[[Is it worth getting Titanfall 2 purely for the campaign]]


Basically the title, I know I’m asking the titanfall subreddit, but I want to know if it’s genuinely as good as people say it is.


If you're looking for a super long campaign or campaign that is going to tell a great profound story, Titanfalls campaign might fall short for you.

What the campaign will provide you with is a solid 6-8 hours of non-stop fun. Titanfall knows that it has a Micheal Bay action movie premise and commits to making it the best Micheal Bay action movie you will ever play. 

The campaign has one massive strength with its story and that's how it develops the relationship between the character you play as and the Titan you pilot. The over-arching story is very much a cheesey Micheal Bay action movie plot but the story of Cooper(the player character) and BT is really something special.

Combine the extraordinary level-design, satisfying gameplay mechanics and the brilliant way the Pilot-Titan relationship is developed through both the story and the aforementioned level design and you have what is probably the best Single Player campaign that any multiplayer focused FPS has every produced( in my opinion)
If it's discounted yes.

I loved the campaign but it doesn't fit in my broke brain that someone has to pay for the full package just to play the campaign.
    You are right, we should make multiplayer a DLC!
    80% off on playstation right now up until the 10th of May
Yeeeeessss!

It is fucking great. Genuinely one of the best campaigns I have ever played.
It’s a great campaign and as of a few weeks multiplayers has been ok, getting some games on console and xbox
Yes. The game is so cheap in sales just do it.
Yes. I still go back and play it .
Yes, it's one of the best single player shooters I've ever played
Yes.
Only here since I can't find any answers, but id say a hard no depending on your system. Ps4? Forget about it because you won't even get past the loading screen to get to the main menu
    Multiplayer works on PS4 now again
I did this. I don't care for multiplayer games. Especially shooters. But I like shooter campaigns. Played through the campaign. Wasn't enough. Needed more. Played through on hard, then master, then  finally caved. Played online. Best choice I made.
Absolutely. It’s got DLC length, but also DLC price.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
Yes
Im pretty sure i spent weeks just replaying the campaign over and over again, its THAT good
Yes, If you are only going to get it for campaign, sale. 

If you are interested later in playing multiplayer too after playing the campaign, straight to sale, right away. 

You will have the best fps game, because of sale.
It’s 3 $ on PS4 right now so if you have a PS4 or 5 yeah get it
I would only recommend it if it goes on a large sale, it's short but sweet.
Yeah it’s worth it I recommend either playing hard or master the first time the game is the best when it’s hard
U mean apex? Yea
no
You are right, we should make multiplayer a DLC!
80% off on playstation right now up until the 10th of May
Multiplayer works on PS4 now again
