[[LET'S FUCKING GOOOO]]





So many ups and downs with this game.  It's like a bad relationship but the sex is good.
    Yeah but not so good when we are the ones getting pegged by Respawn. Still have hope tho
        At this point I fucking wish they pegged us, all they do is say our name lustfully and go silent for a year
            They say our name, slap our butt and kiss us with that Copium ™️ lipstick
                Am i really gonna be the first one to say that this is getting weird?
                    Shhh don’t kill the mood before I even get my lotion
                        That is the most cursed comment I’ve witnessed first hand in my 3 years on Reddit (this is a new acc)
                            The most cursed one I saw was someone commenting anything Is a flesh light if you are brave enough. On a video of a snake yawning
                                Wana know the feeling of five gum
                                    Oh god
                            First hand…pun intended due to the comment above?
                                I hate you have an upvote
                        But that is the problem isn't it. They tease you, and the moment you're ready, lubed up and glistening with oil, they are gone for the next 5 months.
            I can arrange that
            Bruh
        I love getting pegged 🥵
            196
            Username checks out.
                God put a love button in your butt for a reason
                Hey, there's nothing weird about a guy who likes getting pegged! Don't kink-shame him lol
        EA is the pegger imho
        pegging is pretty cool tho
        Sounds like a good time to me.
    Bro, the sex is amazing, and I feel it every time I boot up titanfall 2
    I don't think any unstable relation is worth the sex. Hey, I'm a horny gremlin too, but my man, you gotta know when enough is enough.
        I disagree. According to Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs, sometimes good pussy is more important than a stable relationship.
            Just so your psyche can get fucked over rentless? Alternatives may be considered to achieve sexual needs. Like another sexual partner for example.
                No one fucks like freshmen college girls who have an ambivalent relationship with their father.
                    That's not the sort of person I'm referring to. I was trying to mention more of a destructive narcissistic person that doesn't do wonders to your head.
                        No one fucks like a 27 year old alcoholic with serious intimacy and commitment issues, and a short temper.
                            No one fucks like a mobile app developer in their mid thirties who smokes weed recreationally and prefers fettuccini to spaghetti
                                I feel like that one isn't true.
                            That's oddly specific...
                                And a great ass.
    No, no, the relationship was great, but there's an abusive ex that still has a hold on the TF.
    It’s literally Barney Stinsons Hot/Crazy Scale.
Respawn has Valve syndrome: they can’t release a game in a specific series with a 3 in it.
    Pretty hyped for Titanfall alyx in vr
        God titanfall vr would either be awesome or make me vomit...   
     
Or probably both
            I'd love to pilot a ronin in vr
                I'd love to pilot in vr
                    I’d love to pilot
                        I'd love
                            I’d
                                I’
                                    * *
                                    ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
                    Look up Vox Machinae
                Motion sickness lets fucking gooooo
            With the Medal of Honor game they worked on recently, it wouldn’t surprise me if that’s what they’re working on.

Would definitely have to be mech only though, but could still be fun
            There is a mod that makes this possible with TF|2. Stim users complained of motion sickness, as one would expect.
            the game is too fast in multiplayer to play but vr single player is highly recommended
            You have to ask yourself, is the juice worth the squeeze?
            Imagine two grappling hooks and all you do is fly around attack on titan style until you get your titan
        titanfall gates
            OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS 😍🥵🥵🥵
        [deleted]
            You forgot Titanfall 2: Opposing force, as well as Titanfall 2: Source
        Titanfall vr would either be the greatest vr game or the most nauseating one
    3s are in many cases, the best.
        Three is a magic number
            It takes three legs to make a tripod or to make a table stand
            Triangle? S-tier shape
    Titan fall 2: episode 1
    It's all because of source engine
        Ohhhhh, it all makes sense now!
    Then we can get our hopes up for Titanfall 4?
    Gonna pull a fast one and release Apex Legends 3
    There was Counter Strike 1.3, so at least one there was. Ok, you may say that it is just a version number but stiĺl.
    And both have been unable to release a relevant update for their tf2
    It might actually be the leads/founders. Jason West and Vince Zampella were leads at Infinity Ward that left in 2010, right after the release of Modern Warfare 2, to found Respawn.

Alternatively, it might be some hidden limitation of the source engine. Any project title with a 3 in it always corrupts itself when you try to save or compile it.
    hyped for Titanfall 2 Chapter 2
    [deleted]
Call me cynical, but this feels like damage control after one of their own employees jammed their foot in their mouth
    Wait I'm out of the loop, what did the employee say?
        A community manager I believe went on a stream and answered a question related to Titanfall with: [paraphrased] Titanfall? What can I say about it? It’s an older game from when the Xbox One first launched. We are currently working on so many different other games right now that Titanfall isn’t even on the picture. Just don’t get your hopes up, man. [paraphrased]. Or something like that.
            Ouch, that hurts to hear :(
                Sucks but realistic considering apex is printing money so while we wont get TF3 soon, Respawn is a great developer so future projects will probably be good. Jedi Fallen Order was amazing. I say this as considering TF2 is probably the best shooter ive played
                    I also think TF2 is the best shooter out there (if not one of the best games of all time in my opinion), I just hope they can translate that level of greatness from TF2 to future projects whether it's Jedi Fallen Order 2 or by some miracle TF3
                        If we're going to be completely honest more than likely they're going to dial down the intensity in the next Titanfall game if they ever make it. The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system. So to retain players they're probably going to have to strip out some of the crazyshit that you could do in Titanfall 2 so that people just don't get absolutely demolished each time they go into a match.
                            That's not true. I'm a noob in every game (even more in fps games) and I can say that titanfall doesn't want you to be skilled for having fun.   


There's lot of cannon fodder that can help a new player both having fun and getting better aim.   


Plus movement system isn't that difficult: you just have to jump, wall run and slide and you're ok to go.  


I repeat that I'm talking as a noob in every game. My aim sucks and I'm not able to improve my general skills.  


Titanfall is completely noob friendly. Apex Legends is the game were low skilled and casual player only become cannon fodder for nerd players that don't have a life out of apex
                                Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
                                    That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
                                    Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
                                Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
                                    The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
                                I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
                                    The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
                                I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
                            People always exaggerate titanfall's skill ceiling. Slide hop timing is very lenient, melee+SP+smart core exist, strongest weapons are all those with absurd accuracy+dmg when hip firing. They always designed titanfall with a casual player base in mind.
                            Maybe, but I feel like the main reason why people didn't stay around was that once TF2 was DDossed and hacked into, some people probably thought that it would never be fixed again, so they might have left without looking back. I could be wrong, but I feel like that's the main reason for why people didn't stay around
                                The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
                            >The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system

As opposed to Apex Legends which has the exact same fucking issue? Smurfs will go into low level lobbies and get 20+ kills without even trying. In fact since the TTK is significantly higher in Apex I'd argue that pros have an even bigger advantage over new players
                                Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
                            Or they could....learn to play. Please stop advocating for the further dumbing down of our genre for people wanting to spend $160 to dick waggle in loading screens instead of learning how to play.
                                lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
                                Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
                            Maaaaan. So true. Couldn't they implement a MMR or something?
                    with the hype apex has TF3 will be an huge infusion of money if it does not suck.
                    I agree that respawn is a great developer, I’m just shocked about MoH: AA

Like, how can the second AAA shooter ever made specifically for VR fail so horribly? It gets put to shame by games made by dudes in their basement
                    Apex has its own dedicated office as of ~1 year ago, so Apex isn't gonna be their only focus 24/7. Plus, who said Apex has to dissappear if/when TF3 comes out?
                    Calling Respawn a great dev might be a bit of a stretch. Their games have great bases, but they kinda bungle all the administrative parts. Releasing games at bad times, killing TF3 for Apex, not fixing server issues... There's little reason to believe that they'll do the right thing, even if the games they make are good.
                        Its possible to grow and learn from mistakes
                Might not be true and they could be told to deny anything on that front, we don't know :D
                That's probably because it's the truth. 

This tweet from respawn is meaningless.
            Sounds like the same thing this tweet is saying tbh. They just put a more positive spin on it.
            > What can I say about it? It’s an older game from when the Xbox One first launched. 

How out of touch is this guy if that's all that game is in his eyes.

I'm not saying Titanfall is a money printing game that sold like 10 million copies, but "just an xbox one game".
                He's out of touch with the community, but I can very easily imagine that statement is very representative of what the people at EA and Respawn feel about the franchise.
            I mean ots understand lwble as they have like 3 pr 4 projects going when including that they are maintaining Apex
        That despite the Nvidia "leaks," there are currently no Titanfall games in the works
            Ah ok
            That was a leak off of GeForce now wasnt it? The titanfall games were never in GeForce now to be fair
                Was also a very unconvincing leak.
                    Well 3 games on the list got announced afterwards so there has got to be merit to some of it
    yea its just a cycle of saying we are sorry ❤❤❤ every time people really  start to complain and not actually doing anything
        Yeah, they only really do anything when something comes up that could make them (as a company) look bad, and with how much the media picked up the clip (from one of their own employees), they had to respond to save face
            exactly the old respawn is dead and now its just another ea
                Why does EA have to kill everything I love?
                    The frog and the scorpion
                        "Lol" said the scorpion, "Lmao"
                        Bioware </3
                yeah propably
                I hope one day gamers will learn that the people who make up a development team on any given game are in no way tied to the brand. They will jump ship as soon as a better offer comes up for them. Brand loyalty for a creative product is some of the most naieve shit ever. How many gamers actually watch the credits for the games they play? Find out **who** makes the games that you love and dick ride them instead of the corporate nest egg that pays their salary. It's getting really tired.
                    Sadly, many people are too dumb to realize this :(
                    Like sports fanatics. Clubs are employers, and players are employees. Don't get it twisted, there is no "big happy family"
            Clip link?
        🎶🎵“‘I’m really sorry for punchin your dad in the dick I won’t do it again!’ You make me shake his hand and promise but as I do I ball up my other fist and I punch your dad in the dick again, I punch your dad in his broken dick again!”🎵🎶
            Tom Cardy is a legend.
                For real
                I think he is cool, unfortunately he is also a cop.
            interesting
                What can I say, I’m in a singing mood.
                    fair enough lol
    Absolutely right. Another abstraction that could mean anything. They can make another mobile game or even Titanfall-related comic book and say all promises were kept... Or even worse - milk another aspect of TF fan-service in Apex. Everytime they do anything related to "TF fans will be happy to try it" in Apex - it feels like mockery and cheap pittance.
    Definitely lol. Why would they make Titanfall 3 as long as Apex keeps bringing in millions?
        lol, cause projects like Titanfall is why Respawn is a thing, not everyone and everything is for-profit
            You don't understand what a business is lol.
                A business runs to make money yes but video games are an industry that rewards passion. Game developers won't be in this business if money is all they want, other industries pay a far lot more than video games do.
    Bingo!
    Maybe
    Not cynical at all; media-savvy. They’re doing damage control because they said something honest out loud.
    ***WHAT THE FUCK? Also link? (IT'S NOT A FETISH OK I JUST WANNA SEE THE VID.)***
Stop fucking edging me.
    Respawn Entertainment: *The Ultimate Edgelord*
        Wrong kinda edge lol
            But still not quite wrong either
Good lord can this sub go without a 180 in the current drama 5 freaking minutes.
    today has been a rollercoaster
        With the Apex update that was supposed to fix the game and this idk lol. I feel like Perry the platypus when I'm just a platypus m
            >  I feel like Perry the platypus when I'm just a platypus m

....what does that even mean?
                They could be an amazing, skilled super sleuth but instead they are a strange mammal.
                    Oh like they are in incognito mode?
                        Think of it as awesome mode versus not awesome mode.
                [removed]
                    Bro what is happening
    In the words of Mr. Incredible: "I just cleaned up this mess! Could we keep it clean? For ten minutes?"
    Stay tuned for a very special episode next week
        Dragon Dragon...rock the Dragon...
    Everyday is an Uno match where everyone’s decks are full of reverse cards
    This is definitely the saddest gaming subreddit I've been in.
        I'm active on a second world war community, where half of the discussion and images revolve around the holocaust and various related tragedies. People on that sub are freaking estatic compared to this one since that one ~~dev~~ community manager interview.
            what dev interview?
                A couple days ago a community manager at Respawn was asked in a QnA livestream about Titanfall, which he responded saying that they have so many other games in the works that nothing TF-related is being worked on at all.
        Oh boy lemme tell you about TLOU2 then.
    It could, if idiots could stop taking *every damn thing* that isn't a "Titanfall 3 incoming" statement as some official announcement that they're giving up on titanfall forever. 


It's clear to see that they're a business, and Apex is a moneymaker. So right now, Apex gets the focus. But Apex money means that the passion project (Titanfall) will get the funding it needs *when they can give it the focus it requires.* 


id Software went from Doom 2 in 1994 to Doom 3 in 2004 with Quake in the interim. Then they had a gap of 12 goddamn years until Doom 2016, and that shit is held up as a spectacular return to form for that series, which of course led to Eternal. This sub regularly praises that game and you'll be hard-pressed to find anyone with a negative review of it. 


Point being that sometimes that time away allows for exactly what a series needs to improve and grow. Impatient and reactionary fuckers wanna act like every statement is an obituary, meanwhile the guys at Respawn love their baby and want to treat it right, even if that means we have to wait. Anyone who thinks they'd just write Titanfall off completely is a damn fool.
        We don't do thinking here, respawn bad when titanfall 3?
        DOOM 2016 really only took so long because it was in development hell for what, 8 years? Plus, it was a complete reboot of the franchise.
    No.
    I have gone frome being sad to hyped in 5 seconds
    That’s what I’m saying man. One second everyone’s idolizing that one po8034 guy or whatever it is and the next they pull out the pitchforks and torches like it was nothing
Beep boop -- this looks like a screenshot of a tweet! Let me grab a [link to the tweet](https://twitter.com/Respawn/status/1440852257390546949) for ya :) 

 ^(Twitter Screenshot Bot)
    Good bot
    Good bot.
    Good bot
        Why does "daddy scorch/mama monarch" reminds me of rule 34? (・_・;)
    Good bot
    Good bot
    Good bot.
    Good bot
    Good bot
    Wow that is... Really impressive.
    Good bot UwU
THIS MEANS TITANFALL 3 IS A POSSIBILITY YES, BUT DONT EXPECT IT LIKE NEXT YEAR GUYS
    Respawn has this weird cycle of "There is no TF3" › "We are working on a different game" › "there might be TF3" rinse and repeat. Or maybe it's just the subreddit.
        Its the sub
            Yeah, this sub takes every tiny syllable anyone from Respawn says as a clue to the release of Titanfall 3 like they were two elderly men trying to figure out how Grammy award winning singer Sting murdered Tim Kono.
            This sub is starting to remind me a lot of r/SilentHill. Constant whiplash between “Give up guys, the series is **dead**” and “GUYS LOOK SOMEBODY INCLUDED THE WORD ‘SILENT’ IN THEIR TWEET NEW SILENT HILL GAME CONFIRMED!!11!!!1!1.”

I love both series of games but boy can the constant back and forth be exhausting. I try to just not follow too closely, and only take news of a potential new game seriously if a release date has been announced. Even then I’m skeptical of a cancellation until it’s installed on my console or PC.
        Well I mean last time they said tf3 it was apex
            Apex 2 incoming
                Imma kms if that happens
                    Remindme! 10 years
                    Lol someone sent me the Reddit suicide hotline
                    If they got better servers and refunded at least 50% of the vbucks I bought for the first then I'd be ok with an apex 2.
        This is what's to be expected when it's in the core of dna clashes with not the most profitable.
        I always think Team Fortress when people use the acronym... But in this case, it works both ways.
            Same lol. Both of them have had a long speculated sequel
        Well, something definitely in development, even two as I know, but none of them is TF3. First is sequel of Jedi Fallen Order (beautiful game, try it, if haven't played yet) and one unnamed new IP project.
        It’s literally only to stop everyone from abandoning apex and leaving respawn to die
    DONT TELL ME WHAT TO DO

TITANFALL 3 in 2022 LESSGOOOO
        HOPIUM
        I-I’m sorry
    Yeah im thinking 3 years min
        I'm thinking 6 years and a version of titanfalls closer to apex with slower movement and a more generic scifi style rather than a semi-realistic military style
            I’m thinking 2 years and it’s a remastered tf2 for new consoles
                If that remastered titanfall 2 was also on pc and had tweaked balancing and gunplay id buy it tbh
                    Dont forget a functional anti cheat. Getting tossed in hacker/sweat lobbies sucks the fun out of the game
                I'm thinking Arby's
            Not to be dramatic but if they put apex’s movement in titanfall 3 I will literally kill myself
                I would to, I dont hate Apex's movement cause I do actually enjoy it a lot but I dont want apex movement anywhere near a titanfall mainline title
                I wouldn't go that far but I would personally ensure NOBODY I know buys the game.
            No not that anything but that
                To be honest its the most likely scenario cause respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 

And I've seen apex's movement get more praise than titanfalls even though titanfalls movement is more fun

If we get titanfall 3 and they don't fuck up the movement i hope self splash damage is reduced and knock back from splash is increased along with a longer time to kill and a focus on projectile weapons and more movement techs to learn
                    I mean ofc apex movement will be praised it's a weak ass Titanfall movement. But when apex has 100s of millions of players compared to Titanfall than no shit you're gunna hear more about it.
                        you're never going to see mainstream praise for movement like titanfall. sure it's fun but the vast majority of people don't want to sweat so hard just to play the game at a basic level. 

you're underestimating how lazy the average fps player is. they don't want to spend hours learning a complex movement system even if it is awesome.
                        Apex has some unique aspects to its movement that makes it stand out from titanfall I would say, apex has some incredibly fun movement but at the end of the day titanfalls core system is way better, apex's movement is only good cause its glitchy as hell allowing for some crazy movement tech 

Respawn intended apex to have very shallow movement and thats how most people play apex sadly 

I dont blame people for being mad about apex replacing TF3
                    as an epg main I approve of the last part
                    >respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 



Pretty sure they know exactly what the problem was, which was their shitty release date. They're not dumb enough to pretend like they lost to CoD and Battlefield simply because their movement was too advanced in comparison. 


The movement may very well be nerfed a bit, but there's no way they'd bring Pilots down to Legends status.
    Yeah obviously i’m not expecting it next year, i’m expecting it next week
    Why tf would u
        Do u understand how desperate some of this sub is (I can’t really blame them)
            Bro wdym I'm playing titanfall 3 right now. I'm a whiplash main.
                Fuck whiplash titans, all my homies hate whiplash titans
                    I bet you're a fucking bison main you piece of shit
                I thought it interesting that they added the PDW from Apex in to TF3 but it's full auto by default but you can unlock the starburst attachment for it. Especially since it was the other way around in Apex lol
    First off, put hope back in it's box. You can't be playing around with that, it's dangerous on this sub. 

Secondly this is PR plugging up holes, slight patch work really nothing more. As soon as more time has passed 1-2 years someone will resurface this tweet and restart the cycle again.
    Man
This sub has fucking mood swings I swear
    ##NO WE FUCKING DON'T ASSHOLE!
I'm sorry......love you. ♡♡♡
    We're in an abusive relationship with ourselves.
That Respawn Associate never said Titanfall 3 will NEVER be made, he just said it's not in the works. Doesn't mean it's not going to be developed anytime in the future. That's why I still have hope
    It will be released when gta 6 comes out
        It’ll be released when dead island 2 comes out
            [removed]
                It'll be released when TES6 comes out
                    It'll be released hen Half Life 3 comes out
                        [removed]
                            It'll be released when the PC 2 comes out
                                It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
                                    It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
                            That was uncalled for
                Chess 2 has come out which means titanfall 3 must be coming soon
                https://store.steampowered.com/app/314340/Chess_2_The_Sequel/
            [deleted]
                And dead island 3 comes out next February
            Oh man, please deep silver
    Have hope regardless. Look, Respawn wasn’t going to out and say “hey let’s talk about TitanFall 3 in a couple of months ;)” or something like that, very unlikely they would’ve even teased their biggest IP, before Apex, at this moment. With Apex being as successful as it is, it would be a terrible time to try and get it hyped up, only bc Apex is still so big at the moment.

But it seems here Respawn is teasing something now, after the backlash of them supposedly “abandoning TitanFall”. Or it could very well be a tease at a TitanFall character coming to Apex as a legend, and spoilers here but:

Ash is most likely to be the next legend, although we aren’t 100% sure.


Either way what I’m trying to say is, before this tweet saying anything abt Titanfall I think it was an overreaction to assume Titanfall was done for. I mean they weren’t just gonna say anything abt it, imo. Would’ve been dumb, they’re gonna hype it up some other way I bet. 

Apparently we have something to look out for at the next EA live-thing (sorry I forgot the name lmao) 

Again, I’m not saying anyone was **wrong** in thinking Titanfall was done for bc it came straight out of a Respawn devs mouth saying they had nothing planned, but I’m more than like 90% sure they *can’t* say anything abt development.
        When is the next ea thingy?
            Not sure, apparently from a very reliable leaker, Tom Henderson, we will be receiving news abt TF3 early next year during a EA livestream. I’d suggest looking up what he’s said abt TF3 and his track record, very very reliable.
                Thanks gamer, much appreciated
    You need to let go
        I'm not saying it will happen, it may also never happen. However, games get made years into the future after their previous title released. Only example I can think of is Psychonauts 2. The first game came out over a decade ago, I don't think they planned on making the second one all the way back then. But hey it still came out. Just cause they're not planning on making tf3 now or anytime soon doesn't mean it can never happen
            Dmc 4 and 5 had a difference of 11 years
            Psychonauts was significantly more well known that Titanfall was. Plus the devs didn’t have a different game that their primary focus is on (Apex Legends)
                Unless you have a source I'm gonna have to disagree with you that Psychonauts was more well known than Titanfall. This isn't exactly proof of anything but significantly more people have searched for Titanfall over Psychonauts on google. https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=Psychonauts,Titanfall
    Delusional
HOPIUM CORE ACTIVATED
    Ive always had it on?
        Haven’t had mine activated for a long time.
    
Might need to activate Copium. This ain't the first time they said something about Titanfall only to forget about it months later
Imo this is a bullshit tweet to get us off their backs and stop the media from screaming at them because they said titanfall was a dead game
    Seriously, why does anyone think that Respawn gives a shit about Titanfall anymore? Or even know what they're doing? They're clearly all in on Apex and are incapable of doing the right thing for the TF franchise. I know I sound like a hater, but nothing they've done for the last 3 years would suggest that they're capable of handling TF competently.
I'll believe it when I see it. They have a history of largely ignoring the Titanfall franchise (unless reports of a PC-destroying exploit come rolling in), so I don't see this as anything but a pathetic attempt to get the community off their backs.
    it totally is, just like from soft said that armored core is still a thing, but its been 5 years and there still nothing
That's a nice gesture. But it would be nice to know what the hell that means as we're left with two dying, borderline unplayable games.
    It's not even a gesture
        It more like flipping us off to leave them alone, but theres a heart sticker on their middle finger
    I can play titanfall 2 now btw
HOPE FOR MORE TITANFALL RETURNS!!!
    YOUR JOURNEY BEGINS HERE PILOT :)
        It began a long time ago. It's just finally time to continue it :')
            Time to reactivate these old bones and get out of retirement.
Alright, who didn’t take their meds today >:(
We gotta give Respawn a break, they JUST released TF3 a couple of months ago, we can’t ask for another TF.
    Lol keeping it going
    I told you to take your meds today u/yosol
        I don’t want my friends to disappear ._.
Aged like milk
*\*cough\* bullshit \*cough cough\**

For real though, even if the devs do care, which I don't think they really do past a mild fondness, it doesn't matter. The execs don't care that the marketing was a flop and that it would have done great, they'll think it's suicide to release the third installment of two flops. We're lucky we got Titanfall 2.
    Titanfall 1 was far from a flop. It sold over 14 million copies on Xbox and PC .
        The retention failed Titanfall 1 due to poor design. Respawn pushed a fully multiplayer game before the world was ready and tied literally everything with it. This would've worked since the market shift in 2018, but it was far, *far* too early in 2013 (similar to how subscriptions were being killed off until the market shift in 2010 with Netflix; now everything is a subscription again). 

Another issue Titanfall has that keeps it from being successful is the extremely high skill ceiling. Add in the fact that Titanfall is significantly more taxing on subconscious and conscious memory and it makes it unappealing to the silent majority that just wants a game to play after work. That's why CoD is so successful. It literally dumbs down the shooter genre to "shoot the guy with the red name tag" that a lot of people can get behind without actually learning more advanced mechanics. 

Don't get me wrong, Titanfall is a great game. But it's retention has indeed flopped twice even though Titanfall 1's launch was decently received. As long as Titanfall stays with its roots of one of the highest skill ceilings in any shooter, it'll always have the poorest retention rates in the genre. That's just an unfortunate fact. That being said, Respawn makes so much money from Apex that a small, but dedicated player base actually *would* be enough to sustain a Titanfall 3. It's just that it would have to have much slower updates than a game like Apex and be a side project instead of the main title of the studio. A game like Titanfall 3 most likely wouldn't turn a big enough profit for EA to be happy as an investor and would probably need to keep the running cost low to make it a reality at all.
    If you watch the documentary on Titan Fall, you realise it's impossible to continue the franchise, the minds that made it are long gone and Respawn is a shell of what it used to be, especially in terms of creative control. 

They just want our money, that's why they took everything that made Titan Fall iconic out of the apex.
        "the documentary?"
            Yeah wut?
                My old post: [This is the history of it](https://youtu.be/VBX9h8vYiJY)

[..and this is a short doc on the creation of Titan Fall](https://youtu.be/_SvvX_EDWYI)

Basically these guys made the medal of honor franchise, broke out to be independent, made some bad blood in the process. 

Made Titanfall, it got bought out by EA, then EA wanted to kill it cause of the bad blood, and they sandwiched TF2 in-between two huge game releases to squash it. 

So basically no one bought TF2 and they said "look your game sucks, you never should have went independent."

They cancelled TF3, and one of the partners left, and the studio focused on other projects, I think the starwars game... then out of nowhere shoved all of their energy into Apex to force it out fast, with the remnant assets of TF3, to make money off of the IP while it was still relevant.

TF was a passion project lead by two people who basically designed the FPS genre as we know it. They pissed on the industry, and the industry returned the favor by killing Titan Fall and harvesting it's corpse. This is why we can't have TF3 because, EA bought it, killed it, now hates it and doesn't want it to exist, much less want to fix the attacks, and thats not even mentioning the OG creators have split now because of EA...  It's basically impossible.

We are literally just watching a battle between creator and control. And we're supporting the control chain. It's shitty.
                    LMAO documentary. It’s a youtube clip someone made with their opinion in it.
                        The doc is the link below that... It's short but it was made with the team.
    Tf1 was anything but a flop and TF2 flopped in release and then skyrocketed in recent months. They know the next game will sell like ice cream on a hot day so they most likely will make it
Titanfall is the very core of your DNA? And these hackers are allowed to ruin the game because? Lol. It got so bad other hackers started ruining Apex Legends to get attention for Titanfall. Lol. I dunno man.
    People are also praising respawn for making titanfall 2 somewhat (not fully) playable again. But, do you really believe that TWO people did that, knowing what the hackers can do? I don’t think that respawn has anything to do with it.
“Respawn said something frustratingly vague! We’re saved!”

…no, no we’re not.
"who knows what the future holds..."

*1month later EA closes respawn and add a fifa mode to apex legends, bt appears as a dream team card in fifa, and then hackers destroy apex.

Sorry but I don't  have much faith about it, of course I wish the best for the game and I enjoy see this community having and active and massive case of ezquizonfrenia but still I don't trust that tweet, let's hope for the best
    I'm getting strong westwood vibes from this
Well that was a fucking lie
What fucking bullshit this was. Fuck Respawn
Aged like milk
I call BS, they aren’t making TitanFall they’re just tempering the publics reaction towards this news with literally the smallest of breadcrumbs to make some people happy. I believe Jason 100%, TF3 isn’t in the works.
Was browsing the sub sorted by top of all time and found this close to the top.

It aged like fine milk.
Respawn when we have hella hope for TF3 “nah”
Respawn when we give up hope for TF3 “maybe”
    Like a toxic relationship
I’ve said it multiple times - we’re not getting a Titanfall 3 anytime soon until Apex runs its course or if it just falls off quickly. I think we’re looking at at a minimum of 3 years away
    Either that, or it’s just more titanfall related apex content a la Valkyrie
        Which is garbage. All they did was "oh her backstory ties in with TF2" and gave her a jetpack. That doesn't bring any core gameplay or anything really relevant from tf to apex.
    It's probably 3-5 years out at the minimum. Respawn is a smaller studio and is likely working on projects they have contractual obligations for first. I have zero doubt that another Titanfall game is on the studio's future roadmap. It's just easy to get internet points by being either overly hyped up or doompill cynical.
I’ll believe it when there’s a trailer
:0
    I'm so hyped!
String me along another decade why don't you
Like i say in other post "My real question is, Respawn really up to the task of making Titanfall 3? so many years has been pass my guess not many of the OG devs are on the company by now And I feel like it's incredibly easy to screw up, what titanfall is, And after looking at the other Respawn games they've made I still find that they are quite meh compared to the overall production quality of Titanfall. And after how handle it on Apex Legends and their balances have worked, I feel that they can perfectly ruin the gameplay in general. and i been playing apex legends day 1 and i have 1k+ on the game also the last update on apex legends BY FAR is the worst update i ever see on the 3 years playing"
Little did he know…
232 days later… for what… a heirloom skin reminiscent of a pilot in Apex?
So that was a fucking lie
regardless of what respawn does, nothing can erase the ill will they've accumulated with the titanfall community, that relationship has been permanently damaged
267 days since this post
So that Was a fucking lie
    Every once in a while, I like to go to this post, sort the comments by new, and see how many more people have made angry comments. It never disappoints.
        Its not angry, is a reference of a meme

I'm just sad and dissapointed
It' s funny looking at this now
2 years...
This aged like milk
This is just damage control. Don't take this as meaning something is in the works.
Definitely a PR stunt
😬
    This has aged so well
So, that was f... lie
*Closes book*

Like that’s ever gonna happen
Do not believe anything they say, they’ll probably just put some obscure titanfall reference in apex and hype it up way too much
/r/agedlikemilk
This didn’t age very well… 😭
LET ME TAKE A SHIT IN A TITAN AS I GARGLE THE BLOOD OF MY ENEMIES.
Apparently the future holds them trolling their fans.
(X) Doubt
This aged well...
Just following up on this
Aged like milk
Nothing, the future holds nothing but recolors in Apex
Words are cheap. Apex is a Titanfall spin-off, so the franchise and the universe are absolutely core to the company. Doesn’t mean much to reaffirm that.
Damn you bouta get crazy karma for a Twitter screenshot loool
This didn’t age well…
Looking at this now hurts my soul
Fucking nothing 💀
The future holds disappointment, Pilot.
Watch them just be saying this cause Ash is the new legend or whatever fuckin bullshit they pull next
"Contrary to what all our actions and history implies..."
Ahh they are just saying that to keep everyone engaged. I want this game more than anyone but I just don't see it happening
Notice how there’s no word of any current development and the only timeframe this tweet gives us is “the future”.
They haven't confirmed anything. Let's not get our hopes up
We really need to stop praising Respawn for empty teasers and the bare minimum
100% damage control. Don't bullshit a bullshitter, Respawn, Reddit knows better.
They said Dead Space 4 was still possible before Visceral Games was taken out. This tweet means literally nothing.
The “return” of Titanfall is just going to be a pilot character in Apex Legends. 

They don’t care about Titanfall because it’s not a money machine
This is translation for: More Titanfall lore in Apex.

Underwhelming!
Here from the future to say that it's probably just that Ash is a new legend in apex, but who knows
This aged like milk
This post aged like milk lol
Where’s titanfall 2 servers for console
Hahahaha, fuck you
So that was a lie
This post only makes me want to cry now
What a year it’s been
More apex, probably.
Man it's amazing how much good will and trust respawn has managed to burn in the past few months. I'll believe it when I see them *do* literally anything other than add more overpriced skins to apex. Good guy respawn is dead.
wait a minute, isnt titanfall the game that was constantly under attack to the point players couldnt play the game and the devs just  didnt do anything about it. is it that titanfall?  or is there a different titanfall that theyre talking about?
All talk, put your money where your fucking mouth is Respawn.
They got the titanfall community by the balls. Any time they mess up, they'll come with some vague shit about titanfall 3 happening and everything is forgiven. 

I'm still hype for it if it happens tho but it just shows that they could stall it for the next 5 years and we'll just eat it up.
Jesus christ you guys are just hyping yourselves up over literally nothing and just setting yourselves up for disappointment. Wait for something to actually be confirmed not just rumours and whispers. 

I am happy to be proven wrong but it is very, very evident they're happy to keep pumping out skins and maybe a new legend every now and raking in the literal 100s of millions than make another titanfall game and risk a flop 3 times in a row
u/Jayfresh_Respawn I’m sure you didn’t post this tone deaf tweet. But tell your Social Media team to either put up or shut up.

Titanfall 2 servers currently are a broken mess with constant DCs. If your team can’t even keep the lights on for TF|2 we sure don’t expect any good news for TF|3. 

These tweets just piss off your TF|2 fan base bc we can all tell it’s corporate PR bullshit.
“9/22/21”

damn
Well that aged well🤣🤣🤣
Oh how naive we once where
shit where are my meds
No fucking way???????
This aged very poorly.
Looking back at this I cry
Took a while
This is such Respawn bait
I hope you guys enjoy the next obscure TF reference in apex Legends...
Titan fall 3, 2024
I don’t play titanfall anymore and haven’t for sometime, but I love this sub and I can’t wait for the new entry. LFG indeed.
    Tbh this sub is the best one I follow
Welp time to borrow my dads printer
    Im going to frame this on my wall
Ayo Titanfall 2 and a half?
Okay, I just want to say one thing

With so many games and franchises that have been driven into the ground over the years, community agreeing that the old releases are better and are more played, maybe we don't even want TF|3?

Would be a shame if we finally got our wish granted only to realize that they caught lightning in a bottle with TF|2 and forgot where they put it over the years.
Then again, I am quite confident in Respawn as a developer that their products are alright so probably just me being paranoid
You guys are on another level gullible
Titanfall pachinko time!
They need to stop lying
Proceeds to do absolutely nothing
What a crock of shit.
this really means nothing
Actions speak louder than words, with how titanfall 2 and 1 were treated and abandoned I will remain less than optimistic.
I'm gonna keep it real, they're just saying that to save their own image. I lost faith in respawn. They might not be the worst developer, but the whole thing is just.. disappointing.
Only as long as it supports APEX. 

Companies are not your friends.
At least 8257 people are dumb enough to believe tweets. Holy shit I hate this website.
Liars…
It’s just another way of saying “we want Titanfall 3 but EA won’t let us”
Let's fucking noooooooooooooooo

This is dmg control at its finest guys, don't fall for it.
Honestly I think they just say stuff like this occasionally because they want us to stick around and keep hoping. I love this franchise, but I’ve mostly given up hope on getting a Titanfall 3, at least within the next like 5 years. I still love Titanfall, I still play Titanfall 2, and I will continue to do both, but I’m not hopeful for a third game :(
Translation:

“We’ll make Titanfall III when Battle Royale stops being profitable.”
apex legend 2
Another lie
Bullshit.

I'll say the same thing I've said about Armored Core.

I am not believing a single word out of the developer's mouth until I see a gameplay trailer.
Watch it be a fucking apex weapon charm or gun skin
Nah bro I’m sorry but there is so many videos like this , people asked the community manager about tf3 he said if not coming respawn is lying . They lie and they just won’t do shit . Titanfall isn’t their “dna” most of the Titan fall team left .
This aged well
lol
:|
This aged badly
It’s been a year and a half…

I think they lied guys
And this turned out to be a lie
Heh.

Heheheheh, heheHEheeheHEHeH, AHHAHAHAHAH, AHAHAHHAHHHAA!

\*quiet sobbing\*
Umm year later
This aged like milk left outside…
😕
This aged.
#BringBackTitanfall
Imagine one day they just tweet “prepare for Titanfall...”
    Stand by for Titanfall*
        Right, I forgot how it went
Don't listen to them its just this shit all over again

[https://www.reddit.com/r/DreamWasTaken2/comments/nw6iye/rinse\_and\_repeat\_boys/](https://www.reddit.com/r/DreamWasTaken2/comments/nw6iye/rinse_and_repeat_boys/)
Sure it is... That's why you left the first unplayable and the second compromised...
dopamine acquired
Pilots...Don't go for Azure skies yet...  


*We have one last mission.*
I half believe they are saying the truth
In my opinion, i wont beg respawn for one, but if they do make tf3 you bet your ass that rent is waiting…
Keep in mind this doesn’t mean Titanfall 3 is coming any time soon
HOLY SHIT MORE APEX CHARMS LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Wait a minute the respawn logo, 3 vertical dots and 1 single dot. 

The single dot obviously represents apex legends as it's standalone but the 3 dots for Titanfall 1-2 and 3!!

CLEARLY THIS MEANS TITANFALL 3 IS CONFIRMED!! 

Nobody correct me, I can't handle the heartbreak
This doesn't at all directly contradict the report from earlier.
My opinion on this: we are throwing ideas at the wall but are not committed to locking down on a concept or giving more manpower or dedication so be hopeful but not expectant
Talk is cheap, haven't been able to play for a few months now not even frontier with some friends, it's really sad to see.
TITANFALL DATING SIM
In reality there is nothing being made and unless daddy EA says so there will be nothing made. Just like half life 3.
It's not going to happen.
Ok then next week it's titanfall who?
This entire saga is literally “carrot and stick”
I know what the future holds and its absolutely nothing
Like a abusive Lover they're luring us back. They won't hit us again they promise! (They love our ideas/ s)
[deleted]
They are just saying to get hype up, they aren’t gonna do anything exiting 

I bet you 5 executions on it
I'm not gonna lie, this just sounds like Respawn saying "Hey, we should tease them and not do anything big to Titanfall 2."
I hope they do something, but this could just be like another wait till chaos happens deal and post another tweet.
Call me crazy but, the word “DNA” is made up of 3 letters, what other reason would they choose this other than to promote Titanfall 3?!?      /s
I bet they're begging EA to green light TF3 but they keep shutting it down
Ooh, this might get interesting
Feels like a toxic relationship. Stop leading us on.
Definitely not titanfall 3 :(
Obviously this doesn't mean titanfall 3 anytime soon but it might suggest they do have ideas of what to do with titanfall and do actively plan to use it in the foreseeable future
TF|3 confirme-

**Dont do that, dont give me hope**
Like, idk why people think they aren't able to have no current plans for a third game, but still be open to possibly making one in the future. Just because you aren't interested now, doesn't mean you won't ever be.
I like respawn, but anything the major company touched(EA) is already fated to be milking dry the IP fans and do nothing about the service & maintainance until the shit hits the fan. I'll just pass off this and continue to live my mundane life.
After they launched Apex,  there was a meeting between Vince and the EA board. When asked about any work with Titanfall, Vince said it has nothing. A lot of Titanfall fans complained and Vince came on Twitter and said they were planning to work on Titanfall ... it's been more than 2 years since he said that.

I don't know why people are getting hopes for a new Titanfall game.
this just appeared in r/all

That’s good

That’s very good
Ron Burgundy: I don’t believe you
# LIAR
yeah it probably contains another shitty tf charm in apex. Respawn can't understand that apex is not a titanfall game. TF 1 and 2 were loved for their fast movement and were just pure casual fun (check out Sir Swag's titanfall videos), apex is one of the slowest in the already slow as hell battle royale genre, and even casual is a massive sweatfest. They share nothing but some lore overlaps and powersliding.
So this gets out out right after they tell us nothing is in the works and that we shouldn’t get our hopes up? These fucking guys.
Let's not get are hopes up
THE HOPIUM FLOWS
Ooh boy baby can't wait to see more Titanfall references on Apex.
Translated from Respawnanese:

“We only care about Titanfall because we know we can make money from it, in reality we hate the game and refuse to do anything with it also please buy more apex packs ty x”
Still waiting
Didn't 343 also say this before they butchered my boy?
This is so fucking funny as of late

Why you gotta do this to us…
P a i n . . .
:(
Yeah so anyways. Have we learned from since this folks? Titanfall 3 is likely, yeah it’s odd to say but it’s true. The 3rd game will happen but who knows when. What we do know is that when it does happen, it’s made by respawn who has lost all their titanfall devs since, and EA who is a greedy shit of a company. And it will be inspired by apex. The game will probably happen at some who knows when point, but it’s going to be riddled with micro transactions, a buggy mess at launch, performance issues that get resolved far too late before the game is inevitably ditched. I love titanfall but I know that there is a time to accept things as they are. Not saying to lose hope, just saying to not be excited with that hope
This aged well
DONT LOSE HOPE
This tweet aged like milk
It's definitely referring to Apex, since that's the current money maker, and we all know how EA likes to treat the companies that make money...
    Well so does any company since the literal objective is to *make money*
#OH. MY. GOD. YESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!  LET'S FUCKING GOOOOIII!
HOLY CRAP GUYS 🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀
TF4 CONFIRMED
Moderation guys, it doest say titanfall 3 anywhere.
Actions speak louder than words. I'll believe it when it happens.
This is actually a huge win.  


this means while we might not be seeing Titanfall 3 in the next few years, it means we'll most likely see something in the future.
    You're right, we might see a spectre for like half a second in a future apex trailer!!!
        Yeah!
Respawn ain't making Titanfall any time soon. Its a fine IP and with apex going how it is it's not like Titanfall 3 is half-life 3. Once apex loses its market control and dies down (realistically a year or two at least) they'll probably start throwing together TF3. 

But any of you who think they'll start work on it anytime soon and cannibalize their money printing machine is so wrong it's not even funny. 

TF3 won't exist while apex is being worked on, which is gunna be a long long time.
I'm breaking the cycle. Ive seen this happen far too many times. Never getting my hopes up again
Im sorry but I lost hope and I think its a nother pr move
"Who knows what the future holds..."
Hopefully stable servers

My opinion: TF|3 shouldn't happen. We just need server fixes. And, well, community servers would be nice, but you know, realistically speaking it wouldn't happen
Ahh yes... The dose of HOPIUM we need
This sub needs a therapist for bipolar depression for what happened in the past months.
This aged well lol
DNA- 3 letters 3?!!? TITANFALL 3
Yeah but not so good when we are the ones getting pegged by Respawn. Still have hope tho
    At this point I fucking wish they pegged us, all they do is say our name lustfully and go silent for a year
        They say our name, slap our butt and kiss us with that Copium ™️ lipstick
            Am i really gonna be the first one to say that this is getting weird?
                Shhh don’t kill the mood before I even get my lotion
                    That is the most cursed comment I’ve witnessed first hand in my 3 years on Reddit (this is a new acc)
                        The most cursed one I saw was someone commenting anything Is a flesh light if you are brave enough. On a video of a snake yawning
                            Wana know the feeling of five gum
                                Oh god
                        First hand…pun intended due to the comment above?
                            I hate you have an upvote
                    But that is the problem isn't it. They tease you, and the moment you're ready, lubed up and glistening with oil, they are gone for the next 5 months.
        I can arrange that
        Bruh
    I love getting pegged 🥵
        196
        Username checks out.
            God put a love button in your butt for a reason
            Hey, there's nothing weird about a guy who likes getting pegged! Don't kink-shame him lol
    EA is the pegger imho
    pegging is pretty cool tho
    Sounds like a good time to me.
Bro, the sex is amazing, and I feel it every time I boot up titanfall 2
I don't think any unstable relation is worth the sex. Hey, I'm a horny gremlin too, but my man, you gotta know when enough is enough.
    I disagree. According to Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs, sometimes good pussy is more important than a stable relationship.
        Just so your psyche can get fucked over rentless? Alternatives may be considered to achieve sexual needs. Like another sexual partner for example.
            No one fucks like freshmen college girls who have an ambivalent relationship with their father.
                That's not the sort of person I'm referring to. I was trying to mention more of a destructive narcissistic person that doesn't do wonders to your head.
                    No one fucks like a 27 year old alcoholic with serious intimacy and commitment issues, and a short temper.
                        No one fucks like a mobile app developer in their mid thirties who smokes weed recreationally and prefers fettuccini to spaghetti
                            I feel like that one isn't true.
                        That's oddly specific...
                            And a great ass.
No, no, the relationship was great, but there's an abusive ex that still has a hold on the TF.
It’s literally Barney Stinsons Hot/Crazy Scale.
Pretty hyped for Titanfall alyx in vr
    God titanfall vr would either be awesome or make me vomit...   
     
Or probably both
        I'd love to pilot a ronin in vr
            I'd love to pilot in vr
                I’d love to pilot
                    I'd love
                        I’d
                            I’
                                * *
                                ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
                Look up Vox Machinae
            Motion sickness lets fucking gooooo
        With the Medal of Honor game they worked on recently, it wouldn’t surprise me if that’s what they’re working on.

Would definitely have to be mech only though, but could still be fun
        There is a mod that makes this possible with TF|2. Stim users complained of motion sickness, as one would expect.
        the game is too fast in multiplayer to play but vr single player is highly recommended
        You have to ask yourself, is the juice worth the squeeze?
        Imagine two grappling hooks and all you do is fly around attack on titan style until you get your titan
    titanfall gates
        OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS 😍🥵🥵🥵
    [deleted]
        You forgot Titanfall 2: Opposing force, as well as Titanfall 2: Source
    Titanfall vr would either be the greatest vr game or the most nauseating one
3s are in many cases, the best.
    Three is a magic number
        It takes three legs to make a tripod or to make a table stand
        Triangle? S-tier shape
Titan fall 2: episode 1
It's all because of source engine
    Ohhhhh, it all makes sense now!
Then we can get our hopes up for Titanfall 4?
Gonna pull a fast one and release Apex Legends 3
There was Counter Strike 1.3, so at least one there was. Ok, you may say that it is just a version number but stiĺl.
And both have been unable to release a relevant update for their tf2
It might actually be the leads/founders. Jason West and Vince Zampella were leads at Infinity Ward that left in 2010, right after the release of Modern Warfare 2, to found Respawn.

Alternatively, it might be some hidden limitation of the source engine. Any project title with a 3 in it always corrupts itself when you try to save or compile it.
hyped for Titanfall 2 Chapter 2
[deleted]
Wait I'm out of the loop, what did the employee say?
    A community manager I believe went on a stream and answered a question related to Titanfall with: [paraphrased] Titanfall? What can I say about it? It’s an older game from when the Xbox One first launched. We are currently working on so many different other games right now that Titanfall isn’t even on the picture. Just don’t get your hopes up, man. [paraphrased]. Or something like that.
        Ouch, that hurts to hear :(
            Sucks but realistic considering apex is printing money so while we wont get TF3 soon, Respawn is a great developer so future projects will probably be good. Jedi Fallen Order was amazing. I say this as considering TF2 is probably the best shooter ive played
                I also think TF2 is the best shooter out there (if not one of the best games of all time in my opinion), I just hope they can translate that level of greatness from TF2 to future projects whether it's Jedi Fallen Order 2 or by some miracle TF3
                    If we're going to be completely honest more than likely they're going to dial down the intensity in the next Titanfall game if they ever make it. The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system. So to retain players they're probably going to have to strip out some of the crazyshit that you could do in Titanfall 2 so that people just don't get absolutely demolished each time they go into a match.
                        That's not true. I'm a noob in every game (even more in fps games) and I can say that titanfall doesn't want you to be skilled for having fun.   


There's lot of cannon fodder that can help a new player both having fun and getting better aim.   


Plus movement system isn't that difficult: you just have to jump, wall run and slide and you're ok to go.  


I repeat that I'm talking as a noob in every game. My aim sucks and I'm not able to improve my general skills.  


Titanfall is completely noob friendly. Apex Legends is the game were low skilled and casual player only become cannon fodder for nerd players that don't have a life out of apex
                            Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
                                That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
                                Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
                            Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
                                The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
                            I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
                                The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
                            I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
                        People always exaggerate titanfall's skill ceiling. Slide hop timing is very lenient, melee+SP+smart core exist, strongest weapons are all those with absurd accuracy+dmg when hip firing. They always designed titanfall with a casual player base in mind.
                        Maybe, but I feel like the main reason why people didn't stay around was that once TF2 was DDossed and hacked into, some people probably thought that it would never be fixed again, so they might have left without looking back. I could be wrong, but I feel like that's the main reason for why people didn't stay around
                            The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
                        >The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system

As opposed to Apex Legends which has the exact same fucking issue? Smurfs will go into low level lobbies and get 20+ kills without even trying. In fact since the TTK is significantly higher in Apex I'd argue that pros have an even bigger advantage over new players
                            Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
                        Or they could....learn to play. Please stop advocating for the further dumbing down of our genre for people wanting to spend $160 to dick waggle in loading screens instead of learning how to play.
                            lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
                            Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
                        Maaaaan. So true. Couldn't they implement a MMR or something?
                with the hype apex has TF3 will be an huge infusion of money if it does not suck.
                I agree that respawn is a great developer, I’m just shocked about MoH: AA

Like, how can the second AAA shooter ever made specifically for VR fail so horribly? It gets put to shame by games made by dudes in their basement
                Apex has its own dedicated office as of ~1 year ago, so Apex isn't gonna be their only focus 24/7. Plus, who said Apex has to dissappear if/when TF3 comes out?
                Calling Respawn a great dev might be a bit of a stretch. Their games have great bases, but they kinda bungle all the administrative parts. Releasing games at bad times, killing TF3 for Apex, not fixing server issues... There's little reason to believe that they'll do the right thing, even if the games they make are good.
                    Its possible to grow and learn from mistakes
            Might not be true and they could be told to deny anything on that front, we don't know :D
            That's probably because it's the truth. 

This tweet from respawn is meaningless.
        Sounds like the same thing this tweet is saying tbh. They just put a more positive spin on it.
        > What can I say about it? It’s an older game from when the Xbox One first launched. 

How out of touch is this guy if that's all that game is in his eyes.

I'm not saying Titanfall is a money printing game that sold like 10 million copies, but "just an xbox one game".
            He's out of touch with the community, but I can very easily imagine that statement is very representative of what the people at EA and Respawn feel about the franchise.
        I mean ots understand lwble as they have like 3 pr 4 projects going when including that they are maintaining Apex
    That despite the Nvidia "leaks," there are currently no Titanfall games in the works
        Ah ok
        That was a leak off of GeForce now wasnt it? The titanfall games were never in GeForce now to be fair
            Was also a very unconvincing leak.
                Well 3 games on the list got announced afterwards so there has got to be merit to some of it
yea its just a cycle of saying we are sorry ❤❤❤ every time people really  start to complain and not actually doing anything
    Yeah, they only really do anything when something comes up that could make them (as a company) look bad, and with how much the media picked up the clip (from one of their own employees), they had to respond to save face
        exactly the old respawn is dead and now its just another ea
            Why does EA have to kill everything I love?
                The frog and the scorpion
                    "Lol" said the scorpion, "Lmao"
                    Bioware </3
            yeah propably
            I hope one day gamers will learn that the people who make up a development team on any given game are in no way tied to the brand. They will jump ship as soon as a better offer comes up for them. Brand loyalty for a creative product is some of the most naieve shit ever. How many gamers actually watch the credits for the games they play? Find out **who** makes the games that you love and dick ride them instead of the corporate nest egg that pays their salary. It's getting really tired.
                Sadly, many people are too dumb to realize this :(
                Like sports fanatics. Clubs are employers, and players are employees. Don't get it twisted, there is no "big happy family"
        Clip link?
    🎶🎵“‘I’m really sorry for punchin your dad in the dick I won’t do it again!’ You make me shake his hand and promise but as I do I ball up my other fist and I punch your dad in the dick again, I punch your dad in his broken dick again!”🎵🎶
        Tom Cardy is a legend.
            For real
            I think he is cool, unfortunately he is also a cop.
        interesting
            What can I say, I’m in a singing mood.
                fair enough lol
Absolutely right. Another abstraction that could mean anything. They can make another mobile game or even Titanfall-related comic book and say all promises were kept... Or even worse - milk another aspect of TF fan-service in Apex. Everytime they do anything related to "TF fans will be happy to try it" in Apex - it feels like mockery and cheap pittance.
Definitely lol. Why would they make Titanfall 3 as long as Apex keeps bringing in millions?
    lol, cause projects like Titanfall is why Respawn is a thing, not everyone and everything is for-profit
        You don't understand what a business is lol.
            A business runs to make money yes but video games are an industry that rewards passion. Game developers won't be in this business if money is all they want, other industries pay a far lot more than video games do.
Bingo!
Maybe
Not cynical at all; media-savvy. They’re doing damage control because they said something honest out loud.
***WHAT THE FUCK? Also link? (IT'S NOT A FETISH OK I JUST WANNA SEE THE VID.)***
Respawn Entertainment: *The Ultimate Edgelord*
    Wrong kinda edge lol
        But still not quite wrong either
today has been a rollercoaster
    With the Apex update that was supposed to fix the game and this idk lol. I feel like Perry the platypus when I'm just a platypus m
        >  I feel like Perry the platypus when I'm just a platypus m

....what does that even mean?
            They could be an amazing, skilled super sleuth but instead they are a strange mammal.
                Oh like they are in incognito mode?
                    Think of it as awesome mode versus not awesome mode.
            [removed]
                Bro what is happening
In the words of Mr. Incredible: "I just cleaned up this mess! Could we keep it clean? For ten minutes?"
Stay tuned for a very special episode next week
    Dragon Dragon...rock the Dragon...
Everyday is an Uno match where everyone’s decks are full of reverse cards
This is definitely the saddest gaming subreddit I've been in.
    I'm active on a second world war community, where half of the discussion and images revolve around the holocaust and various related tragedies. People on that sub are freaking estatic compared to this one since that one ~~dev~~ community manager interview.
        what dev interview?
            A couple days ago a community manager at Respawn was asked in a QnA livestream about Titanfall, which he responded saying that they have so many other games in the works that nothing TF-related is being worked on at all.
    Oh boy lemme tell you about TLOU2 then.
It could, if idiots could stop taking *every damn thing* that isn't a "Titanfall 3 incoming" statement as some official announcement that they're giving up on titanfall forever. 


It's clear to see that they're a business, and Apex is a moneymaker. So right now, Apex gets the focus. But Apex money means that the passion project (Titanfall) will get the funding it needs *when they can give it the focus it requires.* 


id Software went from Doom 2 in 1994 to Doom 3 in 2004 with Quake in the interim. Then they had a gap of 12 goddamn years until Doom 2016, and that shit is held up as a spectacular return to form for that series, which of course led to Eternal. This sub regularly praises that game and you'll be hard-pressed to find anyone with a negative review of it. 


Point being that sometimes that time away allows for exactly what a series needs to improve and grow. Impatient and reactionary fuckers wanna act like every statement is an obituary, meanwhile the guys at Respawn love their baby and want to treat it right, even if that means we have to wait. Anyone who thinks they'd just write Titanfall off completely is a damn fool.
    We don't do thinking here, respawn bad when titanfall 3?
    DOOM 2016 really only took so long because it was in development hell for what, 8 years? Plus, it was a complete reboot of the franchise.
No.
I have gone frome being sad to hyped in 5 seconds
That’s what I’m saying man. One second everyone’s idolizing that one po8034 guy or whatever it is and the next they pull out the pitchforks and torches like it was nothing
Good bot
Good bot.
Good bot
    Why does "daddy scorch/mama monarch" reminds me of rule 34? (・_・;)
Good bot
Good bot
Good bot.
Good bot
Good bot
Wow that is... Really impressive.
Good bot UwU
Respawn has this weird cycle of "There is no TF3" › "We are working on a different game" › "there might be TF3" rinse and repeat. Or maybe it's just the subreddit.
    Its the sub
        Yeah, this sub takes every tiny syllable anyone from Respawn says as a clue to the release of Titanfall 3 like they were two elderly men trying to figure out how Grammy award winning singer Sting murdered Tim Kono.
        This sub is starting to remind me a lot of r/SilentHill. Constant whiplash between “Give up guys, the series is **dead**” and “GUYS LOOK SOMEBODY INCLUDED THE WORD ‘SILENT’ IN THEIR TWEET NEW SILENT HILL GAME CONFIRMED!!11!!!1!1.”

I love both series of games but boy can the constant back and forth be exhausting. I try to just not follow too closely, and only take news of a potential new game seriously if a release date has been announced. Even then I’m skeptical of a cancellation until it’s installed on my console or PC.
    Well I mean last time they said tf3 it was apex
        Apex 2 incoming
            Imma kms if that happens
                Remindme! 10 years
                Lol someone sent me the Reddit suicide hotline
                If they got better servers and refunded at least 50% of the vbucks I bought for the first then I'd be ok with an apex 2.
    This is what's to be expected when it's in the core of dna clashes with not the most profitable.
    I always think Team Fortress when people use the acronym... But in this case, it works both ways.
        Same lol. Both of them have had a long speculated sequel
    Well, something definitely in development, even two as I know, but none of them is TF3. First is sequel of Jedi Fallen Order (beautiful game, try it, if haven't played yet) and one unnamed new IP project.
    It’s literally only to stop everyone from abandoning apex and leaving respawn to die
DONT TELL ME WHAT TO DO

TITANFALL 3 in 2022 LESSGOOOO
    HOPIUM
    I-I’m sorry
Yeah im thinking 3 years min
    I'm thinking 6 years and a version of titanfalls closer to apex with slower movement and a more generic scifi style rather than a semi-realistic military style
        I’m thinking 2 years and it’s a remastered tf2 for new consoles
            If that remastered titanfall 2 was also on pc and had tweaked balancing and gunplay id buy it tbh
                Dont forget a functional anti cheat. Getting tossed in hacker/sweat lobbies sucks the fun out of the game
            I'm thinking Arby's
        Not to be dramatic but if they put apex’s movement in titanfall 3 I will literally kill myself
            I would to, I dont hate Apex's movement cause I do actually enjoy it a lot but I dont want apex movement anywhere near a titanfall mainline title
            I wouldn't go that far but I would personally ensure NOBODY I know buys the game.
        No not that anything but that
            To be honest its the most likely scenario cause respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 

And I've seen apex's movement get more praise than titanfalls even though titanfalls movement is more fun

If we get titanfall 3 and they don't fuck up the movement i hope self splash damage is reduced and knock back from splash is increased along with a longer time to kill and a focus on projectile weapons and more movement techs to learn
                I mean ofc apex movement will be praised it's a weak ass Titanfall movement. But when apex has 100s of millions of players compared to Titanfall than no shit you're gunna hear more about it.
                    you're never going to see mainstream praise for movement like titanfall. sure it's fun but the vast majority of people don't want to sweat so hard just to play the game at a basic level. 

you're underestimating how lazy the average fps player is. they don't want to spend hours learning a complex movement system even if it is awesome.
                    Apex has some unique aspects to its movement that makes it stand out from titanfall I would say, apex has some incredibly fun movement but at the end of the day titanfalls core system is way better, apex's movement is only good cause its glitchy as hell allowing for some crazy movement tech 

Respawn intended apex to have very shallow movement and thats how most people play apex sadly 

I dont blame people for being mad about apex replacing TF3
                as an epg main I approve of the last part
                >respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 



Pretty sure they know exactly what the problem was, which was their shitty release date. They're not dumb enough to pretend like they lost to CoD and Battlefield simply because their movement was too advanced in comparison. 


The movement may very well be nerfed a bit, but there's no way they'd bring Pilots down to Legends status.
Yeah obviously i’m not expecting it next year, i’m expecting it next week
Why tf would u
    Do u understand how desperate some of this sub is (I can’t really blame them)
        Bro wdym I'm playing titanfall 3 right now. I'm a whiplash main.
            Fuck whiplash titans, all my homies hate whiplash titans
                I bet you're a fucking bison main you piece of shit
            I thought it interesting that they added the PDW from Apex in to TF3 but it's full auto by default but you can unlock the starburst attachment for it. Especially since it was the other way around in Apex lol
First off, put hope back in it's box. You can't be playing around with that, it's dangerous on this sub. 

Secondly this is PR plugging up holes, slight patch work really nothing more. As soon as more time has passed 1-2 years someone will resurface this tweet and restart the cycle again.
Man
##NO WE FUCKING DON'T ASSHOLE!
I'm sorry......love you. ♡♡♡
We're in an abusive relationship with ourselves.
It will be released when gta 6 comes out
    It’ll be released when dead island 2 comes out
        [removed]
            It'll be released when TES6 comes out
                It'll be released hen Half Life 3 comes out
                    [removed]
                        It'll be released when the PC 2 comes out
                            It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
                                It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
                        That was uncalled for
            Chess 2 has come out which means titanfall 3 must be coming soon
            https://store.steampowered.com/app/314340/Chess_2_The_Sequel/
        [deleted]
            And dead island 3 comes out next February
        Oh man, please deep silver
Have hope regardless. Look, Respawn wasn’t going to out and say “hey let’s talk about TitanFall 3 in a couple of months ;)” or something like that, very unlikely they would’ve even teased their biggest IP, before Apex, at this moment. With Apex being as successful as it is, it would be a terrible time to try and get it hyped up, only bc Apex is still so big at the moment.

But it seems here Respawn is teasing something now, after the backlash of them supposedly “abandoning TitanFall”. Or it could very well be a tease at a TitanFall character coming to Apex as a legend, and spoilers here but:

Ash is most likely to be the next legend, although we aren’t 100% sure.


Either way what I’m trying to say is, before this tweet saying anything abt Titanfall I think it was an overreaction to assume Titanfall was done for. I mean they weren’t just gonna say anything abt it, imo. Would’ve been dumb, they’re gonna hype it up some other way I bet. 

Apparently we have something to look out for at the next EA live-thing (sorry I forgot the name lmao) 

Again, I’m not saying anyone was **wrong** in thinking Titanfall was done for bc it came straight out of a Respawn devs mouth saying they had nothing planned, but I’m more than like 90% sure they *can’t* say anything abt development.
    When is the next ea thingy?
        Not sure, apparently from a very reliable leaker, Tom Henderson, we will be receiving news abt TF3 early next year during a EA livestream. I’d suggest looking up what he’s said abt TF3 and his track record, very very reliable.
            Thanks gamer, much appreciated
You need to let go
    I'm not saying it will happen, it may also never happen. However, games get made years into the future after their previous title released. Only example I can think of is Psychonauts 2. The first game came out over a decade ago, I don't think they planned on making the second one all the way back then. But hey it still came out. Just cause they're not planning on making tf3 now or anytime soon doesn't mean it can never happen
        Dmc 4 and 5 had a difference of 11 years
        Psychonauts was significantly more well known that Titanfall was. Plus the devs didn’t have a different game that their primary focus is on (Apex Legends)
            Unless you have a source I'm gonna have to disagree with you that Psychonauts was more well known than Titanfall. This isn't exactly proof of anything but significantly more people have searched for Titanfall over Psychonauts on google. https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=Psychonauts,Titanfall
Delusional
Ive always had it on?
    Haven’t had mine activated for a long time.

Might need to activate Copium. This ain't the first time they said something about Titanfall only to forget about it months later
Seriously, why does anyone think that Respawn gives a shit about Titanfall anymore? Or even know what they're doing? They're clearly all in on Apex and are incapable of doing the right thing for the TF franchise. I know I sound like a hater, but nothing they've done for the last 3 years would suggest that they're capable of handling TF competently.
it totally is, just like from soft said that armored core is still a thing, but its been 5 years and there still nothing
It's not even a gesture
    It more like flipping us off to leave them alone, but theres a heart sticker on their middle finger
I can play titanfall 2 now btw
YOUR JOURNEY BEGINS HERE PILOT :)
    It began a long time ago. It's just finally time to continue it :')
        Time to reactivate these old bones and get out of retirement.
Lol keeping it going
I told you to take your meds today u/yosol
    I don’t want my friends to disappear ._.
Titanfall 1 was far from a flop. It sold over 14 million copies on Xbox and PC .
    The retention failed Titanfall 1 due to poor design. Respawn pushed a fully multiplayer game before the world was ready and tied literally everything with it. This would've worked since the market shift in 2018, but it was far, *far* too early in 2013 (similar to how subscriptions were being killed off until the market shift in 2010 with Netflix; now everything is a subscription again). 

Another issue Titanfall has that keeps it from being successful is the extremely high skill ceiling. Add in the fact that Titanfall is significantly more taxing on subconscious and conscious memory and it makes it unappealing to the silent majority that just wants a game to play after work. That's why CoD is so successful. It literally dumbs down the shooter genre to "shoot the guy with the red name tag" that a lot of people can get behind without actually learning more advanced mechanics. 

Don't get me wrong, Titanfall is a great game. But it's retention has indeed flopped twice even though Titanfall 1's launch was decently received. As long as Titanfall stays with its roots of one of the highest skill ceilings in any shooter, it'll always have the poorest retention rates in the genre. That's just an unfortunate fact. That being said, Respawn makes so much money from Apex that a small, but dedicated player base actually *would* be enough to sustain a Titanfall 3. It's just that it would have to have much slower updates than a game like Apex and be a side project instead of the main title of the studio. A game like Titanfall 3 most likely wouldn't turn a big enough profit for EA to be happy as an investor and would probably need to keep the running cost low to make it a reality at all.
If you watch the documentary on Titan Fall, you realise it's impossible to continue the franchise, the minds that made it are long gone and Respawn is a shell of what it used to be, especially in terms of creative control. 

They just want our money, that's why they took everything that made Titan Fall iconic out of the apex.
    "the documentary?"
        Yeah wut?
            My old post: [This is the history of it](https://youtu.be/VBX9h8vYiJY)

[..and this is a short doc on the creation of Titan Fall](https://youtu.be/_SvvX_EDWYI)

Basically these guys made the medal of honor franchise, broke out to be independent, made some bad blood in the process. 

Made Titanfall, it got bought out by EA, then EA wanted to kill it cause of the bad blood, and they sandwiched TF2 in-between two huge game releases to squash it. 

So basically no one bought TF2 and they said "look your game sucks, you never should have went independent."

They cancelled TF3, and one of the partners left, and the studio focused on other projects, I think the starwars game... then out of nowhere shoved all of their energy into Apex to force it out fast, with the remnant assets of TF3, to make money off of the IP while it was still relevant.

TF was a passion project lead by two people who basically designed the FPS genre as we know it. They pissed on the industry, and the industry returned the favor by killing Titan Fall and harvesting it's corpse. This is why we can't have TF3 because, EA bought it, killed it, now hates it and doesn't want it to exist, much less want to fix the attacks, and thats not even mentioning the OG creators have split now because of EA...  It's basically impossible.

We are literally just watching a battle between creator and control. And we're supporting the control chain. It's shitty.
                LMAO documentary. It’s a youtube clip someone made with their opinion in it.
                    The doc is the link below that... It's short but it was made with the team.
Tf1 was anything but a flop and TF2 flopped in release and then skyrocketed in recent months. They know the next game will sell like ice cream on a hot day so they most likely will make it
People are also praising respawn for making titanfall 2 somewhat (not fully) playable again. But, do you really believe that TWO people did that, knowing what the hackers can do? I don’t think that respawn has anything to do with it.
I'm getting strong westwood vibes from this
Like a toxic relationship
Either that, or it’s just more titanfall related apex content a la Valkyrie
    Which is garbage. All they did was "oh her backstory ties in with TF2" and gave her a jetpack. That doesn't bring any core gameplay or anything really relevant from tf to apex.
It's probably 3-5 years out at the minimum. Respawn is a smaller studio and is likely working on projects they have contractual obligations for first. I have zero doubt that another Titanfall game is on the studio's future roadmap. It's just easy to get internet points by being either overly hyped up or doompill cynical.
I'm so hyped!
Every once in a while, I like to go to this post, sort the comments by new, and see how many more people have made angry comments. It never disappoints.
    Its not angry, is a reference of a meme

I'm just sad and dissapointed
This has aged so well
Tbh this sub is the best one I follow
Im going to frame this on my wall
Stand by for Titanfall*
    Right, I forgot how it went
Well so does any company since the literal objective is to *make money*
You're right, we might see a spectre for like half a second in a future apex trailer!!!
    Yeah!
At this point I fucking wish they pegged us, all they do is say our name lustfully and go silent for a year
    They say our name, slap our butt and kiss us with that Copium ™️ lipstick
        Am i really gonna be the first one to say that this is getting weird?
            Shhh don’t kill the mood before I even get my lotion
                That is the most cursed comment I’ve witnessed first hand in my 3 years on Reddit (this is a new acc)
                    The most cursed one I saw was someone commenting anything Is a flesh light if you are brave enough. On a video of a snake yawning
                        Wana know the feeling of five gum
                            Oh god
                    First hand…pun intended due to the comment above?
                        I hate you have an upvote
                But that is the problem isn't it. They tease you, and the moment you're ready, lubed up and glistening with oil, they are gone for the next 5 months.
    I can arrange that
    Bruh
I love getting pegged 🥵
    196
    Username checks out.
        God put a love button in your butt for a reason
        Hey, there's nothing weird about a guy who likes getting pegged! Don't kink-shame him lol
EA is the pegger imho
pegging is pretty cool tho
Sounds like a good time to me.
I disagree. According to Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs, sometimes good pussy is more important than a stable relationship.
    Just so your psyche can get fucked over rentless? Alternatives may be considered to achieve sexual needs. Like another sexual partner for example.
        No one fucks like freshmen college girls who have an ambivalent relationship with their father.
            That's not the sort of person I'm referring to. I was trying to mention more of a destructive narcissistic person that doesn't do wonders to your head.
                No one fucks like a 27 year old alcoholic with serious intimacy and commitment issues, and a short temper.
                    No one fucks like a mobile app developer in their mid thirties who smokes weed recreationally and prefers fettuccini to spaghetti
                        I feel like that one isn't true.
                    That's oddly specific...
                        And a great ass.
God titanfall vr would either be awesome or make me vomit...   
     
Or probably both
    I'd love to pilot a ronin in vr
        I'd love to pilot in vr
            I’d love to pilot
                I'd love
                    I’d
                        I’
                            * *
                            ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
            Look up Vox Machinae
        Motion sickness lets fucking gooooo
    With the Medal of Honor game they worked on recently, it wouldn’t surprise me if that’s what they’re working on.

Would definitely have to be mech only though, but could still be fun
    There is a mod that makes this possible with TF|2. Stim users complained of motion sickness, as one would expect.
    the game is too fast in multiplayer to play but vr single player is highly recommended
    You have to ask yourself, is the juice worth the squeeze?
    Imagine two grappling hooks and all you do is fly around attack on titan style until you get your titan
titanfall gates
    OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS 😍🥵🥵🥵
[deleted]
    You forgot Titanfall 2: Opposing force, as well as Titanfall 2: Source
Titanfall vr would either be the greatest vr game or the most nauseating one
Three is a magic number
    It takes three legs to make a tripod or to make a table stand
    Triangle? S-tier shape
Ohhhhh, it all makes sense now!
A community manager I believe went on a stream and answered a question related to Titanfall with: [paraphrased] Titanfall? What can I say about it? It’s an older game from when the Xbox One first launched. We are currently working on so many different other games right now that Titanfall isn’t even on the picture. Just don’t get your hopes up, man. [paraphrased]. Or something like that.
    Ouch, that hurts to hear :(
        Sucks but realistic considering apex is printing money so while we wont get TF3 soon, Respawn is a great developer so future projects will probably be good. Jedi Fallen Order was amazing. I say this as considering TF2 is probably the best shooter ive played
            I also think TF2 is the best shooter out there (if not one of the best games of all time in my opinion), I just hope they can translate that level of greatness from TF2 to future projects whether it's Jedi Fallen Order 2 or by some miracle TF3
                If we're going to be completely honest more than likely they're going to dial down the intensity in the next Titanfall game if they ever make it. The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system. So to retain players they're probably going to have to strip out some of the crazyshit that you could do in Titanfall 2 so that people just don't get absolutely demolished each time they go into a match.
                    That's not true. I'm a noob in every game (even more in fps games) and I can say that titanfall doesn't want you to be skilled for having fun.   


There's lot of cannon fodder that can help a new player both having fun and getting better aim.   


Plus movement system isn't that difficult: you just have to jump, wall run and slide and you're ok to go.  


I repeat that I'm talking as a noob in every game. My aim sucks and I'm not able to improve my general skills.  


Titanfall is completely noob friendly. Apex Legends is the game were low skilled and casual player only become cannon fodder for nerd players that don't have a life out of apex
                        Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
                            That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
                            Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
                        Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
                            The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
                        I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
                            The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
                        I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
                    People always exaggerate titanfall's skill ceiling. Slide hop timing is very lenient, melee+SP+smart core exist, strongest weapons are all those with absurd accuracy+dmg when hip firing. They always designed titanfall with a casual player base in mind.
                    Maybe, but I feel like the main reason why people didn't stay around was that once TF2 was DDossed and hacked into, some people probably thought that it would never be fixed again, so they might have left without looking back. I could be wrong, but I feel like that's the main reason for why people didn't stay around
                        The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
                    >The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system

As opposed to Apex Legends which has the exact same fucking issue? Smurfs will go into low level lobbies and get 20+ kills without even trying. In fact since the TTK is significantly higher in Apex I'd argue that pros have an even bigger advantage over new players
                        Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
                    Or they could....learn to play. Please stop advocating for the further dumbing down of our genre for people wanting to spend $160 to dick waggle in loading screens instead of learning how to play.
                        lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
                        Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
                    Maaaaan. So true. Couldn't they implement a MMR or something?
            with the hype apex has TF3 will be an huge infusion of money if it does not suck.
            I agree that respawn is a great developer, I’m just shocked about MoH: AA

Like, how can the second AAA shooter ever made specifically for VR fail so horribly? It gets put to shame by games made by dudes in their basement
            Apex has its own dedicated office as of ~1 year ago, so Apex isn't gonna be their only focus 24/7. Plus, who said Apex has to dissappear if/when TF3 comes out?
            Calling Respawn a great dev might be a bit of a stretch. Their games have great bases, but they kinda bungle all the administrative parts. Releasing games at bad times, killing TF3 for Apex, not fixing server issues... There's little reason to believe that they'll do the right thing, even if the games they make are good.
                Its possible to grow and learn from mistakes
        Might not be true and they could be told to deny anything on that front, we don't know :D
        That's probably because it's the truth. 

This tweet from respawn is meaningless.
    Sounds like the same thing this tweet is saying tbh. They just put a more positive spin on it.
    > What can I say about it? It’s an older game from when the Xbox One first launched. 

How out of touch is this guy if that's all that game is in his eyes.

I'm not saying Titanfall is a money printing game that sold like 10 million copies, but "just an xbox one game".
        He's out of touch with the community, but I can very easily imagine that statement is very representative of what the people at EA and Respawn feel about the franchise.
    I mean ots understand lwble as they have like 3 pr 4 projects going when including that they are maintaining Apex
That despite the Nvidia "leaks," there are currently no Titanfall games in the works
    Ah ok
    That was a leak off of GeForce now wasnt it? The titanfall games were never in GeForce now to be fair
        Was also a very unconvincing leak.
            Well 3 games on the list got announced afterwards so there has got to be merit to some of it
Yeah, they only really do anything when something comes up that could make them (as a company) look bad, and with how much the media picked up the clip (from one of their own employees), they had to respond to save face
    exactly the old respawn is dead and now its just another ea
        Why does EA have to kill everything I love?
            The frog and the scorpion
                "Lol" said the scorpion, "Lmao"
                Bioware </3
        yeah propably
        I hope one day gamers will learn that the people who make up a development team on any given game are in no way tied to the brand. They will jump ship as soon as a better offer comes up for them. Brand loyalty for a creative product is some of the most naieve shit ever. How many gamers actually watch the credits for the games they play? Find out **who** makes the games that you love and dick ride them instead of the corporate nest egg that pays their salary. It's getting really tired.
            Sadly, many people are too dumb to realize this :(
            Like sports fanatics. Clubs are employers, and players are employees. Don't get it twisted, there is no "big happy family"
    Clip link?
🎶🎵“‘I’m really sorry for punchin your dad in the dick I won’t do it again!’ You make me shake his hand and promise but as I do I ball up my other fist and I punch your dad in the dick again, I punch your dad in his broken dick again!”🎵🎶
    Tom Cardy is a legend.
        For real
        I think he is cool, unfortunately he is also a cop.
    interesting
        What can I say, I’m in a singing mood.
            fair enough lol
lol, cause projects like Titanfall is why Respawn is a thing, not everyone and everything is for-profit
    You don't understand what a business is lol.
        A business runs to make money yes but video games are an industry that rewards passion. Game developers won't be in this business if money is all they want, other industries pay a far lot more than video games do.
Wrong kinda edge lol
    But still not quite wrong either
With the Apex update that was supposed to fix the game and this idk lol. I feel like Perry the platypus when I'm just a platypus m
    >  I feel like Perry the platypus when I'm just a platypus m

....what does that even mean?
        They could be an amazing, skilled super sleuth but instead they are a strange mammal.
            Oh like they are in incognito mode?
                Think of it as awesome mode versus not awesome mode.
        [removed]
            Bro what is happening
Dragon Dragon...rock the Dragon...
I'm active on a second world war community, where half of the discussion and images revolve around the holocaust and various related tragedies. People on that sub are freaking estatic compared to this one since that one ~~dev~~ community manager interview.
    what dev interview?
        A couple days ago a community manager at Respawn was asked in a QnA livestream about Titanfall, which he responded saying that they have so many other games in the works that nothing TF-related is being worked on at all.
Oh boy lemme tell you about TLOU2 then.
We don't do thinking here, respawn bad when titanfall 3?
DOOM 2016 really only took so long because it was in development hell for what, 8 years? Plus, it was a complete reboot of the franchise.
Why does "daddy scorch/mama monarch" reminds me of rule 34? (・_・;)
Its the sub
    Yeah, this sub takes every tiny syllable anyone from Respawn says as a clue to the release of Titanfall 3 like they were two elderly men trying to figure out how Grammy award winning singer Sting murdered Tim Kono.
    This sub is starting to remind me a lot of r/SilentHill. Constant whiplash between “Give up guys, the series is **dead**” and “GUYS LOOK SOMEBODY INCLUDED THE WORD ‘SILENT’ IN THEIR TWEET NEW SILENT HILL GAME CONFIRMED!!11!!!1!1.”

I love both series of games but boy can the constant back and forth be exhausting. I try to just not follow too closely, and only take news of a potential new game seriously if a release date has been announced. Even then I’m skeptical of a cancellation until it’s installed on my console or PC.
Well I mean last time they said tf3 it was apex
    Apex 2 incoming
        Imma kms if that happens
            Remindme! 10 years
            Lol someone sent me the Reddit suicide hotline
            If they got better servers and refunded at least 50% of the vbucks I bought for the first then I'd be ok with an apex 2.
This is what's to be expected when it's in the core of dna clashes with not the most profitable.
I always think Team Fortress when people use the acronym... But in this case, it works both ways.
    Same lol. Both of them have had a long speculated sequel
Well, something definitely in development, even two as I know, but none of them is TF3. First is sequel of Jedi Fallen Order (beautiful game, try it, if haven't played yet) and one unnamed new IP project.
It’s literally only to stop everyone from abandoning apex and leaving respawn to die
HOPIUM
I-I’m sorry
I'm thinking 6 years and a version of titanfalls closer to apex with slower movement and a more generic scifi style rather than a semi-realistic military style
    I’m thinking 2 years and it’s a remastered tf2 for new consoles
        If that remastered titanfall 2 was also on pc and had tweaked balancing and gunplay id buy it tbh
            Dont forget a functional anti cheat. Getting tossed in hacker/sweat lobbies sucks the fun out of the game
        I'm thinking Arby's
    Not to be dramatic but if they put apex’s movement in titanfall 3 I will literally kill myself
        I would to, I dont hate Apex's movement cause I do actually enjoy it a lot but I dont want apex movement anywhere near a titanfall mainline title
        I wouldn't go that far but I would personally ensure NOBODY I know buys the game.
    No not that anything but that
        To be honest its the most likely scenario cause respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 

And I've seen apex's movement get more praise than titanfalls even though titanfalls movement is more fun

If we get titanfall 3 and they don't fuck up the movement i hope self splash damage is reduced and knock back from splash is increased along with a longer time to kill and a focus on projectile weapons and more movement techs to learn
            I mean ofc apex movement will be praised it's a weak ass Titanfall movement. But when apex has 100s of millions of players compared to Titanfall than no shit you're gunna hear more about it.
                you're never going to see mainstream praise for movement like titanfall. sure it's fun but the vast majority of people don't want to sweat so hard just to play the game at a basic level. 

you're underestimating how lazy the average fps player is. they don't want to spend hours learning a complex movement system even if it is awesome.
                Apex has some unique aspects to its movement that makes it stand out from titanfall I would say, apex has some incredibly fun movement but at the end of the day titanfalls core system is way better, apex's movement is only good cause its glitchy as hell allowing for some crazy movement tech 

Respawn intended apex to have very shallow movement and thats how most people play apex sadly 

I dont blame people for being mad about apex replacing TF3
            as an epg main I approve of the last part
            >respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 



Pretty sure they know exactly what the problem was, which was their shitty release date. They're not dumb enough to pretend like they lost to CoD and Battlefield simply because their movement was too advanced in comparison. 


The movement may very well be nerfed a bit, but there's no way they'd bring Pilots down to Legends status.
Do u understand how desperate some of this sub is (I can’t really blame them)
    Bro wdym I'm playing titanfall 3 right now. I'm a whiplash main.
        Fuck whiplash titans, all my homies hate whiplash titans
            I bet you're a fucking bison main you piece of shit
        I thought it interesting that they added the PDW from Apex in to TF3 but it's full auto by default but you can unlock the starburst attachment for it. Especially since it was the other way around in Apex lol
It’ll be released when dead island 2 comes out
    [removed]
        It'll be released when TES6 comes out
            It'll be released hen Half Life 3 comes out
                [removed]
                    It'll be released when the PC 2 comes out
                        It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
                            It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
                    That was uncalled for
        Chess 2 has come out which means titanfall 3 must be coming soon
        https://store.steampowered.com/app/314340/Chess_2_The_Sequel/
    [deleted]
        And dead island 3 comes out next February
    Oh man, please deep silver
When is the next ea thingy?
    Not sure, apparently from a very reliable leaker, Tom Henderson, we will be receiving news abt TF3 early next year during a EA livestream. I’d suggest looking up what he’s said abt TF3 and his track record, very very reliable.
        Thanks gamer, much appreciated
I'm not saying it will happen, it may also never happen. However, games get made years into the future after their previous title released. Only example I can think of is Psychonauts 2. The first game came out over a decade ago, I don't think they planned on making the second one all the way back then. But hey it still came out. Just cause they're not planning on making tf3 now or anytime soon doesn't mean it can never happen
    Dmc 4 and 5 had a difference of 11 years
    Psychonauts was significantly more well known that Titanfall was. Plus the devs didn’t have a different game that their primary focus is on (Apex Legends)
        Unless you have a source I'm gonna have to disagree with you that Psychonauts was more well known than Titanfall. This isn't exactly proof of anything but significantly more people have searched for Titanfall over Psychonauts on google. https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=Psychonauts,Titanfall
Haven’t had mine activated for a long time.
It more like flipping us off to leave them alone, but theres a heart sticker on their middle finger
It began a long time ago. It's just finally time to continue it :')
    Time to reactivate these old bones and get out of retirement.
I don’t want my friends to disappear ._.
The retention failed Titanfall 1 due to poor design. Respawn pushed a fully multiplayer game before the world was ready and tied literally everything with it. This would've worked since the market shift in 2018, but it was far, *far* too early in 2013 (similar to how subscriptions were being killed off until the market shift in 2010 with Netflix; now everything is a subscription again). 

Another issue Titanfall has that keeps it from being successful is the extremely high skill ceiling. Add in the fact that Titanfall is significantly more taxing on subconscious and conscious memory and it makes it unappealing to the silent majority that just wants a game to play after work. That's why CoD is so successful. It literally dumbs down the shooter genre to "shoot the guy with the red name tag" that a lot of people can get behind without actually learning more advanced mechanics. 

Don't get me wrong, Titanfall is a great game. But it's retention has indeed flopped twice even though Titanfall 1's launch was decently received. As long as Titanfall stays with its roots of one of the highest skill ceilings in any shooter, it'll always have the poorest retention rates in the genre. That's just an unfortunate fact. That being said, Respawn makes so much money from Apex that a small, but dedicated player base actually *would* be enough to sustain a Titanfall 3. It's just that it would have to have much slower updates than a game like Apex and be a side project instead of the main title of the studio. A game like Titanfall 3 most likely wouldn't turn a big enough profit for EA to be happy as an investor and would probably need to keep the running cost low to make it a reality at all.
"the documentary?"
    Yeah wut?
        My old post: [This is the history of it](https://youtu.be/VBX9h8vYiJY)

[..and this is a short doc on the creation of Titan Fall](https://youtu.be/_SvvX_EDWYI)

Basically these guys made the medal of honor franchise, broke out to be independent, made some bad blood in the process. 

Made Titanfall, it got bought out by EA, then EA wanted to kill it cause of the bad blood, and they sandwiched TF2 in-between two huge game releases to squash it. 

So basically no one bought TF2 and they said "look your game sucks, you never should have went independent."

They cancelled TF3, and one of the partners left, and the studio focused on other projects, I think the starwars game... then out of nowhere shoved all of their energy into Apex to force it out fast, with the remnant assets of TF3, to make money off of the IP while it was still relevant.

TF was a passion project lead by two people who basically designed the FPS genre as we know it. They pissed on the industry, and the industry returned the favor by killing Titan Fall and harvesting it's corpse. This is why we can't have TF3 because, EA bought it, killed it, now hates it and doesn't want it to exist, much less want to fix the attacks, and thats not even mentioning the OG creators have split now because of EA...  It's basically impossible.

We are literally just watching a battle between creator and control. And we're supporting the control chain. It's shitty.
            LMAO documentary. It’s a youtube clip someone made with their opinion in it.
                The doc is the link below that... It's short but it was made with the team.
Which is garbage. All they did was "oh her backstory ties in with TF2" and gave her a jetpack. That doesn't bring any core gameplay or anything really relevant from tf to apex.
Its not angry, is a reference of a meme

I'm just sad and dissapointed
Right, I forgot how it went
Yeah!
They say our name, slap our butt and kiss us with that Copium ™️ lipstick
    Am i really gonna be the first one to say that this is getting weird?
        Shhh don’t kill the mood before I even get my lotion
            That is the most cursed comment I’ve witnessed first hand in my 3 years on Reddit (this is a new acc)
                The most cursed one I saw was someone commenting anything Is a flesh light if you are brave enough. On a video of a snake yawning
                    Wana know the feeling of five gum
                        Oh god
                First hand…pun intended due to the comment above?
                    I hate you have an upvote
            But that is the problem isn't it. They tease you, and the moment you're ready, lubed up and glistening with oil, they are gone for the next 5 months.
I can arrange that
Bruh
196
Username checks out.
    God put a love button in your butt for a reason
    Hey, there's nothing weird about a guy who likes getting pegged! Don't kink-shame him lol
Just so your psyche can get fucked over rentless? Alternatives may be considered to achieve sexual needs. Like another sexual partner for example.
    No one fucks like freshmen college girls who have an ambivalent relationship with their father.
        That's not the sort of person I'm referring to. I was trying to mention more of a destructive narcissistic person that doesn't do wonders to your head.
            No one fucks like a 27 year old alcoholic with serious intimacy and commitment issues, and a short temper.
                No one fucks like a mobile app developer in their mid thirties who smokes weed recreationally and prefers fettuccini to spaghetti
                    I feel like that one isn't true.
                That's oddly specific...
                    And a great ass.
I'd love to pilot a ronin in vr
    I'd love to pilot in vr
        I’d love to pilot
            I'd love
                I’d
                    I’
                        * *
                        ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
        Look up Vox Machinae
    Motion sickness lets fucking gooooo
With the Medal of Honor game they worked on recently, it wouldn’t surprise me if that’s what they’re working on.

Would definitely have to be mech only though, but could still be fun
There is a mod that makes this possible with TF|2. Stim users complained of motion sickness, as one would expect.
the game is too fast in multiplayer to play but vr single player is highly recommended
You have to ask yourself, is the juice worth the squeeze?
Imagine two grappling hooks and all you do is fly around attack on titan style until you get your titan
OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS 😍🥵🥵🥵
You forgot Titanfall 2: Opposing force, as well as Titanfall 2: Source
It takes three legs to make a tripod or to make a table stand
Triangle? S-tier shape
Ouch, that hurts to hear :(
    Sucks but realistic considering apex is printing money so while we wont get TF3 soon, Respawn is a great developer so future projects will probably be good. Jedi Fallen Order was amazing. I say this as considering TF2 is probably the best shooter ive played
        I also think TF2 is the best shooter out there (if not one of the best games of all time in my opinion), I just hope they can translate that level of greatness from TF2 to future projects whether it's Jedi Fallen Order 2 or by some miracle TF3
            If we're going to be completely honest more than likely they're going to dial down the intensity in the next Titanfall game if they ever make it. The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system. So to retain players they're probably going to have to strip out some of the crazyshit that you could do in Titanfall 2 so that people just don't get absolutely demolished each time they go into a match.
                That's not true. I'm a noob in every game (even more in fps games) and I can say that titanfall doesn't want you to be skilled for having fun.   


There's lot of cannon fodder that can help a new player both having fun and getting better aim.   


Plus movement system isn't that difficult: you just have to jump, wall run and slide and you're ok to go.  


I repeat that I'm talking as a noob in every game. My aim sucks and I'm not able to improve my general skills.  


Titanfall is completely noob friendly. Apex Legends is the game were low skilled and casual player only become cannon fodder for nerd players that don't have a life out of apex
                    Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
                        That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
                        Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
                    Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
                        The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
                    I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
                        The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
                    I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
                People always exaggerate titanfall's skill ceiling. Slide hop timing is very lenient, melee+SP+smart core exist, strongest weapons are all those with absurd accuracy+dmg when hip firing. They always designed titanfall with a casual player base in mind.
                Maybe, but I feel like the main reason why people didn't stay around was that once TF2 was DDossed and hacked into, some people probably thought that it would never be fixed again, so they might have left without looking back. I could be wrong, but I feel like that's the main reason for why people didn't stay around
                    The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
                >The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system

As opposed to Apex Legends which has the exact same fucking issue? Smurfs will go into low level lobbies and get 20+ kills without even trying. In fact since the TTK is significantly higher in Apex I'd argue that pros have an even bigger advantage over new players
                    Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
                Or they could....learn to play. Please stop advocating for the further dumbing down of our genre for people wanting to spend $160 to dick waggle in loading screens instead of learning how to play.
                    lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
                    Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
                Maaaaan. So true. Couldn't they implement a MMR or something?
        with the hype apex has TF3 will be an huge infusion of money if it does not suck.
        I agree that respawn is a great developer, I’m just shocked about MoH: AA

Like, how can the second AAA shooter ever made specifically for VR fail so horribly? It gets put to shame by games made by dudes in their basement
        Apex has its own dedicated office as of ~1 year ago, so Apex isn't gonna be their only focus 24/7. Plus, who said Apex has to dissappear if/when TF3 comes out?
        Calling Respawn a great dev might be a bit of a stretch. Their games have great bases, but they kinda bungle all the administrative parts. Releasing games at bad times, killing TF3 for Apex, not fixing server issues... There's little reason to believe that they'll do the right thing, even if the games they make are good.
            Its possible to grow and learn from mistakes
    Might not be true and they could be told to deny anything on that front, we don't know :D
    That's probably because it's the truth. 

This tweet from respawn is meaningless.
Sounds like the same thing this tweet is saying tbh. They just put a more positive spin on it.
> What can I say about it? It’s an older game from when the Xbox One first launched. 

How out of touch is this guy if that's all that game is in his eyes.

I'm not saying Titanfall is a money printing game that sold like 10 million copies, but "just an xbox one game".
    He's out of touch with the community, but I can very easily imagine that statement is very representative of what the people at EA and Respawn feel about the franchise.
I mean ots understand lwble as they have like 3 pr 4 projects going when including that they are maintaining Apex
Ah ok
That was a leak off of GeForce now wasnt it? The titanfall games were never in GeForce now to be fair
    Was also a very unconvincing leak.
        Well 3 games on the list got announced afterwards so there has got to be merit to some of it
exactly the old respawn is dead and now its just another ea
    Why does EA have to kill everything I love?
        The frog and the scorpion
            "Lol" said the scorpion, "Lmao"
            Bioware </3
    yeah propably
    I hope one day gamers will learn that the people who make up a development team on any given game are in no way tied to the brand. They will jump ship as soon as a better offer comes up for them. Brand loyalty for a creative product is some of the most naieve shit ever. How many gamers actually watch the credits for the games they play? Find out **who** makes the games that you love and dick ride them instead of the corporate nest egg that pays their salary. It's getting really tired.
        Sadly, many people are too dumb to realize this :(
        Like sports fanatics. Clubs are employers, and players are employees. Don't get it twisted, there is no "big happy family"
Clip link?
Tom Cardy is a legend.
    For real
    I think he is cool, unfortunately he is also a cop.
interesting
    What can I say, I’m in a singing mood.
        fair enough lol
You don't understand what a business is lol.
    A business runs to make money yes but video games are an industry that rewards passion. Game developers won't be in this business if money is all they want, other industries pay a far lot more than video games do.
But still not quite wrong either
>  I feel like Perry the platypus when I'm just a platypus m

....what does that even mean?
    They could be an amazing, skilled super sleuth but instead they are a strange mammal.
        Oh like they are in incognito mode?
            Think of it as awesome mode versus not awesome mode.
    [removed]
        Bro what is happening
what dev interview?
    A couple days ago a community manager at Respawn was asked in a QnA livestream about Titanfall, which he responded saying that they have so many other games in the works that nothing TF-related is being worked on at all.
Yeah, this sub takes every tiny syllable anyone from Respawn says as a clue to the release of Titanfall 3 like they were two elderly men trying to figure out how Grammy award winning singer Sting murdered Tim Kono.
This sub is starting to remind me a lot of r/SilentHill. Constant whiplash between “Give up guys, the series is **dead**” and “GUYS LOOK SOMEBODY INCLUDED THE WORD ‘SILENT’ IN THEIR TWEET NEW SILENT HILL GAME CONFIRMED!!11!!!1!1.”

I love both series of games but boy can the constant back and forth be exhausting. I try to just not follow too closely, and only take news of a potential new game seriously if a release date has been announced. Even then I’m skeptical of a cancellation until it’s installed on my console or PC.
Apex 2 incoming
    Imma kms if that happens
        Remindme! 10 years
        Lol someone sent me the Reddit suicide hotline
        If they got better servers and refunded at least 50% of the vbucks I bought for the first then I'd be ok with an apex 2.
Same lol. Both of them have had a long speculated sequel
I’m thinking 2 years and it’s a remastered tf2 for new consoles
    If that remastered titanfall 2 was also on pc and had tweaked balancing and gunplay id buy it tbh
        Dont forget a functional anti cheat. Getting tossed in hacker/sweat lobbies sucks the fun out of the game
    I'm thinking Arby's
Not to be dramatic but if they put apex’s movement in titanfall 3 I will literally kill myself
    I would to, I dont hate Apex's movement cause I do actually enjoy it a lot but I dont want apex movement anywhere near a titanfall mainline title
    I wouldn't go that far but I would personally ensure NOBODY I know buys the game.
No not that anything but that
    To be honest its the most likely scenario cause respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 

And I've seen apex's movement get more praise than titanfalls even though titanfalls movement is more fun

If we get titanfall 3 and they don't fuck up the movement i hope self splash damage is reduced and knock back from splash is increased along with a longer time to kill and a focus on projectile weapons and more movement techs to learn
        I mean ofc apex movement will be praised it's a weak ass Titanfall movement. But when apex has 100s of millions of players compared to Titanfall than no shit you're gunna hear more about it.
            you're never going to see mainstream praise for movement like titanfall. sure it's fun but the vast majority of people don't want to sweat so hard just to play the game at a basic level. 

you're underestimating how lazy the average fps player is. they don't want to spend hours learning a complex movement system even if it is awesome.
            Apex has some unique aspects to its movement that makes it stand out from titanfall I would say, apex has some incredibly fun movement but at the end of the day titanfalls core system is way better, apex's movement is only good cause its glitchy as hell allowing for some crazy movement tech 

Respawn intended apex to have very shallow movement and thats how most people play apex sadly 

I dont blame people for being mad about apex replacing TF3
        as an epg main I approve of the last part
        >respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 



Pretty sure they know exactly what the problem was, which was their shitty release date. They're not dumb enough to pretend like they lost to CoD and Battlefield simply because their movement was too advanced in comparison. 


The movement may very well be nerfed a bit, but there's no way they'd bring Pilots down to Legends status.
Bro wdym I'm playing titanfall 3 right now. I'm a whiplash main.
    Fuck whiplash titans, all my homies hate whiplash titans
        I bet you're a fucking bison main you piece of shit
    I thought it interesting that they added the PDW from Apex in to TF3 but it's full auto by default but you can unlock the starburst attachment for it. Especially since it was the other way around in Apex lol
[removed]
    It'll be released when TES6 comes out
        It'll be released hen Half Life 3 comes out
            [removed]
                It'll be released when the PC 2 comes out
                    It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
                        It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
                That was uncalled for
    Chess 2 has come out which means titanfall 3 must be coming soon
    https://store.steampowered.com/app/314340/Chess_2_The_Sequel/
[deleted]
    And dead island 3 comes out next February
Oh man, please deep silver
Not sure, apparently from a very reliable leaker, Tom Henderson, we will be receiving news abt TF3 early next year during a EA livestream. I’d suggest looking up what he’s said abt TF3 and his track record, very very reliable.
    Thanks gamer, much appreciated
Dmc 4 and 5 had a difference of 11 years
Psychonauts was significantly more well known that Titanfall was. Plus the devs didn’t have a different game that their primary focus is on (Apex Legends)
    Unless you have a source I'm gonna have to disagree with you that Psychonauts was more well known than Titanfall. This isn't exactly proof of anything but significantly more people have searched for Titanfall over Psychonauts on google. https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=Psychonauts,Titanfall
Time to reactivate these old bones and get out of retirement.
Yeah wut?
    My old post: [This is the history of it](https://youtu.be/VBX9h8vYiJY)

[..and this is a short doc on the creation of Titan Fall](https://youtu.be/_SvvX_EDWYI)

Basically these guys made the medal of honor franchise, broke out to be independent, made some bad blood in the process. 

Made Titanfall, it got bought out by EA, then EA wanted to kill it cause of the bad blood, and they sandwiched TF2 in-between two huge game releases to squash it. 

So basically no one bought TF2 and they said "look your game sucks, you never should have went independent."

They cancelled TF3, and one of the partners left, and the studio focused on other projects, I think the starwars game... then out of nowhere shoved all of their energy into Apex to force it out fast, with the remnant assets of TF3, to make money off of the IP while it was still relevant.

TF was a passion project lead by two people who basically designed the FPS genre as we know it. They pissed on the industry, and the industry returned the favor by killing Titan Fall and harvesting it's corpse. This is why we can't have TF3 because, EA bought it, killed it, now hates it and doesn't want it to exist, much less want to fix the attacks, and thats not even mentioning the OG creators have split now because of EA...  It's basically impossible.

We are literally just watching a battle between creator and control. And we're supporting the control chain. It's shitty.
        LMAO documentary. It’s a youtube clip someone made with their opinion in it.
            The doc is the link below that... It's short but it was made with the team.
Am i really gonna be the first one to say that this is getting weird?
    Shhh don’t kill the mood before I even get my lotion
        That is the most cursed comment I’ve witnessed first hand in my 3 years on Reddit (this is a new acc)
            The most cursed one I saw was someone commenting anything Is a flesh light if you are brave enough. On a video of a snake yawning
                Wana know the feeling of five gum
                    Oh god
            First hand…pun intended due to the comment above?
                I hate you have an upvote
        But that is the problem isn't it. They tease you, and the moment you're ready, lubed up and glistening with oil, they are gone for the next 5 months.
God put a love button in your butt for a reason
Hey, there's nothing weird about a guy who likes getting pegged! Don't kink-shame him lol
No one fucks like freshmen college girls who have an ambivalent relationship with their father.
    That's not the sort of person I'm referring to. I was trying to mention more of a destructive narcissistic person that doesn't do wonders to your head.
        No one fucks like a 27 year old alcoholic with serious intimacy and commitment issues, and a short temper.
            No one fucks like a mobile app developer in their mid thirties who smokes weed recreationally and prefers fettuccini to spaghetti
                I feel like that one isn't true.
            That's oddly specific...
                And a great ass.
I'd love to pilot in vr
    I’d love to pilot
        I'd love
            I’d
                I’
                    * *
                    ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
    Look up Vox Machinae
Motion sickness lets fucking gooooo
Sucks but realistic considering apex is printing money so while we wont get TF3 soon, Respawn is a great developer so future projects will probably be good. Jedi Fallen Order was amazing. I say this as considering TF2 is probably the best shooter ive played
    I also think TF2 is the best shooter out there (if not one of the best games of all time in my opinion), I just hope they can translate that level of greatness from TF2 to future projects whether it's Jedi Fallen Order 2 or by some miracle TF3
        If we're going to be completely honest more than likely they're going to dial down the intensity in the next Titanfall game if they ever make it. The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system. So to retain players they're probably going to have to strip out some of the crazyshit that you could do in Titanfall 2 so that people just don't get absolutely demolished each time they go into a match.
            That's not true. I'm a noob in every game (even more in fps games) and I can say that titanfall doesn't want you to be skilled for having fun.   


There's lot of cannon fodder that can help a new player both having fun and getting better aim.   


Plus movement system isn't that difficult: you just have to jump, wall run and slide and you're ok to go.  


I repeat that I'm talking as a noob in every game. My aim sucks and I'm not able to improve my general skills.  


Titanfall is completely noob friendly. Apex Legends is the game were low skilled and casual player only become cannon fodder for nerd players that don't have a life out of apex
                Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
                    That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
                    Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
                Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
                    The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
                I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
                    The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
                I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
            People always exaggerate titanfall's skill ceiling. Slide hop timing is very lenient, melee+SP+smart core exist, strongest weapons are all those with absurd accuracy+dmg when hip firing. They always designed titanfall with a casual player base in mind.
            Maybe, but I feel like the main reason why people didn't stay around was that once TF2 was DDossed and hacked into, some people probably thought that it would never be fixed again, so they might have left without looking back. I could be wrong, but I feel like that's the main reason for why people didn't stay around
                The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
            >The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system

As opposed to Apex Legends which has the exact same fucking issue? Smurfs will go into low level lobbies and get 20+ kills without even trying. In fact since the TTK is significantly higher in Apex I'd argue that pros have an even bigger advantage over new players
                Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
            Or they could....learn to play. Please stop advocating for the further dumbing down of our genre for people wanting to spend $160 to dick waggle in loading screens instead of learning how to play.
                lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
                Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
            Maaaaan. So true. Couldn't they implement a MMR or something?
    with the hype apex has TF3 will be an huge infusion of money if it does not suck.
    I agree that respawn is a great developer, I’m just shocked about MoH: AA

Like, how can the second AAA shooter ever made specifically for VR fail so horribly? It gets put to shame by games made by dudes in their basement
    Apex has its own dedicated office as of ~1 year ago, so Apex isn't gonna be their only focus 24/7. Plus, who said Apex has to dissappear if/when TF3 comes out?
    Calling Respawn a great dev might be a bit of a stretch. Their games have great bases, but they kinda bungle all the administrative parts. Releasing games at bad times, killing TF3 for Apex, not fixing server issues... There's little reason to believe that they'll do the right thing, even if the games they make are good.
        Its possible to grow and learn from mistakes
Might not be true and they could be told to deny anything on that front, we don't know :D
That's probably because it's the truth. 

This tweet from respawn is meaningless.
He's out of touch with the community, but I can very easily imagine that statement is very representative of what the people at EA and Respawn feel about the franchise.
Was also a very unconvincing leak.
    Well 3 games on the list got announced afterwards so there has got to be merit to some of it
Why does EA have to kill everything I love?
    The frog and the scorpion
        "Lol" said the scorpion, "Lmao"
        Bioware </3
yeah propably
I hope one day gamers will learn that the people who make up a development team on any given game are in no way tied to the brand. They will jump ship as soon as a better offer comes up for them. Brand loyalty for a creative product is some of the most naieve shit ever. How many gamers actually watch the credits for the games they play? Find out **who** makes the games that you love and dick ride them instead of the corporate nest egg that pays their salary. It's getting really tired.
    Sadly, many people are too dumb to realize this :(
    Like sports fanatics. Clubs are employers, and players are employees. Don't get it twisted, there is no "big happy family"
For real
I think he is cool, unfortunately he is also a cop.
What can I say, I’m in a singing mood.
    fair enough lol
A business runs to make money yes but video games are an industry that rewards passion. Game developers won't be in this business if money is all they want, other industries pay a far lot more than video games do.
They could be an amazing, skilled super sleuth but instead they are a strange mammal.
    Oh like they are in incognito mode?
        Think of it as awesome mode versus not awesome mode.
[removed]
    Bro what is happening
A couple days ago a community manager at Respawn was asked in a QnA livestream about Titanfall, which he responded saying that they have so many other games in the works that nothing TF-related is being worked on at all.
Imma kms if that happens
    Remindme! 10 years
    Lol someone sent me the Reddit suicide hotline
    If they got better servers and refunded at least 50% of the vbucks I bought for the first then I'd be ok with an apex 2.
If that remastered titanfall 2 was also on pc and had tweaked balancing and gunplay id buy it tbh
    Dont forget a functional anti cheat. Getting tossed in hacker/sweat lobbies sucks the fun out of the game
I'm thinking Arby's
I would to, I dont hate Apex's movement cause I do actually enjoy it a lot but I dont want apex movement anywhere near a titanfall mainline title
I wouldn't go that far but I would personally ensure NOBODY I know buys the game.
To be honest its the most likely scenario cause respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 

And I've seen apex's movement get more praise than titanfalls even though titanfalls movement is more fun

If we get titanfall 3 and they don't fuck up the movement i hope self splash damage is reduced and knock back from splash is increased along with a longer time to kill and a focus on projectile weapons and more movement techs to learn
    I mean ofc apex movement will be praised it's a weak ass Titanfall movement. But when apex has 100s of millions of players compared to Titanfall than no shit you're gunna hear more about it.
        you're never going to see mainstream praise for movement like titanfall. sure it's fun but the vast majority of people don't want to sweat so hard just to play the game at a basic level. 

you're underestimating how lazy the average fps player is. they don't want to spend hours learning a complex movement system even if it is awesome.
        Apex has some unique aspects to its movement that makes it stand out from titanfall I would say, apex has some incredibly fun movement but at the end of the day titanfalls core system is way better, apex's movement is only good cause its glitchy as hell allowing for some crazy movement tech 

Respawn intended apex to have very shallow movement and thats how most people play apex sadly 

I dont blame people for being mad about apex replacing TF3
    as an epg main I approve of the last part
    >respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 



Pretty sure they know exactly what the problem was, which was their shitty release date. They're not dumb enough to pretend like they lost to CoD and Battlefield simply because their movement was too advanced in comparison. 


The movement may very well be nerfed a bit, but there's no way they'd bring Pilots down to Legends status.
Fuck whiplash titans, all my homies hate whiplash titans
    I bet you're a fucking bison main you piece of shit
I thought it interesting that they added the PDW from Apex in to TF3 but it's full auto by default but you can unlock the starburst attachment for it. Especially since it was the other way around in Apex lol
It'll be released when TES6 comes out
    It'll be released hen Half Life 3 comes out
        [removed]
            It'll be released when the PC 2 comes out
                It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
                    It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
            That was uncalled for
Chess 2 has come out which means titanfall 3 must be coming soon
https://store.steampowered.com/app/314340/Chess_2_The_Sequel/
And dead island 3 comes out next February
Thanks gamer, much appreciated
Unless you have a source I'm gonna have to disagree with you that Psychonauts was more well known than Titanfall. This isn't exactly proof of anything but significantly more people have searched for Titanfall over Psychonauts on google. https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=Psychonauts,Titanfall
My old post: [This is the history of it](https://youtu.be/VBX9h8vYiJY)

[..and this is a short doc on the creation of Titan Fall](https://youtu.be/_SvvX_EDWYI)

Basically these guys made the medal of honor franchise, broke out to be independent, made some bad blood in the process. 

Made Titanfall, it got bought out by EA, then EA wanted to kill it cause of the bad blood, and they sandwiched TF2 in-between two huge game releases to squash it. 

So basically no one bought TF2 and they said "look your game sucks, you never should have went independent."

They cancelled TF3, and one of the partners left, and the studio focused on other projects, I think the starwars game... then out of nowhere shoved all of their energy into Apex to force it out fast, with the remnant assets of TF3, to make money off of the IP while it was still relevant.

TF was a passion project lead by two people who basically designed the FPS genre as we know it. They pissed on the industry, and the industry returned the favor by killing Titan Fall and harvesting it's corpse. This is why we can't have TF3 because, EA bought it, killed it, now hates it and doesn't want it to exist, much less want to fix the attacks, and thats not even mentioning the OG creators have split now because of EA...  It's basically impossible.

We are literally just watching a battle between creator and control. And we're supporting the control chain. It's shitty.
    LMAO documentary. It’s a youtube clip someone made with their opinion in it.
        The doc is the link below that... It's short but it was made with the team.
Shhh don’t kill the mood before I even get my lotion
    That is the most cursed comment I’ve witnessed first hand in my 3 years on Reddit (this is a new acc)
        The most cursed one I saw was someone commenting anything Is a flesh light if you are brave enough. On a video of a snake yawning
            Wana know the feeling of five gum
                Oh god
        First hand…pun intended due to the comment above?
            I hate you have an upvote
    But that is the problem isn't it. They tease you, and the moment you're ready, lubed up and glistening with oil, they are gone for the next 5 months.
That's not the sort of person I'm referring to. I was trying to mention more of a destructive narcissistic person that doesn't do wonders to your head.
    No one fucks like a 27 year old alcoholic with serious intimacy and commitment issues, and a short temper.
        No one fucks like a mobile app developer in their mid thirties who smokes weed recreationally and prefers fettuccini to spaghetti
            I feel like that one isn't true.
        That's oddly specific...
            And a great ass.
I’d love to pilot
    I'd love
        I’d
            I’
                * *
                ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
Look up Vox Machinae
I also think TF2 is the best shooter out there (if not one of the best games of all time in my opinion), I just hope they can translate that level of greatness from TF2 to future projects whether it's Jedi Fallen Order 2 or by some miracle TF3
    If we're going to be completely honest more than likely they're going to dial down the intensity in the next Titanfall game if they ever make it. The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system. So to retain players they're probably going to have to strip out some of the crazyshit that you could do in Titanfall 2 so that people just don't get absolutely demolished each time they go into a match.
        That's not true. I'm a noob in every game (even more in fps games) and I can say that titanfall doesn't want you to be skilled for having fun.   


There's lot of cannon fodder that can help a new player both having fun and getting better aim.   


Plus movement system isn't that difficult: you just have to jump, wall run and slide and you're ok to go.  


I repeat that I'm talking as a noob in every game. My aim sucks and I'm not able to improve my general skills.  


Titanfall is completely noob friendly. Apex Legends is the game were low skilled and casual player only become cannon fodder for nerd players that don't have a life out of apex
            Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
                That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
                Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
            Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
                The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
            I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
                The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
            I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
        People always exaggerate titanfall's skill ceiling. Slide hop timing is very lenient, melee+SP+smart core exist, strongest weapons are all those with absurd accuracy+dmg when hip firing. They always designed titanfall with a casual player base in mind.
        Maybe, but I feel like the main reason why people didn't stay around was that once TF2 was DDossed and hacked into, some people probably thought that it would never be fixed again, so they might have left without looking back. I could be wrong, but I feel like that's the main reason for why people didn't stay around
            The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
        >The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system

As opposed to Apex Legends which has the exact same fucking issue? Smurfs will go into low level lobbies and get 20+ kills without even trying. In fact since the TTK is significantly higher in Apex I'd argue that pros have an even bigger advantage over new players
            Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
        Or they could....learn to play. Please stop advocating for the further dumbing down of our genre for people wanting to spend $160 to dick waggle in loading screens instead of learning how to play.
            lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
            Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
        Maaaaan. So true. Couldn't they implement a MMR or something?
with the hype apex has TF3 will be an huge infusion of money if it does not suck.
I agree that respawn is a great developer, I’m just shocked about MoH: AA

Like, how can the second AAA shooter ever made specifically for VR fail so horribly? It gets put to shame by games made by dudes in their basement
Apex has its own dedicated office as of ~1 year ago, so Apex isn't gonna be their only focus 24/7. Plus, who said Apex has to dissappear if/when TF3 comes out?
Calling Respawn a great dev might be a bit of a stretch. Their games have great bases, but they kinda bungle all the administrative parts. Releasing games at bad times, killing TF3 for Apex, not fixing server issues... There's little reason to believe that they'll do the right thing, even if the games they make are good.
    Its possible to grow and learn from mistakes
Well 3 games on the list got announced afterwards so there has got to be merit to some of it
The frog and the scorpion
    "Lol" said the scorpion, "Lmao"
    Bioware </3
Sadly, many people are too dumb to realize this :(
Like sports fanatics. Clubs are employers, and players are employees. Don't get it twisted, there is no "big happy family"
fair enough lol
Oh like they are in incognito mode?
    Think of it as awesome mode versus not awesome mode.
Bro what is happening
Remindme! 10 years
Lol someone sent me the Reddit suicide hotline
If they got better servers and refunded at least 50% of the vbucks I bought for the first then I'd be ok with an apex 2.
Dont forget a functional anti cheat. Getting tossed in hacker/sweat lobbies sucks the fun out of the game
I mean ofc apex movement will be praised it's a weak ass Titanfall movement. But when apex has 100s of millions of players compared to Titanfall than no shit you're gunna hear more about it.
    you're never going to see mainstream praise for movement like titanfall. sure it's fun but the vast majority of people don't want to sweat so hard just to play the game at a basic level. 

you're underestimating how lazy the average fps player is. they don't want to spend hours learning a complex movement system even if it is awesome.
    Apex has some unique aspects to its movement that makes it stand out from titanfall I would say, apex has some incredibly fun movement but at the end of the day titanfalls core system is way better, apex's movement is only good cause its glitchy as hell allowing for some crazy movement tech 

Respawn intended apex to have very shallow movement and thats how most people play apex sadly 

I dont blame people for being mad about apex replacing TF3
as an epg main I approve of the last part
>respawn might see the advanced movement in titanfall as the reason it failed 



Pretty sure they know exactly what the problem was, which was their shitty release date. They're not dumb enough to pretend like they lost to CoD and Battlefield simply because their movement was too advanced in comparison. 


The movement may very well be nerfed a bit, but there's no way they'd bring Pilots down to Legends status.
I bet you're a fucking bison main you piece of shit
It'll be released hen Half Life 3 comes out
    [removed]
        It'll be released when the PC 2 comes out
            It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
                It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
        That was uncalled for
LMAO documentary. It’s a youtube clip someone made with their opinion in it.
    The doc is the link below that... It's short but it was made with the team.
That is the most cursed comment I’ve witnessed first hand in my 3 years on Reddit (this is a new acc)
    The most cursed one I saw was someone commenting anything Is a flesh light if you are brave enough. On a video of a snake yawning
        Wana know the feeling of five gum
            Oh god
    First hand…pun intended due to the comment above?
        I hate you have an upvote
But that is the problem isn't it. They tease you, and the moment you're ready, lubed up and glistening with oil, they are gone for the next 5 months.
No one fucks like a 27 year old alcoholic with serious intimacy and commitment issues, and a short temper.
    No one fucks like a mobile app developer in their mid thirties who smokes weed recreationally and prefers fettuccini to spaghetti
        I feel like that one isn't true.
    That's oddly specific...
        And a great ass.
I'd love
    I’d
        I’
            * *
            ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
If we're going to be completely honest more than likely they're going to dial down the intensity in the next Titanfall game if they ever make it. The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system. So to retain players they're probably going to have to strip out some of the crazyshit that you could do in Titanfall 2 so that people just don't get absolutely demolished each time they go into a match.
    That's not true. I'm a noob in every game (even more in fps games) and I can say that titanfall doesn't want you to be skilled for having fun.   


There's lot of cannon fodder that can help a new player both having fun and getting better aim.   


Plus movement system isn't that difficult: you just have to jump, wall run and slide and you're ok to go.  


I repeat that I'm talking as a noob in every game. My aim sucks and I'm not able to improve my general skills.  


Titanfall is completely noob friendly. Apex Legends is the game were low skilled and casual player only become cannon fodder for nerd players that don't have a life out of apex
        Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
            That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
            Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
        Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
            The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
        I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
            The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
        I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
    People always exaggerate titanfall's skill ceiling. Slide hop timing is very lenient, melee+SP+smart core exist, strongest weapons are all those with absurd accuracy+dmg when hip firing. They always designed titanfall with a casual player base in mind.
    Maybe, but I feel like the main reason why people didn't stay around was that once TF2 was DDossed and hacked into, some people probably thought that it would never be fixed again, so they might have left without looking back. I could be wrong, but I feel like that's the main reason for why people didn't stay around
        The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
    >The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system

As opposed to Apex Legends which has the exact same fucking issue? Smurfs will go into low level lobbies and get 20+ kills without even trying. In fact since the TTK is significantly higher in Apex I'd argue that pros have an even bigger advantage over new players
        Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
    Or they could....learn to play. Please stop advocating for the further dumbing down of our genre for people wanting to spend $160 to dick waggle in loading screens instead of learning how to play.
        lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
        Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
    Maaaaan. So true. Couldn't they implement a MMR or something?
Its possible to grow and learn from mistakes
"Lol" said the scorpion, "Lmao"
Bioware </3
Think of it as awesome mode versus not awesome mode.
you're never going to see mainstream praise for movement like titanfall. sure it's fun but the vast majority of people don't want to sweat so hard just to play the game at a basic level. 

you're underestimating how lazy the average fps player is. they don't want to spend hours learning a complex movement system even if it is awesome.
Apex has some unique aspects to its movement that makes it stand out from titanfall I would say, apex has some incredibly fun movement but at the end of the day titanfalls core system is way better, apex's movement is only good cause its glitchy as hell allowing for some crazy movement tech 

Respawn intended apex to have very shallow movement and thats how most people play apex sadly 

I dont blame people for being mad about apex replacing TF3
[removed]
    It'll be released when the PC 2 comes out
        It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
            It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
    That was uncalled for
The doc is the link below that... It's short but it was made with the team.
The most cursed one I saw was someone commenting anything Is a flesh light if you are brave enough. On a video of a snake yawning
    Wana know the feeling of five gum
        Oh god
First hand…pun intended due to the comment above?
    I hate you have an upvote
No one fucks like a mobile app developer in their mid thirties who smokes weed recreationally and prefers fettuccini to spaghetti
    I feel like that one isn't true.
That's oddly specific...
    And a great ass.
I’d
    I’
        * *
        ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
That's not true. I'm a noob in every game (even more in fps games) and I can say that titanfall doesn't want you to be skilled for having fun.   


There's lot of cannon fodder that can help a new player both having fun and getting better aim.   


Plus movement system isn't that difficult: you just have to jump, wall run and slide and you're ok to go.  


I repeat that I'm talking as a noob in every game. My aim sucks and I'm not able to improve my general skills.  


Titanfall is completely noob friendly. Apex Legends is the game were low skilled and casual player only become cannon fodder for nerd players that don't have a life out of apex
    Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
        That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
        Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
    Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
        The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
    I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
        The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
    I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
People always exaggerate titanfall's skill ceiling. Slide hop timing is very lenient, melee+SP+smart core exist, strongest weapons are all those with absurd accuracy+dmg when hip firing. They always designed titanfall with a casual player base in mind.
Maybe, but I feel like the main reason why people didn't stay around was that once TF2 was DDossed and hacked into, some people probably thought that it would never be fixed again, so they might have left without looking back. I could be wrong, but I feel like that's the main reason for why people didn't stay around
    The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
>The biggest reason why people didn't stay around for Titanfall 2 is because the skill ceiling was so high. Newer players would just get stomped into the ground by players who understood the entire movement system

As opposed to Apex Legends which has the exact same fucking issue? Smurfs will go into low level lobbies and get 20+ kills without even trying. In fact since the TTK is significantly higher in Apex I'd argue that pros have an even bigger advantage over new players
    Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
Or they could....learn to play. Please stop advocating for the further dumbing down of our genre for people wanting to spend $160 to dick waggle in loading screens instead of learning how to play.
    lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
    Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
Maaaaan. So true. Couldn't they implement a MMR or something?
It'll be released when the PC 2 comes out
    It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
        It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
That was uncalled for
Wana know the feeling of five gum
    Oh god
I hate you have an upvote
I feel like that one isn't true.
And a great ass.
I’
    * *
    ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
Dying in Titanfall is more forgiving than Apex. I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down
    That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
    Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
Agreed. Every time I go back to Apex I end up rage quitting. Titanfall 2 just keeps me coming back over and over again. My theory is that Apex is fun to WIN, but Titanfall is fun to PLAY. So unless you're insanely good, Apex is an overall frustrating experience while Titanfall is still fun even when you're repeatedly dying.
    The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
I completely agree. I felt like I never needed to be good to enjoy the game because I still got decent kills, the parkour concept is easy to pickup and can be fun to really master, and I would also get chances to use my titan even if I played poorly.

Plus, the 4 man defense mode was also fun to play if I never felt like playing against other players.

I haven't played in like 3 years, but I've kept it installed because I know that if the servers worked, I could join a game and still enjoy it
    The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
I think dying is a lot easier in a game where you fire to respawn, and yeah Apex absolutely has a functionally higher skill gap in that a bad player might literally NEVER get a kill but will probably hip fire some people in a TiF2 lobby. Higher ttk is higher skill gap, period. When it takes longer to kill someone, a good player fights back and will beat a bad player 9 times out of 10. In a game where a bullet or two ends someone, even if it is a game that is harder in other aspects, new players that have even a single idea how video games are played will get those random feel-good moments. They'll get that lucky head shot, the lucky grenade kill, etc.

In Apex the best thing a noob has now is Arena mode, which is INCREDIBLE for those that don't like royale, but even there it's very much not something that feels "accessible". I tend to be pretty good at games. In most games with a ranking system I find I can get to diamond rank almost immediately with the game before I hit any real hurdles or plateau and really need to begin training specifics. Not at all trying to flex here but just to illustrate a point. I was SO comparatively bad at Apex it was almost frustrating at first. It was astounding how much harder it was to land shots in that game compared to other shooters, let alone while keeping up good movement at the same time.

I hope I'm proven wrong, but I feel like if we got a TiF3 right now, it would be CoD with robots at best. Respawn damn near lowered the movement potential in Apex, which is already considerably less than TiF2. That would have basically made it high TTK valorant.
The population drop happened a lot earlier than the DDOS attacks. The two friends that I got into the game I asked them why they stopped. And as I said it was because they kept on getting pubs stomped. Now that's just information from two people so I could be completely off base but that generally is how it feels whenever you ask anybody who is not a redditor if they've played the game and if so why did they stop.
Totally agree. You can play TF with the minions mixed or even play any mode badly and still have fun. You will eventually get the drop on some players and get some kills, eventually you'll get a super fun robot, if you die you'll be back in like 2 seconds. Way less sweaty than apex.
lol I'm not advocating for any kind of dumb down. I'm simply saying what's going to happen. I seen it happen to other games on PC and more than likely that's what's going to happen here as well. But the game isn't even out yet so we don't know hell I could be wrong I hope I'm wrong. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
Hes just pointing out the likely situation. These companies exist to make money and frankly movement shooters already are a hard sell so why bother making more? I mean it sold meh and the bulk of the population didnt stick around for long. Maybe things will change in a few years but Im not holding my breath.
It’ll be released when Rock Paper Scissors 2 comes out
    It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
Oh god
* *
ve put the fingers into my EYES!

*Slipknot starts playing* (Edited due to a typo)
That's one of the great things in Titanfall in my opinion, you're never out of the fight for long
Yeah I feel like I’m just pissing the night away whenever I play Apex
The thing is that apex focus only on making the player tryhard even in public. Tryharding is more important than having fun. That's why I wish apex will die asap
The beat thing about titanfall is that it's focused in making the player have fun while playing like he wants. You can use your favourite weapon, your favourite ability and your favourite titan without worrying about having any disadvantage against meta weapons.

I'll repeat it endlessy, in titanfall everyone can have fun
It’ll be released when PS5’s are available
