[[There will never be another game like No Man's Sky]]





Played the game the first week it came out and pulled through to the center a bit before seeing anything about it online. Damn the crunch for raw materials and the desire to explore was so overwhelming. So we're the forever hikes back to the ship, out of the caves or escaping pirates. 

I've truly enjoyed the game through every step.
    I reckon removing the ship summoner, and also the terrain manipulator, would be a good move for bringing a bit more thrill and danger to exploring a planet.
        It kind of goes both ways. There was absolutely a thrill and danger to it back in the day before ship summoning and the terrain manipulator. There was also a whole lot of "every step I take away from my ship is a step I have to take back to my ship and it's not worth wandering if I have to walk the fuck back". 

Then there was the ejector seat that left you with no choice but to walk forever back to your ship.
            Well we can keep the exocraft summoning perhaps :). Actually what I really wish for are larger ships that can *carry* an exocraft ;).
                We need drop deck big rig truck and trailers to haul our exocraft around.  
...  
This was a joke but oh no now I want it for real.
                    Makes me think of the trucker ships in Cowboy Bebop.
                        Trucker ships... haven't watched too far, sounds interesting
                            Oh it's great. I can't remember which episode it was exactly but it's the latter half for sure.
                                Aren't there only like 16 eps?
                                    It's been a while since I last watched it.
                    Yep..with a 3rd axle on the cab!
                Carrying the Minotaur… prepare for titanfall!
                    Well when you summon it using the freighter summon station it does that. Live it every time.
                Now that there would be pretty awesome.
                That was my thought when I played vanilla NMS
                Elite Dangerous is pretty cool in that regard, with the SRV popping in and out of your ship. I'm bothered that inventory slots have nothing to do with ship appearance and size in NMS.
                Can’t do it on the ships, but I’m pretty sure you can add an exocraft station to your freighter which lets you summon them to any planet!
                    Yeah I know, but that's just not as *cool* ;).
            Oh goodness. The *walking* was sooo *boring* and I say this as a person who played World of Warcraft during Burning Crusade. I'm no stranger to lengthy periods of auto-run, but man, release NMS was cruel and unusual punishment.
                Oh man, struggling to get to a fel iron ore node while on a skeleton horse to level mining and blacksmithing on my warrior in low-50s blues in Hellfire Peninsula and then some troll shaman on flying mount on week 2 of the expac just swoops in and steals the node.

I may have rage whispered a lot of assholes in those weeks.
                    Lol I hadn't read the comment you were replying to and was like hey this sounds a lot like WoW, I didn't know there was Fel Iron in NMS...oh
                thanks for the outland PTSD trigger lol
                    How's this for PTSD? Blade's Edge Mountains sub-70
                        *whispers* plz, more
            haha, that was the same logic I used to avoid buying furniture for so long. every piece of furniture I buy is something I have to move. eventually though I broke down and bought an actual entertainment center for my tv because the crap desk I had been using was so ugly I was tired of it. no regrets I love the entertainment center I got. I realized that I just pay movers to do everything anyway so why sweat legitimately useful pieces of furniture.

then I got a small bookcase and a coffee table.
            Not really as you could look for an outpost and summon your ship from there.
                https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Ek6jgeF
            That ejector seat worked the other way around too. I launched my ship into orbit so many times without me sitting in it.
        I actually made a habit of not using either. I only use the manipulator for mining and the ship summoning when i want to pick a ship to sell or trade. Makes for some fun gameplay for me.
        The expeditions are pretty good at giving that beginning gameplay experience. I had to trek for so long without any means of transportation. I trained some local wildlife to be my pet so I could ride them a little faster, but I really do enjoy the parts of the game where my ship is disabled and I have to figure out stuff on my own. I try my best to not just call my ship when I play normally, but I often feel like I’m just wasting time when I’m back tracking. Luckily if you walk in a loop rather than a straight line, you’ll often have two very different trips both way.
            I think I'm in the minority, but I really enjoyed expediton 3 for how it forced me back to basics - I learnt to love the minotaur because that expedition prevented me from just puddle-jumping in my ship.
                Did people dislike the expedition? It’s the only one the game has let me play, and I liked it. I don’t think I got to finish it though.
                    Oh, there was a lot of vitriol spewed at it.  People wondering why they made it so difficult.  What was the point.  Etc., etc., etc.

Well, ya know, we *are* playing a survival game here… so, survive!  It just meant we couldn’t zip to the location 10 hours away easily.

But what irritated a lot of people legit (myself included) is that when you find a beacon, it points to a random minor settlement somewhere on the planet, and it almost invariably was 10 or more hours away.  Further, once you used a beacon, any subsequent beacon is useless - it’ll point to the same place.  That could have been modified.

But ultimately, one just sets out to find a place at random.  Sure, the terrain was rough; so, tame a critter for a ride…
                    Was that the one where you started on an acid planet with a cool ship with weird components? I loved that one.
                Agreed, expedition 3 was great for that reason
        u/bjfar

Actually, I would disagree with "ship summoner", I think all that would do is piss everyone off. This is especially true when they have bugs that will put your ship on another planet out of the blue and it would also put some personal limits on exploring on foot.

However, I don't see how the elimination of the terrain manipulator would do anything for the thrill and danger?

I'd like to see a user adjustable difficulty level for space battle/pirates/sentinels/frigate missions. Just one slide bar that a user can adjust in increments that start from the current difficulties to something much harder like it we would get pirates/frigate missions 4 and 5 star difficulty and pirates would have ships with similar damage potential as we have now with optimization. Imagine going up against 5 pirates whos ships have 300 ish damage and 300 ish shields.

Could get comfortable fighting each while devising new techniques to overcome the new difficulty levels.

The levels now would just be the base starting point.
            > I don't see how the elimination of the terrain manipulator would do anything for the thrill and danger?

*Incoming storm.*
            I find the terrain manipulator makes it too easy to take shortcuts everywhere. Want to climb up some difficult cliff? Just blast your way up through the rock at an angle. Exploring down some deep cave and get lost? Just blast your way out. I use it a lot without thinking in such situations, but each time i start a new game with a broken terrain manipulator I find it is actually way more cool not having it. Of course it is very convenient so I still use it, but would appreciate its absence as a survival mode challenge or some such.
                Oh I see, you used to be able do the same thing with the mining beam way back when. They always had that ability but it was in a different tech.

I could see that in survival
        Yup - I remember when you had to camp out in a chunk of copper to replenish your life support.

(For the youngsters, you couldn't make holes in the ground, but your basic mining laser worked on resource deposits - which were usually above ground)
        I'd like ship summing to stay but it could be an upgrade or limited
        Can always not use them if you want to make it harder, no reason to screw casuals over.
            I'd make it a survival mode thing, or some such.
                Good idea, maybe implement it into survival mode or something.
        [deleted]
            Yeah I appreciated expedition 3 for this feeling, was cool.
        Can't you also just, choose not to use those features? It's not like the game makes you.
            Nah that takes too much self discipline ;). Also I dunno, it feels "fake" somehow...
                That's honestly a fair argument lmao
        Assuming you carry some chromatic metal and carbon… it’s very easy to make a base computer and a wooden shelter. 

So I don’t really see the ‘danger’ aspect in traveling even without the summoner. Unless your on a planet that drains hazard protections in like 2 minutes but even then hardly time for you to get ‘lost’ or in danger
            In survival mode some planets and most storms drain your hazard protection in about ten seconds. If you can't dig a hole or summon your ship then you're dead, unless there is a cave right nearby. In fact I think most permadeath games end this way right at the start, when you can't do either of those things ;).

But sure, you can still build a shelter if you're really fast. I'd say that still counts as rather dangerous though.
                Oh survival mode is different from normal. I should specify don’t want it taken out of normal. Sorry forgot there’s a difference I’m still kinda new to the game lol (40 hours)

Even then though you can still dig
                    That's why I say remove the terrain manipulator also :). And sure, I'm all for just doing this in "hard mode" of some description.
    Same, I don’t really understand why the game got so much backlash when it came out.
        The main reason was there were a ton of features promised with the "1.0" release and the game was years away from delivering on many of them. To many it seemed like the face of their marketing campaign, Sean Murray, had simply lied about the game to drum up hype. There wasn't a road map for implementing a lot of what was promised, it was just released in an incomplete state with no real communication beforehand about the state of the game.

Once they realized how badly they screwed up, it was then they quieted the marketing campaigns and got to work adding the features they promised. And they've largely delivered on them since the initial launch. If they hadn't had such a hyped marketing campaign early in the process, the initial game would have been received as an average-to-lackluster exploration/survival entry with room for growth. But it deserved the scorn that was heaped on it at the start as a classic example of over-hyping a game that is nowhere near ready to deliver on the promised features.
            IDK though, I bought this game before base building was even a thing. This was back in 2016 btw. I wasn’t aware of the ‘promises’ until after Atlas Rises came out. I bought this game cuz I saw it in a Popular Science magazine lol. I wasn’t disappointed at all, but I can see why a bunch of people were.
        I had this game at launch and I think there’s a ton of recency bias when seeing comments like this today.

Everything the sibling said, not to mention it was buggy when it came out. Then there was the fact that every planet was very similar to the previous one you visited. Today we have a wide range of planets and animals but at launch if you visited 5 you’ve seen them all. It became boring quite quickly.

These things coupled with features shown not to be real caused frustration from the community of players. But thankfully they’ve fixed a lot of it and today it’s a great game.
            I didn’t get the game at launch, but I got it in November 2016. So about 3 months after launch, and before any major updates like Foundation. Even though there were only about 10 planet types at launch, I still loved it. That feeling I got when I hopped from planet to planet… even though it took me an hour to get 25 plutonium LOL.

I agree that there’s some recency bias in similar comments. The game is a lot better than it was a few years ago, mostly because there’s more stuff to do in the game, and because the game is a lot easier now. It took me a long time to be able to make 1 warp cell, not to mention the hyperdrive Tau, Theta, etc. upgrades. Now I can get a warp hypercore in 2 minutes. Also, space pirates are really toned down compared to 5 years ago.
                Completely agree, you had to grind it a lot more for less before and I always died from the pirates, now they’re much easier to kill.
        I couldn't get it to even load. To date, it's the only game I have ever refunded on Steam. I changed my negative review to positive around the Next update, and now have over 2100 hours in-game.
    I literally spent 2 hours in the fucking tutorial planet trying to escape some random cave I got lost in with absolutely no indication of the way out. After that I visited a few more planets and found nothing much of interest. How much has the game changed would you say?
        I did that before I learned how to run. Lol. I know that pain. I've gotten lost so many times. It's worse when you swim around and end up forever away from any land at all. 

The game is much easier to navigate now. I recommend giving it a shot. Just don't overwhelm yourself with goals. Start off by exploring and getting a freighter and frigates to send on missions. Or max out your shields. Small steps.
I played the game in the week it came out. Immediately loved it, saw the potential and left because „walking simulator“. Two weeks ago i picked up my old save and i am thrilled because of the sheer quality and amount of features…  i just cant stop late at night…
    It took me a month before I put it down, I was unemployed and loving the exploration and upgrading and then it felt empty. Didn't hate it, but did feel robbed.

Have come back for every update and now I'm logging in every night for 30 minutes or soto tinker with my settlement and make stasis devices.
    Exactly the same for me!! The building is so nice right now and the game feels so much more alive. I enjoy the space anomaly also, that was a good move on their part.
Still my biggest negative are the controls and inventory management... it feels like a bad PC-port in that regard. Definitely manageable though.
        having the controller mapping not be in game is so frustrating
    I feel ya… it’s been such an enjoyable experience to play. The game is epic and sparks my creativity and curiosity in a way that not many games can do.
Lets wait if devs can put the three race as npc that can randomly spawn and try to murder us on a planet. (Higher conflict)
    That would be pretty rad. "Oh look, a settlement! I can buy some ion batteries and summon my ship to get off this rock."

*Saunter into the building full of hostile Vy'keen.*

"Oh noes! They aren't friendly!"
# Greatest Gaming Turnaround in History
    I love no man's sky, don't get me wrong, but I hate the climate it's created. It isn't really hello game's fault either. Just that big companies saw the positive reaction to NMS and are adopting the practice of releasing broken stuff and patching it later more than ever now.
        NMS was not the first in that regard. A lack of time and/or resources has always been a problem in the gaming industry. Bethesda has been releasing buggy messes since forever.
            This started being a problem not long after everyone got Internet and could download patches. Before that it was mostly via magazines (demo CDs) and floppy. And on consoles with ROMs, the game had to work (although the games were a bit smaller back then :))
            Everyone seems to also forget about Atari. Market was completely flooded with bad games that eventually helped lead to the fall of the console.

Bad launches have always been a thing, and developers still try and avoid it. Upper management... not so much. However, sometimes game production costs makes that unavoidable. Companies aren't going to risk bankruptcy just to make a game good. The only difference now is that things *can* be fixed post launch.
            a buggy mess really is not the problem tho. The problem is when core design choices are made based on metrics instead of what the players want. and then when the new metrics show that the design choices were wrong they get adapted. instead of listening to the community from the get go. Best example for this is World of Warcraft. on a 2 year cycle they release bullshit systems where the community tells them after a month of play testing which issues are gonna arise and they brush it off because they know better only to implement the exact changes the community suggested 1,5 years after release. 


Bugs are bound to happen. the more complex the game the more likely it is to have bugs. But design choices (like the most recent example of the new Battlefield) are the big issue with AAA titles nowadays
        Cyberpunk 2077 fans are weeping
        100% this.  I'm happy for Hello Games, they are really trying but their turnaround success is use case for other game developers to gesture to when they release shit.  And I so dislike when fanbases also point to Hello Games.  Maybe let's stop releasing shit.
    I think that has to go to FFXIV, has anyone else made nuking the original game a part of the lore of the story
        World of warcraft: cataclysm
            Cataclysm is where it went downhill,maybe Legion if they kept up the good work but you know how that turned out.
                Legion was the best WoW ever was. Playing on Vanilla private servers and playing Classic made me realize that.
                    The #1 expac is Wrath

The #2 expac is Legion

I will die on this hill
                        They can be interchangeable.I loved both,Wotlk for the nostalgia from WC3 and Legion for it's almost insane scale and also nostalgia from WC3 with us facing down the final boss of WoW.Sargeras' death is wasted imo.
                        Absolutely. Those two were my favorites as well!
                        I’ll die on that hill with you too.
                    Gotta disagree tbh WOTLK will forever sit atop all wow expansions as the greatest. ICC is one of the best PvE raids in any MMO I’ve ever played
            Cataclysm sucked for PvE content (fuck twilight bastion) but as a frost mage main in arena and rated BG that expansion absolute slapped. Easily one of my favorite expansions for pvp in WoW.

Now MoP on the other hand……
            Arguably that's the reverse. It made the game worse rather than better.
        destiny 2 did that
            4 years after FFXIV did it
    Battlefront 2 had a similar turnaround
        Yeah but Battlefront 2 is still just a Star Wars skinned Battlefield clone whereas NMS was hugely ambitious.
            Agree, can't understand how people keep praising BF2. I mean, yeah, it's a good fun game and after they got rid of that "yo pay for every single bit of game you damn cow" thing it was nice. The uproar was glorious to watch.   
   
That said, has anyone seen the plans for the cancelled BF3 game that was going to follow the Classic BF2? Capital ship fighting, space-to-land maps and combat, long and interesting campaign, air combat in land maps, and a fully supported offline mode and Galactic Conquest (not just some "arcade" maps).
                BF2 sure is shiny and sounds like star wars. Otherwise, it's just not that good. The OG PS2 BF2 was better.
            That doesn’t mean it wasn’t a huge turnaround
            The problem with NMS is that it _was_ highly ambitious and has since pared back most of that ambition to put out something that caters to a wider audience. Gone are most of the interesting features and systems and in their place are much more basic and simplistic alternatives.
            No it's not :/.

Battlefield is a slow paced shooter while Battlefront is an arcade shooter with hero combat.

Also you say that as if it's a bad thing.
                Eh, sure it's faster than Battlefield and there are hero characters but hard meh on the whole thing. If you're obsessed with star wars nostalgia it's kinda fun because the laser guns go pew pew with the right noise but overall  I'd rather play the original Battlefront 2 for PS2.
                    I also play the original BF2.

But the new one is alos looking real sexy with its modding community.
                        Yeah fair, I don't have a gaming PC at the moment and if I did I'd be modding Skyrim until it broke or catching up on the past 5 years of PC games, not modding BF2. 

It's not a bad game it's just not for me. Yes they had a fantastic turnaround, but it was basically EA greed that caused the initial problem whereas I feel like NMS was more of a Molyneux style over-ambition problem.
                            Yeah, I guess that's fair.
I do say that the original BF games do have some sweet mods. BF1 recently got a gigantic mod and BF2 is getting a BF3 mod.

NMS is always a different story. It takes a lot to transform from one of the most hated games on the planet into what it is now.
            [deleted]
                Sounds like an incorrect deduction
        Not really.  The only reason why early BF2 sucked was microtransaction hell and everything about EA.  I'm not saying the game launched beautifully, but it wasn't the hellscape that say Cyberpunk was at launch.    


Hello Games really owned the fact they fucked up, and cranked out free content after free content after free content to make the game the great experience it is lately.  This is honestly the lesson all publishers need to learn nowadays as the pandemic has increased the launches of just subpar and broken games by like everyone these days. EA has to deal with their Madden and FIFA yearly nonsense as well as BF2042 shitting the bed hard. Ubisoft isn't so hot lately with shaky launches for Watch Dogs Legion and even AC Valhalla there. 2K, just yikes. Already mentioned CDPR. And honestly, who knew that Rockstar would just really fuck up the GTA 3 Trilogy like that.  So now we wait and see who learns the actual lesson and who is just posturing to be looked at better. One would hope it'd be CD Projekt Red with fixing Cyberpunk but there's already talk of them focusing on DLC as opposed to making sure the game is fixed.  The game is still basically unplayable for Xbox One and PS4 users, but for whatever reason are big sellers there.   EA didn't learn the lesson about Paying to Win from Battlefront because Battlefield V launched in a similar fashion with Pay to Win and that community didn't rise up as the BF2 community did.  And that same thinking gave the world BF2042.
            Edit: Hello fellow redditor! You may pass and let us forget this embarrassing reply made by me.
                You need to reread what I wrote because I said they did.

More specifically, I said the BF V community didn’t rise up like the BF2 did.

So, no, I’m not ignorant.
                    Ah....I am a dimwit.
                        No, because you made very good points. I’m not tearing you down for those.  So, you made a great case, especially about the loot boxes.

No blood, no foul.
            I played Cyberpunk at release and had fewer bugs than Witcher 1-3 or Skyrim. Granted, you need a good PC but then it works fine. On last gen consoles it was a mess tho.
        It’s still fun too but god there are some insanely sweaty try harder every match and many hackers
    Whenever NMS is mentioned ever on the internet, there's always a "biggest/greatest X in game history" and "they could take money and run but they didn't"

Every single time.
        It's truly pathetic
            Why?
                Maybe that user really hates superlatives?
                Because the game still isn't what was promised
                    I have no idea what that has to do with my original statement.
                Because it shouldn't have had to be this way. Happy it is though.
    Yup it really set the new standard of releasing an almost finished game.
Put my friend on it today for the holiday sale. Couldn't pick a spot to explain what it is cause it does so many things right. Free quality DLC and support for so many years, the true underdog story, how genuine of an exploration game this is, ahhhhhh
    For such a small studio it was a huge success. It made more than $46 million dollars at launch. Also it's pretty famous. almost everyone knows NMS. Pretty good for a game deleoped by 6 people (later 15)

Hello Games has 26 employees (2020)
        Blows my mind how those 15 can accomosh more than the big dogs sometimes. 

Also, I'm not sure the initial success should be boasted, considering it's the reason the game had to have a comeback in the first place. Still impressive, though.
I truly miss this game. Got it when it first came out. Idk if my expectations were low or I just had common sense, but I thought it was a great game. And I agree, it keeps getting better. 
I need to play it again, but I’m a dad now, two kids…time is precious lol
    Lol totally understand. Same situation. No time to game, every second is precious
        Can relate. Hoping when kids are older they will want to explore No Man Sky and I can watch in amazement.
            Can also relate....this hurts. And when i have time i can just play for 10 minutes straight. Then i am just tired. And i have no idea why. Games make me tired for some reason :(
                Thats funny you mention that because my nephew also says gaming makes him tired. He will play for like 30 mins then take a nap.
                    Lol it wasn't like that before. After getting 2 kids and working i got to the point of fatigue every day. I tried even taking vacation. It doesn't work. Help!
                        Your comments are exactly what I fear the most about having kids with my partner.
                            Don't get me wrong. Having kids is a blessing. It really is but the truth is that it's also a second fulltime job. The only difference is that your Boss/Bosses is/are the cutest you can imagine.

Imagine this: your biggest love in life. Do you see a pumping heart? As a symbol of your life. Now put it under fire. That burning heart is the next dimension of love you are experiencing by having kids. You can't imagine until you have some. Just be prepared.
                                I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
                                    Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
                                Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
                Nop mate, life in general make us tired, games are nice and relaxing leisure, but they take our precious time for deep resting. Gamer dad here, I wish I would have more time…
    I hear you. Just remember the games will still be there when your kids are older, the time you have with them now you never get back, so you are deffo doing it right. I have a 2 and 4 yo and miss those 3am gaming sessions. I'm excited to see if they enjoy gaming and play games together. Untitled Goose Game was a successful pilot.
    It gets better :)

The kiddo is almost 5 now and she likes to watch me play, loves seeing the "alien dinos" walking around on a planet, and wondering how I'm going upgrade my bases.
I watched videos and release trailer in 2016, never had money to buy a graphic card... Never could afford one. Now in 2021 I came home after my first sailing of 13 months. I bought a graphic card, upgraded my pc. Brought a new monitor. Started steam after 2.5 years, installed NMS after purchase. Best game ever. So happy.
After starting last year playing it 300 hours so far. Amazing. Try to find another game like nms and found out there isn't any. Is a unique
Game. After every sc-fi movie I watched I turn and start to play this game.
Hopefully not.

While this comeback is a good thing, it should NEVER happen again. This game was one of false advertised product at launch, with crazy hype and desserved hate train at launch.

Still, i got \~200 hours on it, but i took it after a few updates. 

But we cannot romantize these comeback. These are not healthy for the video-game industry, and are blatant fraud at the beginning.
    Now it still happen with these pre orders nowadays. Cyberpunk, battlefield, warcraft reforged, gta definitive shit edition.
        Cyberpunk is fair, but isn’t bf still in beta? The other 2 are remasters (not even remakes) that should inherently be treated with even more caution than a new release, not to mention that it is never justified to pay a full price for a remaster
            No, bf is out, but it should still be in alpha. Massive dumpster fire.
                Huh I thought it eill be released later this month, goes to show much I care about them lol 

Anyway, shame, but after V, it was kinda expected for them to fuck this up as well somehow
                    If you play Breakthrough on the Pacific maps (free DLC) BFV is a fantastic time. The movement and mechanics feel great. It's just that most of the original maps are a bit shit and they kept fucking with TTK to try to give noobs a chance, which just pissed off everyone. It's finally stable and goddamn is it fun. 

People act like it's the best game ever made but Battlefield 4 was dogshit on release, like constant desync errors and glitches out the absolute ass, it was about a year before it was playable. Most Battlefield games launch ropy and then get good after a ton of patches. From the beta I played of 2042 I don't see that happening because the problem isn't tedhnical - the game runs pretty well. The problem is with fundamental design decisions that can't be patched away. 2042 is basically just a way of playing old Battlefield multiplayer maps again with shiny graphics.
                        Really every 2042 complaint Ive seen has been some glitch or bug. What design decisions are you referring to?
                            Removal of the entire class system, no chat at all, no scoreboard, ~23 guns ~4 playable maps when BF4 launched with double the guns and 7 maps among many other things
                                Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
                            Maps too large/too many players so you don't feel like you have much impact.

Removal of factions in favour of hero characters cloned l over the battlefield. Really this comes down to the whole game being designed with the Hunt Showdown style gamemode front and center in their minds.

In the beta, no map outside of spawn screen (idk if this is fixed).

That's what comes off the top of my head. It just felt super soulless in the beta and I couldn't get into it at all.
    Lol yep was going to say the same thing. Hopefully no other company ever blatantly lies as hard as they did.
    Yeah I'm still mad about it. The new current standard is "sell hype and deliver and unfinished product, patch it later".
    I don’t think there’s any real risk of companies seeing what happened with NMS and trying to pursue it as a strategy.  The reality is that a catastrophic launch like NMS does MASSIVE reputational damage to a company, and recovering from that is both unlikely and extremely costly.

The recovery effort basically amounts to doing tons of work, not charging for it, and praying that it saves your reputation.  I can’t imagine any business actively following this strategy.

What redemption stories like NMS and FFXIV do, do is let companies know that if they have a catastrophic launch, there IS some hope of recovery, and they need not just abandon the game.
    [deleted]
        Dafuq you talking about the lead developer went on national television on a late night talk show and said there was multiplayer like 2 weeks before the game came out. The game was 1st person only and there wasn't even a model for your character nevermind actually being "able to play with your friends".
            And then they didn't say anything or make any press releases for months.
        They straight up lied about the game get the fuck outta here
        I've seen and really enjoyed it. He made quite a lot of valid remark about how the game was doomed over time for multiple reason, not always in their control. But it should have been said. Whatever bad luck happen, if the game is not in the desired state nor the one advertised, it's their responsability to say it.
I must've bought the game during the hate phase, picked up a copy for PS4 for like $7 at gamestop. I've not seen the price that low anytime recently. Still need to get around to playing it.
I bought it 5 minutes ago, it is on sale on Steam
    Is it $10 yet?
        Got it for 10 bucks for PS4 a few years ago. Greatest gaming investment I've ever made to date probably.
            Unfortunately I just asked for a refund, doesn’t run well on my pc.

Now I want a PS4 :/
                Recommend the PS5 if you can snag one. NMS is great on the PS4 but even better on the 5.
There ***should never*** be another game like NMS... Like, damn, finish your games before you release them, don't lie to your customers.
    Exactly. Do it like Deathloop. Rather delay the game for a year than rush it.
    -cries in Battlefield 2042-
        *Cries in Cyberpunk 2077*
            Go tell that to the cult over at the low sodium sub 


And before anyone calls me a hater, I defended that game for the *longest* time. But….it’s been a year and all we’ve got are a few small patches? Lol where’s the DLC? Where the next gen upgrade? I get it, covid, but how many times is this company going to promise things and then change their minds? Fuck CDPR.
                Cyberpunk has some major issues with the core engine itself which I think is why everything else is so slow.  I sure hope they fix it, I love it even with its many flaws, but wouldn't be shocked if it never gets truly polished.
            *just cries in general*
    [deleted]
This is such an amazing underdog story.  Played this game from the beginning and wanted to just break things, constant bugs, game crashes, falling through the worlds, ship doing loops for no reason.  Basically the most unplayable mess I've ever tried.

Now, 5 years later, we come to what it is now, and incredible comeback story full of nothing but wonderful awe-inspiring environments, ships, factions and base building.  The amount of creativity that this game has now gotten and is allowing us as players to use is astounding.

I regretted immediately purchasing this game at the first chance I got, but damn I am so glad I did now.  Keep it up HG.
Ive been secretly building Walls and Forts around the Euclid Galaxy. i wish one day one of those forts is raided. Lets start a feudal system with our towns. Evolve them into Cities. Make Planetary conquests. Or simply to be able to go with your freighter Exploration missions. would be dope.
I still think version 1.0 had a different charm to what this game has become now. 
Mining those huge dildos of resources was relaxing and engaging, and your goals were much simpler. 
Nowadays everything is about collecting a fuckton of different resources and artificially wait while they “combine” into a machine. 

so the core of the game went from the need to jump from star to star and actively mining a mountain, where you had to upgrade your laser in order to make it more efficient, to being forced in a handful of systems, vacuuming everything from the ground in a matter of seconds and then waiting for it to turn inside a machine. 

everything else is much better, but the core game took a serious hit IMHO.
    That's also my feeling. The game has changed so much, it's nothing like the original vision Hello Games had when it was first announced.
Its really hard for any game to pull this legendary comeback 

Especially CP2077 but I hope the devs prove me wrong
    What's the state of CP2077 these days?

The game interests me but I figured I would give it a few years to get "NMSed" before I bought in .
        Got better reviews. Back to positive on Steam. But they promised much more content next year so I'd wait until next major patch
        At this rate I’d wait until 2077 


At the earliest
Played the game a lot when it came out and I honestly liked it a lot. Got a ps5 recently, should I try the game again? What’s different from launch?
    It feels like an actual game now and not a tech demo. I enjoyed it when it first came out, but I was pretty disappointed. I felt like we got the wish.com version of the e3 trailer haha. 

It’s pretty fun now. The base building alone makes it much more enjoyable to me. I’d easily pay full price if I didn’t own it already. Hello Games deserves the praise they’re getting.
You know that quote, "A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad" well there's a quote that answers that. "No work of art is ever finished, only abandoned" Instead of abandoning it like EA, or blizzard would have, they kept working on it till it was good again.
Greatest comeback in gaming history.
I think the betrayal most people felt at launch obviously came from the unfulfilled promises, but also the unrealized potential of what they were playing. What redeemed the game was a consistent effort on the part of Hello games to not only fix problems but realize that potential and build on it. What we have now is a modern classic and a game development legend that will forever be the standard by which other developers are measured. All we as players and customers want is the developers and upper management to show us through the care and support of their games that they love it too, and not just the money it brings in.
It is an amazing game. An infinite number of game experiences and choices...accommodating idividuality and unique styles of play.
Its the first game I have wanted to own and play since Freelancer.
Thank you HELLO GAMES!
never has a greater Phoenix metaphor been personified in human history
Stopped playing the game a while ago,  but after I saw the colonies I decided to hop back in, especially with new flight Sim setup for MAXIMUM IMMERSION. It's simply the most relaxing game I have
No mans, guy.
    I'm not your guy, pal
that's why i buyed the game! any tips for a starter?
    I'd say just explore for starters, the sense of discovery is best that way instead of having everything laid out for you and going through the motions. Then as you continue you might want to look things up here and there. I have 300 hours into it and am still finding/learning about new stuff. Whatever you do, don't use glitches or cheats, it's the most fun to earn everything.
So proud of it! ❤️
I got into it about 6 months ago. I can agree the game is OVERWHELMINGLY good lol
very well deserved
CD Proj Red is green with envy.
I loved the game at release. I plowed a ton of hours into it at the start just exploring. :-)
I encourage everyone to watch "The Engoodening of No Man's Sky" by the Internet Historian on YouTube. It's like an hour long and chronicles the climb to greatness at least up until a little over a year ago.
Loved the game when it first came out, despite it not fully being what it was advertised to be with all these other expectations at launch. Got a good 100 something hours into it before I put it down, not because I disliked it, but I believe it was another game took priority.

Came back to the game maybe 2 months ago now and came back to a game with loads of additional content ALL FOR FREE. Now I can't put the game down.

However, there's only 3 things I wish for in this game.
1. Being able to use your analysis visor in exocrafts/starship.  Would make finding Hotspots and frieghter s class hunting so much easier. (Big stretch I know)

2. A new type of ship/or add-on to current ships that will allow you to play another play around with you.

3. Most importantly to me, a working chat function for consoles!!! It's grand to finally see other people now since whatever update but I still can't interact with them! So it still feels rather lonely at times.
I love this game. I hope that Hello Games keeps at it.
This....this is exactly WHY I nominated this for the labor of love award in Steam's autumn sale. I never played it when it first came out but as a lover of procedurally generated games I had been watching it closely before it released. I was quite disapointed hearing about how badly it fell on its face. But watching it over time pull its self up, dust off, and start picking up its shattered dignity.  It truly has been a labor of love project. I bought it only recently here at the beginning of the Emergance expedition. I wasn't ever expecting to get the chance to replay the old expeditions but here we are now. Again a labor of love by a team who seems to truly care about the community they created around their game. There are still things they need to work on but they have improved immensely. So let's hold our glasses up high and wish them all the luck to keep improving the game and listening to us!
Mad respect for Hello Games for having the balls to put their hands up and go “we’ll fix this” and then actually fix it
My son and I play this game, and honestly we both have such a blast gaming the local economy and chasing pirates.  It’s been a real treat for us, and I’m thankful for all the work they’ve put into it.
I am actually so happy that Hello Games didn't gave up on NMS to actually improve and make the game better.
Shit I know people who are still waiting for CD Projekt Red to "pull a NMS" with Cyberpunk 2077.

NMS had such a prolific turnaround it became a verb.
I bought it despite the negative reviews and loved it from the first second.
i preordered it years and years ago. Only recently picked it up and having so much fun with it! Glad they put so much work into it!
I wanted to buy the game so bad 5 years ago when it came out but it was one of the rare times I dodged the early adoption issues with a game. 

I just bought it about a month ago on a sale and I absolutely love this game. So happy to have gotten in just as they are re-opening the expedition’s too. 

I have finished the main quest line and didn’t focus on base building beyond the basics, but I’m finally hunting for the perfect planet so I can do that now.
I sat on top of a volcanic mountain with the sun rising behind the mountains, I took some screenshots, at the same time this emotional serene ambient music is playing in the game, not many games can really get to you like that. Then I realised I had "kill 15 creatures" as one of the expedition grinds, so here I am mowing down these non-agressive creatures while the emotional ambient music is playing lmao.
    >Then I realised I had "kill 15 creatures" as one of the expedition grinds, so here I am mowing down these non-agressive creatures while the emotional ambient music is playing lmao.

"It's nothing personal guys, but I've got a mission, and you've got infinite spawns.  Plus, you don't even bleed."
I'm hoping the GTA remaster will have a turnaround like this, but doubtful
    I'm pretty sure the GTA remaster is just a troll.  There's no other explanation for how they actually made the games *worse* than the originals.
the greatest redemption arc
Valheim similar gameplay mechanics but different theme! Good games both!
It really makes me happy seeing the game and the devs getting the loved they deserved. I bought the game when it first released, got the platinum for it and even tho I recognize that the game was lacking some of the aspects people were expecting, for me at least it was incredibly refreshing and enjoyable. It was kinda like a "meditation game",every time I started playing it I got absorbed for hours in its universe. And the soundtrack by 65daysofstatic is probably one of my favorite soundtracks ever.
I loved the first game it was very mysterious and it’s not the game it’s people people are the ones that hate something one day then love it the next.
*cries in Star Citizen*
    That game is such a massive scam. It's tough to even call it a game, considering there's basically nothing to do.
I have so much respect for the developers. They released an unfinished preproduction that didn’t live up to expectations, sure, but they committed to making sure that the game would be completed and for free. Here we are several years later and they’ve completely turned it around. Great job!
I’ve only played for 2 weeks but this is the best game I’ve ever played in my life. It’s so addicting and I always want to play with my friends. We have fun making bases and gathering resources. I’m a bit ahead of them because even though we all started at the same time, I have a freighter and 2 frigates. My goal sometimes is find wrecked ships with distress signals and repair them and scrap them. They go for a lot
I got the game at launch....played for about 15 hours and put the game down until \~September this year....I have put over 500 hours in since then

I never thought I'd see the day, but I love it

First game I've ever platinumed, actually
So much respect for Hello Games and their dedication to NMS and it's player base. 

Not. One. Paid. DLC. 

Cheers
I started a new game recently where I decided I would not leave a planet until I scan all of the fauna instead of rushing to get the best ship, upgrades, etc.  Now it's my new favorite way to play.
I saw all the chatter before launch and after, and I watched all the interviews in question. Maybe I'm in the minority, but I'm of the strong opinion this (the initial reviews) was just another result of people hyping each other up out of control, about what the game was going to be, and the resulting inevitable fallout. It's what I despise most about the gaming community. It's so ruthlessly tribal over such stupid stuff that they themselves blow up way out of proportion, and people let something trivial dominate their lives and will pat themselves on the back for (what they thought was successfully) destroying something they didn't actually truly care that much about anyway. I feel like some of the disappointment was because of comparisons to an early E3 peek some years prior (obviously things will change in that time), but there was a very loud group whining about no multiplayer. That always annoyed the hell out of me, because despite Sean's answers during some rapid-fire "yes/no" interview and not being given the chance to explain, he made it extremely clear it wasn't going to launch with "traditional multiplayer", that their version of "multiplayer" was possibly seeing signs of other travelers (and in the initial version, that was in the form of a shared galaxy with named discoveries). The dude even recognized what was being hyped in all the pre-release chatter and released a special video in the days ahead of launch specifically addressing that one topic, and once again clarifying what was and wasn't in the game as far as multiplayer goes.  
  
And then you couldn't even talk about the game with other fans without a bunch of annoying trolls screaming "SEAN LIED!" (and heaven forbid, try to discuss things we didn't like ourselves because that was always opening a can of worms). Yeah, we heard you, now go away. It took years, but they've mostly gone away now or have been won over by these amazing updates.  
  
All that said, maybe all of that was what inspired Hello Games to add all these amazing updates, and FOR FREE. In any case, it's amazing what they've pulled off, both at release, and with every following update.  
  
Congrats, Hello Games. You've earned a ton of well-deserved respect from all sides of the "controversy" for somehow digging yourselves out of that pit. Most people would've given up and moved onto the next project. Not you. You've followed through with your vision for the game while listening to what fans were looking for. That's just... refreshingly adaptive. Well done.
    Yep. I also watched every video, listened to every podcast and read every article I could find between VGX and launch, and Sean definitely downplayed multiplayer at almost every opportunity. But no one listened. Granted, he was a programmer playing at public relations, and that never ends well. I think the flood hurt their production more than they let on.
It's beautiful because at the foundation at launch there was so many things that showed how great the game was, I think alot of us saw them here and the updates just brought them out refined and added so much so everyone could enjoy this incredible game
One of the biggest turns arounds in gaming history. I got it about a month after it came out and enjoyed it, but it was pretty gameplay sparse and now there’s so much cool shit to do and see and much less derpy creatures. 

Im a lover of space games and this one is one of my favorite
When the devs first announced the game and hyped it up so much I totally got their passion. I rarely run out and buy a game right at release and rarely ever pay full price. But I did. I was all about this game and when the rough peice came out the devs apologized and said they'd fix it. I had faith that it would be everything they promised me.
My life recently tbh
I just picked this game up, excited to give it a go
    Have fun! If it becomes too grindy, realize that many of the things you must mine or harvest in the game are cheaply purchasable at space stations.
        Wow, played a few hours. Wild how time just disappears haha
Greatest anime redemption arc. Just got into it after playing a bit on release, and wow. This is a real game!
Started from the bottom, now we here
My friend bought me the game like a month after it released, it was 29$. Funny to think it's now selling at 80$, crazy how that game changed
It's enough to make a grown man cry.
Its damn impressive how they pull themselves from the brink
I started playing again recently after I had quit from frustration with the game as it was at launch, and I am low key addicted. This game is so fun!
Hopefully not, what they did on release should be illegal and at the very least fined. Doing what they did in my profession would get you fired and blacklisted on the spot.
    Even tho now I love the game, what they did (and what CP2077 did) should definitely be fined.
    I 100% agree. I like the game as it is now, but literally no other industry can get away with the stuff companies in the gaming industry get away with. 

The false advertising alone should have lead to fines at the very least.
        kinda amazed people here agree, i have been downvoted on several posts stating the exact same thing. Probably just a fuckton of people on this sub that dunno how the real world hangs together
except it's just about base building now, they haven't added anything exploration or space wise compared to how much they wanted to turn into minecraft. they even changed one of the main story lines to include forced base building
    I played it recently and I have no idea what people are talking about. Even as a base builder it's lacking. The game world is soulless and empty. It's pretty but that's it. Even the base building is a monotonous grind clearly meant to drive up the hours.
Cyberpunk had the potential to do this but I can’t see it now.
Too bad AAA companies won't take after Hello Games.
    Shareholders wouldn't stand for it.  HG can pull it off because they're a small team, so long-tail residual sales is enough to keep funding development indefinitely.  But you take an AAA studio with thousands of developers and artists and managers and gofers etc, and doing what HG is doing would run the company into debt.
        Public trading is the mistake in a lot of cases.
That's pretty amazing, and well deserved.
Redemption ark on par with final fantasy 14.
    This. FF14 and No mans sky are on par in terms of a bad launch to a succesfull game.
I was there so see it all develop from launch I even have the deluxe physical edition with the art book steel case and the special hardbook box.

Of only more game companies could pull of what hello games did with no man's sky.

Edit: why am I getting downvoted ??
They certainly took the road less travelled but damn did it pay off
the only bad thing about this turn over is other developers thought they could launch games half-baked and get away with it because they can always nomansky'd it. fortunately it hasn't work out for them.
    Because those corporate twatmuffins never had the ambition, just big promises for marketing. Hello Games have proven their ambition was genuine, their hearts in the right place. The thing is had HG just minecrafted this and said "this is a beta. To be updated" on launch then the turnaround would not be a thing, rookie PR mistake I think.

CDPR... jury's out if they are a twatmuffin or not in this regard, they deffo are for crunch and their launch was not a rookie error, just a cluster-f-word.
Been playing since day 1 and I have to say Hello Games is a great example of how a game studio should handle their game and handle negative user feedback.
    Except now you also get AAA studios’ games released not even half-baked because they want to replicate it.
Ever heard of Final Fantasy XIV?
It's very vindicating seeing this being one of the people who pre-ordered and had the game since launch. Kudos to HG for doing what was right. Of course, I want all developers to stop using us as beta testers and just give us completed games at launch. However this is an example of the correct way to handle it when in that situation.
    Why would you feel vindicated about pre-ordering it when you regretted it on launch? Shouldn't the lesson have been "woah, I shouldn't preorder games. Guess I'll wait and see if they are worth playing, like I should have done with NMS"?
        Uhhhh.. ya. I did learn that and I haven't. That has nothing with feeling good about a game that worked out great in the long run. I still had a lot fun at launch, where did I say I regretted it lol. it just wore off after a while and it's just a vastly better game now.
This is what happens when a game fails at launch, but who worked on it doesn't give up and keeps giving support, DLC and tons of updates FOR FREE.
    > FOR FREE

*for the original price*.
        Yes and no. I bought the game at a super discount for 15 euros years ago, now the full price is around 50/60 euros.

Also, all the updates are DLCs and we never got charged a single cent for them. So I keep saying that they gave us tons of content for free.
            >So I keep saying that they gave us tons of content for free.

But they didn't. They mislead and cheated consumers by releasing an incomplete and broken game and charging full price for it. They eventually gave people the features and content they had promised. This isn't giving you content for free. It's giving you the content you paid for, late. 

And using the term 'DLC' like you are renders it meaningless. DLC implies paid content, otherwise every 'downloadable' update is DLC. Just giving their updates names doesn't make them DLC.
the bad thing is all the free addons are great BUT has no real depth they are all just gimmicks and dont get to the core.

and connection between all the add-ons are also not existent.
Did you take those screen shots with a potato?
    No, I edited them with a potato
        Please edit with photoshop or GIMP
            As a shit poster, I feel too much effort defeats the point
                Stay true to yourself
                You're cool man, don't need to change a thing.
            gimp is hard😣
                But free
It’s a profoundly hollow experience and an outdated mediocre space sim at best. It’s megablocks of space sims lol
    >It’s megablocks of space sims lol

That's a funny analogy. It does appeal to a certain personality type for sure. It's pretty chill and takes patience. It's absolutely not a hollow experience, there's a lot going on but you have to dig and get to know the mechanics and systems. It's more for Star Trek fans instead of Star Wars... that's probably a better analogy. COD fans are right out.
"Mostly Positive"

How very Hitch Hiker's Guide 😊
    Close. It's "mostly harmless"
Don't break your arm jerking yourself off.
Not to the same scale but I recon cyber punk could make it and be better with updates and battlefield 2042 might if ea doesn’t give up on it like ea normally does
    I think 2042 is bad because of design and I don't know what they can do to fix that. EA turned BF4 and eventually 5 around, they don't just abandon BFs. 4 was dogshit on release and everyone adored it now.
    Can they fix the game? Yeah with enough patches no doubt it will be bug-free one day.

  
Can they give us the game they promised? No, impossible. If they truly wanted to make the game they showed us through the trailers it would've taken them \~3 more years.
        True
It’s a shame this game still has heavy graphic bugs that sometimes render it unplayable on my system.
Shame the price of the game on PSN…
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO
Final Fantasy XIV:

"Am i a joke to you?"
Uhh what about No Man Sky 2 ya noob learn to count
Too many bad bugs to deserve a positive review.
Cyberpunk, hopefully
    Honestly, the game itself was not bad, just the state of it in terms of bugs, glitches and performance depending on the system it was run on. I actually quite enjoyed the game on PC, getting 200 hours and 3 playthroughs in before any of the larger patches, with my biggest issue being random non-game breaking glitches that just took me out of the story a bit. I actually started a 4th playthrough and was surprised by how much better even just the intro section of the game felt after the 1.31 patch, but decided to then hold off until the next big patch after that comes in for the 4th run.

I can definitely see CP2077 having the same type of story once CDPR gets all the issues taken care of and actually starts introducing new content and improvements into the game (the little bit of DLC they did before I don't even count). I guess the big question is if people will actually 'forgive' CDPR, since based on most of what I see online, people and opinion sites have too much fun crapping on CP2077 at every chance they get.

That said, I'm mainly looking at it in terms of PC and the newer consoles, I don't see it ever being that great on the oldest consoles it was released on as it probably never *should have* been released on those just due to how old the hardware in them is.
        I agree on everything, I just hope that it gets the same love by the devs that nms received over the past years
            I think (and hope) it will, if for no other reason than I don't think CDPR wants to leave people with a bad impression of CP2077 before moving on to their next thing. I think they understand they need to repair their reputation by fixing CP2077, and then also deliver a good launch on whatever their next game is to repair the damage the CP2077 launch did.
What About Sea of Thieves. This happened to them too
there will never be another game like insert game here
Exept modded Minecraft
true, the reviews on ~~cyberpunk~~ no mans sky rly. changed, there will never be another game like no mans sky.
I mean the most I can think of in negative sense is that swamp planets got the same giant stumps
The only other similar one would be Battlefront 2 imo.
I should play the game more... or leave the subreddit.
Fallout 76
I personally still think this game sucks to be honest
Can we hold a prayer circle for Battlefield that they do this too?
    EA has no integrity and no interest in doing anything remotely close to what Hello Games pulled off.  
If the bad press stops, that'll be good enough. Once the game doesn't turn a profit anymore it'll be dropped for the next golden pile of garbage.

EA rather abandons or slaughters their cows if they don't give enough milk, instead of nurturing them and taking them to the vet.
    They will and always do. Folks seem to forget every battlefield launch ever has been like this. Same with folks hating on em for stupid reasons. Remember the BF1/V hate for daring to include women?
Maybe in 5 years Cyberpunk will be good and everyone will have forgiven CDPR 😂
Cyberpunk might. The game is fun, just too many bugs.
A true success story born of darkness and woe
Sure hope not.
That's a good thing. While I respect sean and hello games for their dedication its not something we should want to be normalized.
Sea of Thieves did this as well
Cyberpunk 2077 might be on the same trajectory. Might be.
Let's hope not
I think the same could be said for Cyberpunk 2077. It has a bunch of Negative reviews. but after a whole year of only 3 patches, they've turned it around, LMAO.  
Also damn, went from 73K reviews to 171K reviews. You'd think it'd be higher after all these years.
How is it that it started out with so many reviews then so far less eventually? Did people go back and delete them?
I’ve bought the pre-order back on PS4 it was fun but lacking a lot of things, never stopped playing, but never played a lot, just bought the game again but now on Steam, and let me tell you, it really have come a long way.
Now I just want actual multiplayer
It’s still not fun for me, but that’s me
    No this game is objectively the best now it is fact not opinion /s
I'm still holding out for a future in which cyberpunk2077 gets the NMS treatment. just got a 3090 and figured I'd give it a go just to see how pretty it is, and it feels like playing the shell of a masterpiece. all the pieces are in place to make one of the best games ever made, but it's just filled with so many empty place holders that take you out of it and make you more sad for what could have been than anything.
Thats honestly a fucking shame. There are too many games, especially big name games what end up being steaming piles at launch, and then stay that way or end up mediocre at best. Cyberpunk, Gta collection, Bf2042. Too many examples.
i still liked it in the beginning anyway, but i am an MMO player...
I think the game is a very good success story.

The thing I think i just.... Not good is space combat and combat in general is so basic is just.... Eh.

My experience especially with space combat was park my ship.  And just roll around and let the pirates come in to fet wrecked. I dont even bother to upgrade my shields.  Nothing out there is remotely dangerous enough to bother and there is no danger to stay stationary and fire.
I would certainly hope so. This year was pretty bad. 

Battlefield is in the top 10 worst games on steam ffs.
thinking about buying it on ps4 is there really anything thats different about the pc version than on the ps4 version besides the graphics?
I'm still expecting more. I'm still salty about the launch, the lies then, and what it did to the concept of hyped up pre orders. I'm not impressed that there's still so many big gaps in what is and what could be, this game still feels unfinished. Which to me, is nonsense after all this time. 

But I still keep going back to it. It's still fun.
Bf4 was a bigger turn around in my opinion. I could play and enjoyed no man sky from day 1. It’s still crazy how far it’s come tho. Bf4 was unplayable for months
I didn’t play the game til it was good - I was excited for it, but heard all the shit going on and didn’t get it. Last year I downloaded it off Xbox Game Pass, and I’ve been playing it ever since! NMS is one of the few games I can just drop into for a couple hours and lose myself in.
Well it's a GOOD NEWS  
Games should never launch the way NMS did
Unpopular opinion: My money is on CP2077 achieving this
Cyberpunk 2077 and BF2042 devs looking at this, hoping to sweet baby Jesus the carpenter they can pull that off.
Now if only the Avengers game could follow suit
There will never be another no mans sky because no one cares as much for their video game and community.
I remember at launch when I was so fu of wonder til I started seeing the same types of planets and creatures all the time. I quickly lost that sense of wonder.

Now, with all of the depth and with VR, I am always going into the game with that sense of wonder.
I never didn’t like the game
Ff14?
The game is great, but a part of me wishes the had only done exploration updates for 5 years.  Imagine the type of game we would have today.  I'm glad they've supported the game for free for so long though.  That should be what every developer strives for.
I hope cyberpunk 2077 is the next game to get this level of redemption
Who pays the devs?
Hello games makes it now
I dunno, at this point, I think we'll all be kind of disappointed if NMS2 winds up being perfect out of the box.  We need Sean to promise us the moon (well, more than the moon, we have billions in NMS already), and then slowly deliver it over the next 5 years.
That's what happens when a comp ay keeps its promises of further developing they're product.
Honestly I feel like there will be another game like no mans sky but better! It will be a long long wait maybe  10 or more years... but It will happen... probably not no mans sky 2 but an original game inspired by it... but I do love the game!!
ngl -- I enjoyed this game at launch
Well I sure hope not, I want games to be finished when they are released.
Oh yeah, now that it finally has the features we were promised and some more. Only took five years but yeah sure here we are.
Loved it then, love it now!
Bf2042
I still prefer the how it started version to the how it's going.
What listening to your community can do for you
Loved this game to death since day 1. Would really love a sequel at this point though.
    They won't do it, not soon anyway. They've updated the graphics and game engine to keep pace with technology, so they can make whatever improvements they want to the original game. I play in 4k on the best graphics card money can buy and I still don't always hit 60fps.
Serious question as I haven't picked it up since 2016. Has it really gotten that much better?
    The core mechanics and game loop remained almost the same, but there is so much more things to do, the planets are more varied and there's been a lot of quality of life improvements. It really depends of what you didn't like (or expected) from the game in the first place.
        Well, that sums it up nicely. Sounds much more like what I was expecting at launch. I didn't *dislike* the game I just got bored very quickly.
One of the greatest video game redemption stories of all time.
I remember trying to back track Systems in Vanilla NMS. No portals on the space stations so you had to try and find your last planet in the galaxy map 🙃. Never once found a system I had visited lol. If you found a cool thing or place and moved systems 😤 hope you took pictures!
I saw the trailer and fell in love with the game
It is super fun but for me it just gets repetitive after like 3-400 hours you start to see similar things. Still an amazing game but till more combat I don’t play much anymore I have hope tho the devs really work hard and keep adding more huge expansions
    I think the reason I never get bored is that I don't play it for very long--maybe an hour a day at most--and basebuilding brings out the architect in me so my enjoyment of the game is only limited by my imagination.
Depends on how well Elite Dangerous can pull their shit together... Or if star citizen ever gets a console port(which I know will never happen)
    How is E:D these days? I only played it a little bit back when it launched.
        The PC version is in an objectively better place than console - which is what I play on - but word is that it's recent updates are so buggy and broken that updates to the console have been indefinitely postponed, leaving it probably exactly where you left it.
Maybe a second game?  No Alien's Sky
    I wondered about a sequel, but they keep updating the graphics and game engine to keep pace with current technology so I don't think a sequel will be in the works as long as they have the desire to continue improving the OG.
[deleted]
    Star Citizen is a very different game than No Man's Sky. They are both space games so people are bound to compare them, but No Man's Sky is in a niche of its own. I can't think of any game I played in this century that is truly similar. Maybe the "Starflight" series back in the 1980s.
        [deleted]
            I'm actually looking forward to playing it, but I'm going to stay disciplined and wait until the official release.
I agree . However they could launch an update to polish the game. Get rid some nasty bugs and create automation and quality of life updates.
I remember back when Atlas Rises was the shit
    I was even a little excited for the first two updates that nobody really cared about, because of the vehicles and basebuilding.
Must admit I got bored. It feels like I'm going in circles without really achieving anything doing the same things over and over. The planets vary a bit but the interactions.
    Hmmm. I mean, I understand, but at the same time you're not really limited to doing the same few things in the game's current iteration. The list of varied activities you can pursue in the game is quite long at this point.
Cyberpunk has the potential for that kind of turnaround.  They got the early hate part done, and they say they’re still working on fixing the issues.  I’m skeptical that they’ll actually turn it around, but that’s the only other game I can think of that could have a similar arc.
Ive been saying for the last year; “If NMS could do it, Cyberpunk still has a chance.”
    I hope so. I think we all want Cyberpunk to redeem itself. The big budget nature of the game will make that more difficult because the studio can't afford to shell out millions in development without some return on investment. Hopefully they are smart about it and find a way to get it done.
ffxiv did it first doe
Or Battlefront 2
It’s funny, I’m really happy to see how well received the game has become, but I preferred the simplicity of the earlier versions of NMS
    I can't deny it's a very "busy" game at this point. However, simplistic games tend to be a bit lacking in replayability.
        There’s definitely more to keep you active while playing now, I couldn’t imagine playing with friends with the level of content before the multiplayer update being that fun. I really liked the more meditative focus of exploring the planets you travel too, with all the new missions I feel like it doesn’t require you to set out and explore. That being said it’s like two different games, the one now is great, it’s just not the type of game it was when it launched.
            I find that I have the most fun with the game when I make my own goals rather than pursuing what is laid out for me. I'm building a museum at the moment which will house every constructible item and collectible in the game when it is finished.
                That sounds really fun! I must admit I haven’t picked up the game in about a year (I’ve already had about 150 in the base game then like another 50 in VR) but I might be tempted to go back in after reading that!
Arguably star citizen when it's done
    Nah. They are both space games, and that's where most similarities end. Star Citizen is combat-focused, so it stands to reason it will have better combat when it finally departs beta testing. Probably has better combat now. Which in no way diminishes No Man's Sky, that's just the facts on the ground.
There should be a PSA reminding everybody that this studio and publisher are still extremely scummy and sold everybody a shell of a game that would be playable in almost a full year. Even now I bought this game a few weeks ago and had the bug where you can't exit dialogue and have to reset happen 4 times in a row, also tried to play multiplayer and couldn't use teleporters at all, so we had to just fly all the way.
    "...still extremely scummy..."

I think you'll find your opinion is in a weak minority at this point. Adding five years of content to a game for FREE is nearly unheard of. A few annoying bugs don't diminish that.  This is still an indie-sized studio programming an excessively ambitious game, and as such, bugs are to be expected. However, I acknowledge that you purchased the game and gave it a fair shake, and I respect that.
        Thank you. I don't really think I can find a better way to Counterpoint his statement better than you did, as you are extremely right in every point you make. I still don't understand why people have a negative view of Hello games after so much work that they have done, as you stated for free, in a day and age where microtransactions are everywhere and DLC of every kind is some kind of price. the work that hello games has been doing is both unheard-of and absolutely spectacular at the same time.
            “Unheard of and spectacular” lying your way into making AAA $$ and having more concurrent players on release than 90% of Steam games is scummy at best, illegal at worst. The work Hello Games have done is the bare minimum, delivering on promises made 5 years ago, for release, this content was always promised to be part of the game. Also what do micro transactions and DLC matter? They’re absolutely Ok as long as they’re cosmetic or add to the content promised on release, that is if you actually deliver that content.
                My question out of all of it is why hang onto 5 years ago? they have made leaps and strides and been listening to the community that they have managed to gather behind them, people had problems with cyberpunk 2077 and the launch that it had yet people are still trying to play that game still trying to make it better, what exactly does a small Indie developer team have to do in order to address the egregious insulte that you have received, that has lasted these five long years for you?!? they have no parent company to back them up like other developers do, no Indie team I have ever heard of has done something so ambitious as no man's Sky, no matter how it started out it is the largest open explorable game on the market. so unless you can give me some more definitive reasons on why hello games is such an evil satanic bastard of a development team your opinion and all of this is seriously outdated and does not need to be kept reminding everyone else about something that no longer matters
        I find it surprising that people like you give Hello Games credit for adding the content promised. Pretty scuffed moral compass considering that adding the it is the least Hello Games had to do, it was their obligation and they almost had no choice. Imagine if 2014 rust released as a full game, charged full game price, and promised to deliver a game like 2021 Rust, after the buggy release it’s their obligation to fulfill those promises. Also that content HAD to be FREE , it’s LITERALLY what they promised on release. Also the bugs I found were either game breaking or extremely annoying, having to altf4 4 times in a row due to broken dialogue and having to space travel due to not being able to use teleport are inexcusable for a game that released 5 years ago. Unfortunately people like you set an industry standard that as long as the devs patch the game, bullshit promises and broken releases are A OK, you see it with Battlefield 2042 and you’ll see it for dozens of other AAA games, this is terrible.
            No. Just no. They've added far more than what they promised. If you want to control the narrative, don't begin with a false premise.
You should check Cyberpunk 2077 ratings, and they're far from done.
Cyberpunk 2077 will do the same.
They could do so much more! I wish they would hire double the team and pump out some massive DLC. I would GLADLY pay more money. They deserve every penny! ❤️
I am just hoping for a NMSxStarWars crossover so I can get an x-wing or tie fighter as a ship.
It has been fun playing since Beta and watching the game evolve.

I liked it's first iteration, they are only now getting back to the creature diversity, still miss the massive diplos
I have the very first physical game copy with that pic on it :D I played it for awhile then stopped until they did the first update- took my whole base away from me and put me on a different planet! I was kinda mad but started over anyway. Been playing ever since. I just wish that when I went into different freighters that they didn't all look the same inside. It would be cool if each type had a different layout
let's not forget that trailers and the lies guys, come on 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e8OsdQkf4M](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e8OsdQkf4M)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wsFhv\_Kz38](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wsFhv_Kz38) (a bit of fun =p)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_g2FmxIN1Ns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_g2FmxIN1Ns)
Haven't played in a long time.  Is it still like having a second job trying to unlock recipes?
Bethesda does the same they just never get to the second phase
I reckon removing the ship summoner, and also the terrain manipulator, would be a good move for bringing a bit more thrill and danger to exploring a planet.
    It kind of goes both ways. There was absolutely a thrill and danger to it back in the day before ship summoning and the terrain manipulator. There was also a whole lot of "every step I take away from my ship is a step I have to take back to my ship and it's not worth wandering if I have to walk the fuck back". 

Then there was the ejector seat that left you with no choice but to walk forever back to your ship.
        Well we can keep the exocraft summoning perhaps :). Actually what I really wish for are larger ships that can *carry* an exocraft ;).
            We need drop deck big rig truck and trailers to haul our exocraft around.  
...  
This was a joke but oh no now I want it for real.
                Makes me think of the trucker ships in Cowboy Bebop.
                    Trucker ships... haven't watched too far, sounds interesting
                        Oh it's great. I can't remember which episode it was exactly but it's the latter half for sure.
                            Aren't there only like 16 eps?
                                It's been a while since I last watched it.
                Yep..with a 3rd axle on the cab!
            Carrying the Minotaur… prepare for titanfall!
                Well when you summon it using the freighter summon station it does that. Live it every time.
            Now that there would be pretty awesome.
            That was my thought when I played vanilla NMS
            Elite Dangerous is pretty cool in that regard, with the SRV popping in and out of your ship. I'm bothered that inventory slots have nothing to do with ship appearance and size in NMS.
            Can’t do it on the ships, but I’m pretty sure you can add an exocraft station to your freighter which lets you summon them to any planet!
                Yeah I know, but that's just not as *cool* ;).
        Oh goodness. The *walking* was sooo *boring* and I say this as a person who played World of Warcraft during Burning Crusade. I'm no stranger to lengthy periods of auto-run, but man, release NMS was cruel and unusual punishment.
            Oh man, struggling to get to a fel iron ore node while on a skeleton horse to level mining and blacksmithing on my warrior in low-50s blues in Hellfire Peninsula and then some troll shaman on flying mount on week 2 of the expac just swoops in and steals the node.

I may have rage whispered a lot of assholes in those weeks.
                Lol I hadn't read the comment you were replying to and was like hey this sounds a lot like WoW, I didn't know there was Fel Iron in NMS...oh
            thanks for the outland PTSD trigger lol
                How's this for PTSD? Blade's Edge Mountains sub-70
                    *whispers* plz, more
        haha, that was the same logic I used to avoid buying furniture for so long. every piece of furniture I buy is something I have to move. eventually though I broke down and bought an actual entertainment center for my tv because the crap desk I had been using was so ugly I was tired of it. no regrets I love the entertainment center I got. I realized that I just pay movers to do everything anyway so why sweat legitimately useful pieces of furniture.

then I got a small bookcase and a coffee table.
        Not really as you could look for an outpost and summon your ship from there.
            https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Ek6jgeF
        That ejector seat worked the other way around too. I launched my ship into orbit so many times without me sitting in it.
    I actually made a habit of not using either. I only use the manipulator for mining and the ship summoning when i want to pick a ship to sell or trade. Makes for some fun gameplay for me.
    The expeditions are pretty good at giving that beginning gameplay experience. I had to trek for so long without any means of transportation. I trained some local wildlife to be my pet so I could ride them a little faster, but I really do enjoy the parts of the game where my ship is disabled and I have to figure out stuff on my own. I try my best to not just call my ship when I play normally, but I often feel like I’m just wasting time when I’m back tracking. Luckily if you walk in a loop rather than a straight line, you’ll often have two very different trips both way.
        I think I'm in the minority, but I really enjoyed expediton 3 for how it forced me back to basics - I learnt to love the minotaur because that expedition prevented me from just puddle-jumping in my ship.
            Did people dislike the expedition? It’s the only one the game has let me play, and I liked it. I don’t think I got to finish it though.
                Oh, there was a lot of vitriol spewed at it.  People wondering why they made it so difficult.  What was the point.  Etc., etc., etc.

Well, ya know, we *are* playing a survival game here… so, survive!  It just meant we couldn’t zip to the location 10 hours away easily.

But what irritated a lot of people legit (myself included) is that when you find a beacon, it points to a random minor settlement somewhere on the planet, and it almost invariably was 10 or more hours away.  Further, once you used a beacon, any subsequent beacon is useless - it’ll point to the same place.  That could have been modified.

But ultimately, one just sets out to find a place at random.  Sure, the terrain was rough; so, tame a critter for a ride…
                Was that the one where you started on an acid planet with a cool ship with weird components? I loved that one.
            Agreed, expedition 3 was great for that reason
    u/bjfar

Actually, I would disagree with "ship summoner", I think all that would do is piss everyone off. This is especially true when they have bugs that will put your ship on another planet out of the blue and it would also put some personal limits on exploring on foot.

However, I don't see how the elimination of the terrain manipulator would do anything for the thrill and danger?

I'd like to see a user adjustable difficulty level for space battle/pirates/sentinels/frigate missions. Just one slide bar that a user can adjust in increments that start from the current difficulties to something much harder like it we would get pirates/frigate missions 4 and 5 star difficulty and pirates would have ships with similar damage potential as we have now with optimization. Imagine going up against 5 pirates whos ships have 300 ish damage and 300 ish shields.

Could get comfortable fighting each while devising new techniques to overcome the new difficulty levels.

The levels now would just be the base starting point.
        > I don't see how the elimination of the terrain manipulator would do anything for the thrill and danger?

*Incoming storm.*
        I find the terrain manipulator makes it too easy to take shortcuts everywhere. Want to climb up some difficult cliff? Just blast your way up through the rock at an angle. Exploring down some deep cave and get lost? Just blast your way out. I use it a lot without thinking in such situations, but each time i start a new game with a broken terrain manipulator I find it is actually way more cool not having it. Of course it is very convenient so I still use it, but would appreciate its absence as a survival mode challenge or some such.
            Oh I see, you used to be able do the same thing with the mining beam way back when. They always had that ability but it was in a different tech.

I could see that in survival
    Yup - I remember when you had to camp out in a chunk of copper to replenish your life support.

(For the youngsters, you couldn't make holes in the ground, but your basic mining laser worked on resource deposits - which were usually above ground)
    I'd like ship summing to stay but it could be an upgrade or limited
    Can always not use them if you want to make it harder, no reason to screw casuals over.
        I'd make it a survival mode thing, or some such.
            Good idea, maybe implement it into survival mode or something.
    [deleted]
        Yeah I appreciated expedition 3 for this feeling, was cool.
    Can't you also just, choose not to use those features? It's not like the game makes you.
        Nah that takes too much self discipline ;). Also I dunno, it feels "fake" somehow...
            That's honestly a fair argument lmao
    Assuming you carry some chromatic metal and carbon… it’s very easy to make a base computer and a wooden shelter. 

So I don’t really see the ‘danger’ aspect in traveling even without the summoner. Unless your on a planet that drains hazard protections in like 2 minutes but even then hardly time for you to get ‘lost’ or in danger
        In survival mode some planets and most storms drain your hazard protection in about ten seconds. If you can't dig a hole or summon your ship then you're dead, unless there is a cave right nearby. In fact I think most permadeath games end this way right at the start, when you can't do either of those things ;).

But sure, you can still build a shelter if you're really fast. I'd say that still counts as rather dangerous though.
            Oh survival mode is different from normal. I should specify don’t want it taken out of normal. Sorry forgot there’s a difference I’m still kinda new to the game lol (40 hours)

Even then though you can still dig
                That's why I say remove the terrain manipulator also :). And sure, I'm all for just doing this in "hard mode" of some description.
Same, I don’t really understand why the game got so much backlash when it came out.
    The main reason was there were a ton of features promised with the "1.0" release and the game was years away from delivering on many of them. To many it seemed like the face of their marketing campaign, Sean Murray, had simply lied about the game to drum up hype. There wasn't a road map for implementing a lot of what was promised, it was just released in an incomplete state with no real communication beforehand about the state of the game.

Once they realized how badly they screwed up, it was then they quieted the marketing campaigns and got to work adding the features they promised. And they've largely delivered on them since the initial launch. If they hadn't had such a hyped marketing campaign early in the process, the initial game would have been received as an average-to-lackluster exploration/survival entry with room for growth. But it deserved the scorn that was heaped on it at the start as a classic example of over-hyping a game that is nowhere near ready to deliver on the promised features.
        IDK though, I bought this game before base building was even a thing. This was back in 2016 btw. I wasn’t aware of the ‘promises’ until after Atlas Rises came out. I bought this game cuz I saw it in a Popular Science magazine lol. I wasn’t disappointed at all, but I can see why a bunch of people were.
    I had this game at launch and I think there’s a ton of recency bias when seeing comments like this today.

Everything the sibling said, not to mention it was buggy when it came out. Then there was the fact that every planet was very similar to the previous one you visited. Today we have a wide range of planets and animals but at launch if you visited 5 you’ve seen them all. It became boring quite quickly.

These things coupled with features shown not to be real caused frustration from the community of players. But thankfully they’ve fixed a lot of it and today it’s a great game.
        I didn’t get the game at launch, but I got it in November 2016. So about 3 months after launch, and before any major updates like Foundation. Even though there were only about 10 planet types at launch, I still loved it. That feeling I got when I hopped from planet to planet… even though it took me an hour to get 25 plutonium LOL.

I agree that there’s some recency bias in similar comments. The game is a lot better than it was a few years ago, mostly because there’s more stuff to do in the game, and because the game is a lot easier now. It took me a long time to be able to make 1 warp cell, not to mention the hyperdrive Tau, Theta, etc. upgrades. Now I can get a warp hypercore in 2 minutes. Also, space pirates are really toned down compared to 5 years ago.
            Completely agree, you had to grind it a lot more for less before and I always died from the pirates, now they’re much easier to kill.
    I couldn't get it to even load. To date, it's the only game I have ever refunded on Steam. I changed my negative review to positive around the Next update, and now have over 2100 hours in-game.
I literally spent 2 hours in the fucking tutorial planet trying to escape some random cave I got lost in with absolutely no indication of the way out. After that I visited a few more planets and found nothing much of interest. How much has the game changed would you say?
    I did that before I learned how to run. Lol. I know that pain. I've gotten lost so many times. It's worse when you swim around and end up forever away from any land at all. 

The game is much easier to navigate now. I recommend giving it a shot. Just don't overwhelm yourself with goals. Start off by exploring and getting a freighter and frigates to send on missions. Or max out your shields. Small steps.
It took me a month before I put it down, I was unemployed and loving the exploration and upgrading and then it felt empty. Didn't hate it, but did feel robbed.

Have come back for every update and now I'm logging in every night for 30 minutes or soto tinker with my settlement and make stasis devices.
Exactly the same for me!! The building is so nice right now and the game feels so much more alive. I enjoy the space anomaly also, that was a good move on their part.
Still my biggest negative are the controls and inventory management... it feels like a bad PC-port in that regard. Definitely manageable though.
    having the controller mapping not be in game is so frustrating
I feel ya… it’s been such an enjoyable experience to play. The game is epic and sparks my creativity and curiosity in a way that not many games can do.
That would be pretty rad. "Oh look, a settlement! I can buy some ion batteries and summon my ship to get off this rock."

*Saunter into the building full of hostile Vy'keen.*

"Oh noes! They aren't friendly!"
I love no man's sky, don't get me wrong, but I hate the climate it's created. It isn't really hello game's fault either. Just that big companies saw the positive reaction to NMS and are adopting the practice of releasing broken stuff and patching it later more than ever now.
    NMS was not the first in that regard. A lack of time and/or resources has always been a problem in the gaming industry. Bethesda has been releasing buggy messes since forever.
        This started being a problem not long after everyone got Internet and could download patches. Before that it was mostly via magazines (demo CDs) and floppy. And on consoles with ROMs, the game had to work (although the games were a bit smaller back then :))
        Everyone seems to also forget about Atari. Market was completely flooded with bad games that eventually helped lead to the fall of the console.

Bad launches have always been a thing, and developers still try and avoid it. Upper management... not so much. However, sometimes game production costs makes that unavoidable. Companies aren't going to risk bankruptcy just to make a game good. The only difference now is that things *can* be fixed post launch.
        a buggy mess really is not the problem tho. The problem is when core design choices are made based on metrics instead of what the players want. and then when the new metrics show that the design choices were wrong they get adapted. instead of listening to the community from the get go. Best example for this is World of Warcraft. on a 2 year cycle they release bullshit systems where the community tells them after a month of play testing which issues are gonna arise and they brush it off because they know better only to implement the exact changes the community suggested 1,5 years after release. 


Bugs are bound to happen. the more complex the game the more likely it is to have bugs. But design choices (like the most recent example of the new Battlefield) are the big issue with AAA titles nowadays
    Cyberpunk 2077 fans are weeping
    100% this.  I'm happy for Hello Games, they are really trying but their turnaround success is use case for other game developers to gesture to when they release shit.  And I so dislike when fanbases also point to Hello Games.  Maybe let's stop releasing shit.
I think that has to go to FFXIV, has anyone else made nuking the original game a part of the lore of the story
    World of warcraft: cataclysm
        Cataclysm is where it went downhill,maybe Legion if they kept up the good work but you know how that turned out.
            Legion was the best WoW ever was. Playing on Vanilla private servers and playing Classic made me realize that.
                The #1 expac is Wrath

The #2 expac is Legion

I will die on this hill
                    They can be interchangeable.I loved both,Wotlk for the nostalgia from WC3 and Legion for it's almost insane scale and also nostalgia from WC3 with us facing down the final boss of WoW.Sargeras' death is wasted imo.
                    Absolutely. Those two were my favorites as well!
                    I’ll die on that hill with you too.
                Gotta disagree tbh WOTLK will forever sit atop all wow expansions as the greatest. ICC is one of the best PvE raids in any MMO I’ve ever played
        Cataclysm sucked for PvE content (fuck twilight bastion) but as a frost mage main in arena and rated BG that expansion absolute slapped. Easily one of my favorite expansions for pvp in WoW.

Now MoP on the other hand……
        Arguably that's the reverse. It made the game worse rather than better.
    destiny 2 did that
        4 years after FFXIV did it
Battlefront 2 had a similar turnaround
    Yeah but Battlefront 2 is still just a Star Wars skinned Battlefield clone whereas NMS was hugely ambitious.
        Agree, can't understand how people keep praising BF2. I mean, yeah, it's a good fun game and after they got rid of that "yo pay for every single bit of game you damn cow" thing it was nice. The uproar was glorious to watch.   
   
That said, has anyone seen the plans for the cancelled BF3 game that was going to follow the Classic BF2? Capital ship fighting, space-to-land maps and combat, long and interesting campaign, air combat in land maps, and a fully supported offline mode and Galactic Conquest (not just some "arcade" maps).
            BF2 sure is shiny and sounds like star wars. Otherwise, it's just not that good. The OG PS2 BF2 was better.
        That doesn’t mean it wasn’t a huge turnaround
        The problem with NMS is that it _was_ highly ambitious and has since pared back most of that ambition to put out something that caters to a wider audience. Gone are most of the interesting features and systems and in their place are much more basic and simplistic alternatives.
        No it's not :/.

Battlefield is a slow paced shooter while Battlefront is an arcade shooter with hero combat.

Also you say that as if it's a bad thing.
            Eh, sure it's faster than Battlefield and there are hero characters but hard meh on the whole thing. If you're obsessed with star wars nostalgia it's kinda fun because the laser guns go pew pew with the right noise but overall  I'd rather play the original Battlefront 2 for PS2.
                I also play the original BF2.

But the new one is alos looking real sexy with its modding community.
                    Yeah fair, I don't have a gaming PC at the moment and if I did I'd be modding Skyrim until it broke or catching up on the past 5 years of PC games, not modding BF2. 

It's not a bad game it's just not for me. Yes they had a fantastic turnaround, but it was basically EA greed that caused the initial problem whereas I feel like NMS was more of a Molyneux style over-ambition problem.
                        Yeah, I guess that's fair.
I do say that the original BF games do have some sweet mods. BF1 recently got a gigantic mod and BF2 is getting a BF3 mod.

NMS is always a different story. It takes a lot to transform from one of the most hated games on the planet into what it is now.
        [deleted]
            Sounds like an incorrect deduction
    Not really.  The only reason why early BF2 sucked was microtransaction hell and everything about EA.  I'm not saying the game launched beautifully, but it wasn't the hellscape that say Cyberpunk was at launch.    


Hello Games really owned the fact they fucked up, and cranked out free content after free content after free content to make the game the great experience it is lately.  This is honestly the lesson all publishers need to learn nowadays as the pandemic has increased the launches of just subpar and broken games by like everyone these days. EA has to deal with their Madden and FIFA yearly nonsense as well as BF2042 shitting the bed hard. Ubisoft isn't so hot lately with shaky launches for Watch Dogs Legion and even AC Valhalla there. 2K, just yikes. Already mentioned CDPR. And honestly, who knew that Rockstar would just really fuck up the GTA 3 Trilogy like that.  So now we wait and see who learns the actual lesson and who is just posturing to be looked at better. One would hope it'd be CD Projekt Red with fixing Cyberpunk but there's already talk of them focusing on DLC as opposed to making sure the game is fixed.  The game is still basically unplayable for Xbox One and PS4 users, but for whatever reason are big sellers there.   EA didn't learn the lesson about Paying to Win from Battlefront because Battlefield V launched in a similar fashion with Pay to Win and that community didn't rise up as the BF2 community did.  And that same thinking gave the world BF2042.
        Edit: Hello fellow redditor! You may pass and let us forget this embarrassing reply made by me.
            You need to reread what I wrote because I said they did.

More specifically, I said the BF V community didn’t rise up like the BF2 did.

So, no, I’m not ignorant.
                Ah....I am a dimwit.
                    No, because you made very good points. I’m not tearing you down for those.  So, you made a great case, especially about the loot boxes.

No blood, no foul.
        I played Cyberpunk at release and had fewer bugs than Witcher 1-3 or Skyrim. Granted, you need a good PC but then it works fine. On last gen consoles it was a mess tho.
    It’s still fun too but god there are some insanely sweaty try harder every match and many hackers
Whenever NMS is mentioned ever on the internet, there's always a "biggest/greatest X in game history" and "they could take money and run but they didn't"

Every single time.
    It's truly pathetic
        Why?
            Maybe that user really hates superlatives?
            Because the game still isn't what was promised
                I have no idea what that has to do with my original statement.
            Because it shouldn't have had to be this way. Happy it is though.
Yup it really set the new standard of releasing an almost finished game.
For such a small studio it was a huge success. It made more than $46 million dollars at launch. Also it's pretty famous. almost everyone knows NMS. Pretty good for a game deleoped by 6 people (later 15)

Hello Games has 26 employees (2020)
    Blows my mind how those 15 can accomosh more than the big dogs sometimes. 

Also, I'm not sure the initial success should be boasted, considering it's the reason the game had to have a comeback in the first place. Still impressive, though.
Lol totally understand. Same situation. No time to game, every second is precious
    Can relate. Hoping when kids are older they will want to explore No Man Sky and I can watch in amazement.
        Can also relate....this hurts. And when i have time i can just play for 10 minutes straight. Then i am just tired. And i have no idea why. Games make me tired for some reason :(
            Thats funny you mention that because my nephew also says gaming makes him tired. He will play for like 30 mins then take a nap.
                Lol it wasn't like that before. After getting 2 kids and working i got to the point of fatigue every day. I tried even taking vacation. It doesn't work. Help!
                    Your comments are exactly what I fear the most about having kids with my partner.
                        Don't get me wrong. Having kids is a blessing. It really is but the truth is that it's also a second fulltime job. The only difference is that your Boss/Bosses is/are the cutest you can imagine.

Imagine this: your biggest love in life. Do you see a pumping heart? As a symbol of your life. Now put it under fire. That burning heart is the next dimension of love you are experiencing by having kids. You can't imagine until you have some. Just be prepared.
                            I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
                                Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
                            Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
            Nop mate, life in general make us tired, games are nice and relaxing leisure, but they take our precious time for deep resting. Gamer dad here, I wish I would have more time…
I hear you. Just remember the games will still be there when your kids are older, the time you have with them now you never get back, so you are deffo doing it right. I have a 2 and 4 yo and miss those 3am gaming sessions. I'm excited to see if they enjoy gaming and play games together. Untitled Goose Game was a successful pilot.
It gets better :)

The kiddo is almost 5 now and she likes to watch me play, loves seeing the "alien dinos" walking around on a planet, and wondering how I'm going upgrade my bases.
Now it still happen with these pre orders nowadays. Cyberpunk, battlefield, warcraft reforged, gta definitive shit edition.
    Cyberpunk is fair, but isn’t bf still in beta? The other 2 are remasters (not even remakes) that should inherently be treated with even more caution than a new release, not to mention that it is never justified to pay a full price for a remaster
        No, bf is out, but it should still be in alpha. Massive dumpster fire.
            Huh I thought it eill be released later this month, goes to show much I care about them lol 

Anyway, shame, but after V, it was kinda expected for them to fuck this up as well somehow
                If you play Breakthrough on the Pacific maps (free DLC) BFV is a fantastic time. The movement and mechanics feel great. It's just that most of the original maps are a bit shit and they kept fucking with TTK to try to give noobs a chance, which just pissed off everyone. It's finally stable and goddamn is it fun. 

People act like it's the best game ever made but Battlefield 4 was dogshit on release, like constant desync errors and glitches out the absolute ass, it was about a year before it was playable. Most Battlefield games launch ropy and then get good after a ton of patches. From the beta I played of 2042 I don't see that happening because the problem isn't tedhnical - the game runs pretty well. The problem is with fundamental design decisions that can't be patched away. 2042 is basically just a way of playing old Battlefield multiplayer maps again with shiny graphics.
                    Really every 2042 complaint Ive seen has been some glitch or bug. What design decisions are you referring to?
                        Removal of the entire class system, no chat at all, no scoreboard, ~23 guns ~4 playable maps when BF4 launched with double the guns and 7 maps among many other things
                            Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
                        Maps too large/too many players so you don't feel like you have much impact.

Removal of factions in favour of hero characters cloned l over the battlefield. Really this comes down to the whole game being designed with the Hunt Showdown style gamemode front and center in their minds.

In the beta, no map outside of spawn screen (idk if this is fixed).

That's what comes off the top of my head. It just felt super soulless in the beta and I couldn't get into it at all.
Lol yep was going to say the same thing. Hopefully no other company ever blatantly lies as hard as they did.
Yeah I'm still mad about it. The new current standard is "sell hype and deliver and unfinished product, patch it later".
I don’t think there’s any real risk of companies seeing what happened with NMS and trying to pursue it as a strategy.  The reality is that a catastrophic launch like NMS does MASSIVE reputational damage to a company, and recovering from that is both unlikely and extremely costly.

The recovery effort basically amounts to doing tons of work, not charging for it, and praying that it saves your reputation.  I can’t imagine any business actively following this strategy.

What redemption stories like NMS and FFXIV do, do is let companies know that if they have a catastrophic launch, there IS some hope of recovery, and they need not just abandon the game.
[deleted]
    Dafuq you talking about the lead developer went on national television on a late night talk show and said there was multiplayer like 2 weeks before the game came out. The game was 1st person only and there wasn't even a model for your character nevermind actually being "able to play with your friends".
        And then they didn't say anything or make any press releases for months.
    They straight up lied about the game get the fuck outta here
    I've seen and really enjoyed it. He made quite a lot of valid remark about how the game was doomed over time for multiple reason, not always in their control. But it should have been said. Whatever bad luck happen, if the game is not in the desired state nor the one advertised, it's their responsability to say it.
Is it $10 yet?
    Got it for 10 bucks for PS4 a few years ago. Greatest gaming investment I've ever made to date probably.
        Unfortunately I just asked for a refund, doesn’t run well on my pc.

Now I want a PS4 :/
            Recommend the PS5 if you can snag one. NMS is great on the PS4 but even better on the 5.
Exactly. Do it like Deathloop. Rather delay the game for a year than rush it.
-cries in Battlefield 2042-
    *Cries in Cyberpunk 2077*
        Go tell that to the cult over at the low sodium sub 


And before anyone calls me a hater, I defended that game for the *longest* time. But….it’s been a year and all we’ve got are a few small patches? Lol where’s the DLC? Where the next gen upgrade? I get it, covid, but how many times is this company going to promise things and then change their minds? Fuck CDPR.
            Cyberpunk has some major issues with the core engine itself which I think is why everything else is so slow.  I sure hope they fix it, I love it even with its many flaws, but wouldn't be shocked if it never gets truly polished.
        *just cries in general*
[deleted]
That's also my feeling. The game has changed so much, it's nothing like the original vision Hello Games had when it was first announced.
What's the state of CP2077 these days?

The game interests me but I figured I would give it a few years to get "NMSed" before I bought in .
    Got better reviews. Back to positive on Steam. But they promised much more content next year so I'd wait until next major patch
    At this rate I’d wait until 2077 


At the earliest
It feels like an actual game now and not a tech demo. I enjoyed it when it first came out, but I was pretty disappointed. I felt like we got the wish.com version of the e3 trailer haha. 

It’s pretty fun now. The base building alone makes it much more enjoyable to me. I’d easily pay full price if I didn’t own it already. Hello Games deserves the praise they’re getting.
I'm not your guy, pal
I'd say just explore for starters, the sense of discovery is best that way instead of having everything laid out for you and going through the motions. Then as you continue you might want to look things up here and there. I have 300 hours into it and am still finding/learning about new stuff. Whatever you do, don't use glitches or cheats, it's the most fun to earn everything.
>Then I realised I had "kill 15 creatures" as one of the expedition grinds, so here I am mowing down these non-agressive creatures while the emotional ambient music is playing lmao.

"It's nothing personal guys, but I've got a mission, and you've got infinite spawns.  Plus, you don't even bleed."
I'm pretty sure the GTA remaster is just a troll.  There's no other explanation for how they actually made the games *worse* than the originals.
That game is such a massive scam. It's tough to even call it a game, considering there's basically nothing to do.
Yep. I also watched every video, listened to every podcast and read every article I could find between VGX and launch, and Sean definitely downplayed multiplayer at almost every opportunity. But no one listened. Granted, he was a programmer playing at public relations, and that never ends well. I think the flood hurt their production more than they let on.
Have fun! If it becomes too grindy, realize that many of the things you must mine or harvest in the game are cheaply purchasable at space stations.
    Wow, played a few hours. Wild how time just disappears haha
Even tho now I love the game, what they did (and what CP2077 did) should definitely be fined.
I 100% agree. I like the game as it is now, but literally no other industry can get away with the stuff companies in the gaming industry get away with. 

The false advertising alone should have lead to fines at the very least.
    kinda amazed people here agree, i have been downvoted on several posts stating the exact same thing. Probably just a fuckton of people on this sub that dunno how the real world hangs together
I played it recently and I have no idea what people are talking about. Even as a base builder it's lacking. The game world is soulless and empty. It's pretty but that's it. Even the base building is a monotonous grind clearly meant to drive up the hours.
Shareholders wouldn't stand for it.  HG can pull it off because they're a small team, so long-tail residual sales is enough to keep funding development indefinitely.  But you take an AAA studio with thousands of developers and artists and managers and gofers etc, and doing what HG is doing would run the company into debt.
    Public trading is the mistake in a lot of cases.
This. FF14 and No mans sky are on par in terms of a bad launch to a succesfull game.
Because those corporate twatmuffins never had the ambition, just big promises for marketing. Hello Games have proven their ambition was genuine, their hearts in the right place. The thing is had HG just minecrafted this and said "this is a beta. To be updated" on launch then the turnaround would not be a thing, rookie PR mistake I think.

CDPR... jury's out if they are a twatmuffin or not in this regard, they deffo are for crunch and their launch was not a rookie error, just a cluster-f-word.
Except now you also get AAA studios’ games released not even half-baked because they want to replicate it.
Why would you feel vindicated about pre-ordering it when you regretted it on launch? Shouldn't the lesson have been "woah, I shouldn't preorder games. Guess I'll wait and see if they are worth playing, like I should have done with NMS"?
    Uhhhh.. ya. I did learn that and I haven't. That has nothing with feeling good about a game that worked out great in the long run. I still had a lot fun at launch, where did I say I regretted it lol. it just wore off after a while and it's just a vastly better game now.
> FOR FREE

*for the original price*.
    Yes and no. I bought the game at a super discount for 15 euros years ago, now the full price is around 50/60 euros.

Also, all the updates are DLCs and we never got charged a single cent for them. So I keep saying that they gave us tons of content for free.
        >So I keep saying that they gave us tons of content for free.

But they didn't. They mislead and cheated consumers by releasing an incomplete and broken game and charging full price for it. They eventually gave people the features and content they had promised. This isn't giving you content for free. It's giving you the content you paid for, late. 

And using the term 'DLC' like you are renders it meaningless. DLC implies paid content, otherwise every 'downloadable' update is DLC. Just giving their updates names doesn't make them DLC.
No, I edited them with a potato
    Please edit with photoshop or GIMP
        As a shit poster, I feel too much effort defeats the point
            Stay true to yourself
            You're cool man, don't need to change a thing.
        gimp is hard😣
            But free
>It’s megablocks of space sims lol

That's a funny analogy. It does appeal to a certain personality type for sure. It's pretty chill and takes patience. It's absolutely not a hollow experience, there's a lot going on but you have to dig and get to know the mechanics and systems. It's more for Star Trek fans instead of Star Wars... that's probably a better analogy. COD fans are right out.
Close. It's "mostly harmless"
I think 2042 is bad because of design and I don't know what they can do to fix that. EA turned BF4 and eventually 5 around, they don't just abandon BFs. 4 was dogshit on release and everyone adored it now.
Can they fix the game? Yeah with enough patches no doubt it will be bug-free one day.

  
Can they give us the game they promised? No, impossible. If they truly wanted to make the game they showed us through the trailers it would've taken them \~3 more years.
    True
Honestly, the game itself was not bad, just the state of it in terms of bugs, glitches and performance depending on the system it was run on. I actually quite enjoyed the game on PC, getting 200 hours and 3 playthroughs in before any of the larger patches, with my biggest issue being random non-game breaking glitches that just took me out of the story a bit. I actually started a 4th playthrough and was surprised by how much better even just the intro section of the game felt after the 1.31 patch, but decided to then hold off until the next big patch after that comes in for the 4th run.

I can definitely see CP2077 having the same type of story once CDPR gets all the issues taken care of and actually starts introducing new content and improvements into the game (the little bit of DLC they did before I don't even count). I guess the big question is if people will actually 'forgive' CDPR, since based on most of what I see online, people and opinion sites have too much fun crapping on CP2077 at every chance they get.

That said, I'm mainly looking at it in terms of PC and the newer consoles, I don't see it ever being that great on the oldest consoles it was released on as it probably never *should have* been released on those just due to how old the hardware in them is.
    I agree on everything, I just hope that it gets the same love by the devs that nms received over the past years
        I think (and hope) it will, if for no other reason than I don't think CDPR wants to leave people with a bad impression of CP2077 before moving on to their next thing. I think they understand they need to repair their reputation by fixing CP2077, and then also deliver a good launch on whatever their next game is to repair the damage the CP2077 launch did.
EA has no integrity and no interest in doing anything remotely close to what Hello Games pulled off.  
If the bad press stops, that'll be good enough. Once the game doesn't turn a profit anymore it'll be dropped for the next golden pile of garbage.

EA rather abandons or slaughters their cows if they don't give enough milk, instead of nurturing them and taking them to the vet.
They will and always do. Folks seem to forget every battlefield launch ever has been like this. Same with folks hating on em for stupid reasons. Remember the BF1/V hate for daring to include women?
No this game is objectively the best now it is fact not opinion /s
They won't do it, not soon anyway. They've updated the graphics and game engine to keep pace with technology, so they can make whatever improvements they want to the original game. I play in 4k on the best graphics card money can buy and I still don't always hit 60fps.
The core mechanics and game loop remained almost the same, but there is so much more things to do, the planets are more varied and there's been a lot of quality of life improvements. It really depends of what you didn't like (or expected) from the game in the first place.
    Well, that sums it up nicely. Sounds much more like what I was expecting at launch. I didn't *dislike* the game I just got bored very quickly.
I think the reason I never get bored is that I don't play it for very long--maybe an hour a day at most--and basebuilding brings out the architect in me so my enjoyment of the game is only limited by my imagination.
How is E:D these days? I only played it a little bit back when it launched.
    The PC version is in an objectively better place than console - which is what I play on - but word is that it's recent updates are so buggy and broken that updates to the console have been indefinitely postponed, leaving it probably exactly where you left it.
I wondered about a sequel, but they keep updating the graphics and game engine to keep pace with current technology so I don't think a sequel will be in the works as long as they have the desire to continue improving the OG.
Star Citizen is a very different game than No Man's Sky. They are both space games so people are bound to compare them, but No Man's Sky is in a niche of its own. I can't think of any game I played in this century that is truly similar. Maybe the "Starflight" series back in the 1980s.
    [deleted]
        I'm actually looking forward to playing it, but I'm going to stay disciplined and wait until the official release.
I was even a little excited for the first two updates that nobody really cared about, because of the vehicles and basebuilding.
Hmmm. I mean, I understand, but at the same time you're not really limited to doing the same few things in the game's current iteration. The list of varied activities you can pursue in the game is quite long at this point.
I hope so. I think we all want Cyberpunk to redeem itself. The big budget nature of the game will make that more difficult because the studio can't afford to shell out millions in development without some return on investment. Hopefully they are smart about it and find a way to get it done.
I can't deny it's a very "busy" game at this point. However, simplistic games tend to be a bit lacking in replayability.
    There’s definitely more to keep you active while playing now, I couldn’t imagine playing with friends with the level of content before the multiplayer update being that fun. I really liked the more meditative focus of exploring the planets you travel too, with all the new missions I feel like it doesn’t require you to set out and explore. That being said it’s like two different games, the one now is great, it’s just not the type of game it was when it launched.
        I find that I have the most fun with the game when I make my own goals rather than pursuing what is laid out for me. I'm building a museum at the moment which will house every constructible item and collectible in the game when it is finished.
            That sounds really fun! I must admit I haven’t picked up the game in about a year (I’ve already had about 150 in the base game then like another 50 in VR) but I might be tempted to go back in after reading that!
Nah. They are both space games, and that's where most similarities end. Star Citizen is combat-focused, so it stands to reason it will have better combat when it finally departs beta testing. Probably has better combat now. Which in no way diminishes No Man's Sky, that's just the facts on the ground.
"...still extremely scummy..."

I think you'll find your opinion is in a weak minority at this point. Adding five years of content to a game for FREE is nearly unheard of. A few annoying bugs don't diminish that.  This is still an indie-sized studio programming an excessively ambitious game, and as such, bugs are to be expected. However, I acknowledge that you purchased the game and gave it a fair shake, and I respect that.
    Thank you. I don't really think I can find a better way to Counterpoint his statement better than you did, as you are extremely right in every point you make. I still don't understand why people have a negative view of Hello games after so much work that they have done, as you stated for free, in a day and age where microtransactions are everywhere and DLC of every kind is some kind of price. the work that hello games has been doing is both unheard-of and absolutely spectacular at the same time.
        “Unheard of and spectacular” lying your way into making AAA $$ and having more concurrent players on release than 90% of Steam games is scummy at best, illegal at worst. The work Hello Games have done is the bare minimum, delivering on promises made 5 years ago, for release, this content was always promised to be part of the game. Also what do micro transactions and DLC matter? They’re absolutely Ok as long as they’re cosmetic or add to the content promised on release, that is if you actually deliver that content.
            My question out of all of it is why hang onto 5 years ago? they have made leaps and strides and been listening to the community that they have managed to gather behind them, people had problems with cyberpunk 2077 and the launch that it had yet people are still trying to play that game still trying to make it better, what exactly does a small Indie developer team have to do in order to address the egregious insulte that you have received, that has lasted these five long years for you?!? they have no parent company to back them up like other developers do, no Indie team I have ever heard of has done something so ambitious as no man's Sky, no matter how it started out it is the largest open explorable game on the market. so unless you can give me some more definitive reasons on why hello games is such an evil satanic bastard of a development team your opinion and all of this is seriously outdated and does not need to be kept reminding everyone else about something that no longer matters
    I find it surprising that people like you give Hello Games credit for adding the content promised. Pretty scuffed moral compass considering that adding the it is the least Hello Games had to do, it was their obligation and they almost had no choice. Imagine if 2014 rust released as a full game, charged full game price, and promised to deliver a game like 2021 Rust, after the buggy release it’s their obligation to fulfill those promises. Also that content HAD to be FREE , it’s LITERALLY what they promised on release. Also the bugs I found were either game breaking or extremely annoying, having to altf4 4 times in a row due to broken dialogue and having to space travel due to not being able to use teleport are inexcusable for a game that released 5 years ago. Unfortunately people like you set an industry standard that as long as the devs patch the game, bullshit promises and broken releases are A OK, you see it with Battlefield 2042 and you’ll see it for dozens of other AAA games, this is terrible.
        No. Just no. They've added far more than what they promised. If you want to control the narrative, don't begin with a false premise.
It kind of goes both ways. There was absolutely a thrill and danger to it back in the day before ship summoning and the terrain manipulator. There was also a whole lot of "every step I take away from my ship is a step I have to take back to my ship and it's not worth wandering if I have to walk the fuck back". 

Then there was the ejector seat that left you with no choice but to walk forever back to your ship.
    Well we can keep the exocraft summoning perhaps :). Actually what I really wish for are larger ships that can *carry* an exocraft ;).
        We need drop deck big rig truck and trailers to haul our exocraft around.  
...  
This was a joke but oh no now I want it for real.
            Makes me think of the trucker ships in Cowboy Bebop.
                Trucker ships... haven't watched too far, sounds interesting
                    Oh it's great. I can't remember which episode it was exactly but it's the latter half for sure.
                        Aren't there only like 16 eps?
                            It's been a while since I last watched it.
            Yep..with a 3rd axle on the cab!
        Carrying the Minotaur… prepare for titanfall!
            Well when you summon it using the freighter summon station it does that. Live it every time.
        Now that there would be pretty awesome.
        That was my thought when I played vanilla NMS
        Elite Dangerous is pretty cool in that regard, with the SRV popping in and out of your ship. I'm bothered that inventory slots have nothing to do with ship appearance and size in NMS.
        Can’t do it on the ships, but I’m pretty sure you can add an exocraft station to your freighter which lets you summon them to any planet!
            Yeah I know, but that's just not as *cool* ;).
    Oh goodness. The *walking* was sooo *boring* and I say this as a person who played World of Warcraft during Burning Crusade. I'm no stranger to lengthy periods of auto-run, but man, release NMS was cruel and unusual punishment.
        Oh man, struggling to get to a fel iron ore node while on a skeleton horse to level mining and blacksmithing on my warrior in low-50s blues in Hellfire Peninsula and then some troll shaman on flying mount on week 2 of the expac just swoops in and steals the node.

I may have rage whispered a lot of assholes in those weeks.
            Lol I hadn't read the comment you were replying to and was like hey this sounds a lot like WoW, I didn't know there was Fel Iron in NMS...oh
        thanks for the outland PTSD trigger lol
            How's this for PTSD? Blade's Edge Mountains sub-70
                *whispers* plz, more
    haha, that was the same logic I used to avoid buying furniture for so long. every piece of furniture I buy is something I have to move. eventually though I broke down and bought an actual entertainment center for my tv because the crap desk I had been using was so ugly I was tired of it. no regrets I love the entertainment center I got. I realized that I just pay movers to do everything anyway so why sweat legitimately useful pieces of furniture.

then I got a small bookcase and a coffee table.
    Not really as you could look for an outpost and summon your ship from there.
        https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Ek6jgeF
    That ejector seat worked the other way around too. I launched my ship into orbit so many times without me sitting in it.
I actually made a habit of not using either. I only use the manipulator for mining and the ship summoning when i want to pick a ship to sell or trade. Makes for some fun gameplay for me.
The expeditions are pretty good at giving that beginning gameplay experience. I had to trek for so long without any means of transportation. I trained some local wildlife to be my pet so I could ride them a little faster, but I really do enjoy the parts of the game where my ship is disabled and I have to figure out stuff on my own. I try my best to not just call my ship when I play normally, but I often feel like I’m just wasting time when I’m back tracking. Luckily if you walk in a loop rather than a straight line, you’ll often have two very different trips both way.
    I think I'm in the minority, but I really enjoyed expediton 3 for how it forced me back to basics - I learnt to love the minotaur because that expedition prevented me from just puddle-jumping in my ship.
        Did people dislike the expedition? It’s the only one the game has let me play, and I liked it. I don’t think I got to finish it though.
            Oh, there was a lot of vitriol spewed at it.  People wondering why they made it so difficult.  What was the point.  Etc., etc., etc.

Well, ya know, we *are* playing a survival game here… so, survive!  It just meant we couldn’t zip to the location 10 hours away easily.

But what irritated a lot of people legit (myself included) is that when you find a beacon, it points to a random minor settlement somewhere on the planet, and it almost invariably was 10 or more hours away.  Further, once you used a beacon, any subsequent beacon is useless - it’ll point to the same place.  That could have been modified.

But ultimately, one just sets out to find a place at random.  Sure, the terrain was rough; so, tame a critter for a ride…
            Was that the one where you started on an acid planet with a cool ship with weird components? I loved that one.
        Agreed, expedition 3 was great for that reason
u/bjfar

Actually, I would disagree with "ship summoner", I think all that would do is piss everyone off. This is especially true when they have bugs that will put your ship on another planet out of the blue and it would also put some personal limits on exploring on foot.

However, I don't see how the elimination of the terrain manipulator would do anything for the thrill and danger?

I'd like to see a user adjustable difficulty level for space battle/pirates/sentinels/frigate missions. Just one slide bar that a user can adjust in increments that start from the current difficulties to something much harder like it we would get pirates/frigate missions 4 and 5 star difficulty and pirates would have ships with similar damage potential as we have now with optimization. Imagine going up against 5 pirates whos ships have 300 ish damage and 300 ish shields.

Could get comfortable fighting each while devising new techniques to overcome the new difficulty levels.

The levels now would just be the base starting point.
    > I don't see how the elimination of the terrain manipulator would do anything for the thrill and danger?

*Incoming storm.*
    I find the terrain manipulator makes it too easy to take shortcuts everywhere. Want to climb up some difficult cliff? Just blast your way up through the rock at an angle. Exploring down some deep cave and get lost? Just blast your way out. I use it a lot without thinking in such situations, but each time i start a new game with a broken terrain manipulator I find it is actually way more cool not having it. Of course it is very convenient so I still use it, but would appreciate its absence as a survival mode challenge or some such.
        Oh I see, you used to be able do the same thing with the mining beam way back when. They always had that ability but it was in a different tech.

I could see that in survival
Yup - I remember when you had to camp out in a chunk of copper to replenish your life support.

(For the youngsters, you couldn't make holes in the ground, but your basic mining laser worked on resource deposits - which were usually above ground)
I'd like ship summing to stay but it could be an upgrade or limited
Can always not use them if you want to make it harder, no reason to screw casuals over.
    I'd make it a survival mode thing, or some such.
        Good idea, maybe implement it into survival mode or something.
[deleted]
    Yeah I appreciated expedition 3 for this feeling, was cool.
Can't you also just, choose not to use those features? It's not like the game makes you.
    Nah that takes too much self discipline ;). Also I dunno, it feels "fake" somehow...
        That's honestly a fair argument lmao
Assuming you carry some chromatic metal and carbon… it’s very easy to make a base computer and a wooden shelter. 

So I don’t really see the ‘danger’ aspect in traveling even without the summoner. Unless your on a planet that drains hazard protections in like 2 minutes but even then hardly time for you to get ‘lost’ or in danger
    In survival mode some planets and most storms drain your hazard protection in about ten seconds. If you can't dig a hole or summon your ship then you're dead, unless there is a cave right nearby. In fact I think most permadeath games end this way right at the start, when you can't do either of those things ;).

But sure, you can still build a shelter if you're really fast. I'd say that still counts as rather dangerous though.
        Oh survival mode is different from normal. I should specify don’t want it taken out of normal. Sorry forgot there’s a difference I’m still kinda new to the game lol (40 hours)

Even then though you can still dig
            That's why I say remove the terrain manipulator also :). And sure, I'm all for just doing this in "hard mode" of some description.
The main reason was there were a ton of features promised with the "1.0" release and the game was years away from delivering on many of them. To many it seemed like the face of their marketing campaign, Sean Murray, had simply lied about the game to drum up hype. There wasn't a road map for implementing a lot of what was promised, it was just released in an incomplete state with no real communication beforehand about the state of the game.

Once they realized how badly they screwed up, it was then they quieted the marketing campaigns and got to work adding the features they promised. And they've largely delivered on them since the initial launch. If they hadn't had such a hyped marketing campaign early in the process, the initial game would have been received as an average-to-lackluster exploration/survival entry with room for growth. But it deserved the scorn that was heaped on it at the start as a classic example of over-hyping a game that is nowhere near ready to deliver on the promised features.
    IDK though, I bought this game before base building was even a thing. This was back in 2016 btw. I wasn’t aware of the ‘promises’ until after Atlas Rises came out. I bought this game cuz I saw it in a Popular Science magazine lol. I wasn’t disappointed at all, but I can see why a bunch of people were.
I had this game at launch and I think there’s a ton of recency bias when seeing comments like this today.

Everything the sibling said, not to mention it was buggy when it came out. Then there was the fact that every planet was very similar to the previous one you visited. Today we have a wide range of planets and animals but at launch if you visited 5 you’ve seen them all. It became boring quite quickly.

These things coupled with features shown not to be real caused frustration from the community of players. But thankfully they’ve fixed a lot of it and today it’s a great game.
    I didn’t get the game at launch, but I got it in November 2016. So about 3 months after launch, and before any major updates like Foundation. Even though there were only about 10 planet types at launch, I still loved it. That feeling I got when I hopped from planet to planet… even though it took me an hour to get 25 plutonium LOL.

I agree that there’s some recency bias in similar comments. The game is a lot better than it was a few years ago, mostly because there’s more stuff to do in the game, and because the game is a lot easier now. It took me a long time to be able to make 1 warp cell, not to mention the hyperdrive Tau, Theta, etc. upgrades. Now I can get a warp hypercore in 2 minutes. Also, space pirates are really toned down compared to 5 years ago.
        Completely agree, you had to grind it a lot more for less before and I always died from the pirates, now they’re much easier to kill.
I couldn't get it to even load. To date, it's the only game I have ever refunded on Steam. I changed my negative review to positive around the Next update, and now have over 2100 hours in-game.
I did that before I learned how to run. Lol. I know that pain. I've gotten lost so many times. It's worse when you swim around and end up forever away from any land at all. 

The game is much easier to navigate now. I recommend giving it a shot. Just don't overwhelm yourself with goals. Start off by exploring and getting a freighter and frigates to send on missions. Or max out your shields. Small steps.
having the controller mapping not be in game is so frustrating
NMS was not the first in that regard. A lack of time and/or resources has always been a problem in the gaming industry. Bethesda has been releasing buggy messes since forever.
    This started being a problem not long after everyone got Internet and could download patches. Before that it was mostly via magazines (demo CDs) and floppy. And on consoles with ROMs, the game had to work (although the games were a bit smaller back then :))
    Everyone seems to also forget about Atari. Market was completely flooded with bad games that eventually helped lead to the fall of the console.

Bad launches have always been a thing, and developers still try and avoid it. Upper management... not so much. However, sometimes game production costs makes that unavoidable. Companies aren't going to risk bankruptcy just to make a game good. The only difference now is that things *can* be fixed post launch.
    a buggy mess really is not the problem tho. The problem is when core design choices are made based on metrics instead of what the players want. and then when the new metrics show that the design choices were wrong they get adapted. instead of listening to the community from the get go. Best example for this is World of Warcraft. on a 2 year cycle they release bullshit systems where the community tells them after a month of play testing which issues are gonna arise and they brush it off because they know better only to implement the exact changes the community suggested 1,5 years after release. 


Bugs are bound to happen. the more complex the game the more likely it is to have bugs. But design choices (like the most recent example of the new Battlefield) are the big issue with AAA titles nowadays
Cyberpunk 2077 fans are weeping
100% this.  I'm happy for Hello Games, they are really trying but their turnaround success is use case for other game developers to gesture to when they release shit.  And I so dislike when fanbases also point to Hello Games.  Maybe let's stop releasing shit.
World of warcraft: cataclysm
    Cataclysm is where it went downhill,maybe Legion if they kept up the good work but you know how that turned out.
        Legion was the best WoW ever was. Playing on Vanilla private servers and playing Classic made me realize that.
            The #1 expac is Wrath

The #2 expac is Legion

I will die on this hill
                They can be interchangeable.I loved both,Wotlk for the nostalgia from WC3 and Legion for it's almost insane scale and also nostalgia from WC3 with us facing down the final boss of WoW.Sargeras' death is wasted imo.
                Absolutely. Those two were my favorites as well!
                I’ll die on that hill with you too.
            Gotta disagree tbh WOTLK will forever sit atop all wow expansions as the greatest. ICC is one of the best PvE raids in any MMO I’ve ever played
    Cataclysm sucked for PvE content (fuck twilight bastion) but as a frost mage main in arena and rated BG that expansion absolute slapped. Easily one of my favorite expansions for pvp in WoW.

Now MoP on the other hand……
    Arguably that's the reverse. It made the game worse rather than better.
destiny 2 did that
    4 years after FFXIV did it
Yeah but Battlefront 2 is still just a Star Wars skinned Battlefield clone whereas NMS was hugely ambitious.
    Agree, can't understand how people keep praising BF2. I mean, yeah, it's a good fun game and after they got rid of that "yo pay for every single bit of game you damn cow" thing it was nice. The uproar was glorious to watch.   
   
That said, has anyone seen the plans for the cancelled BF3 game that was going to follow the Classic BF2? Capital ship fighting, space-to-land maps and combat, long and interesting campaign, air combat in land maps, and a fully supported offline mode and Galactic Conquest (not just some "arcade" maps).
        BF2 sure is shiny and sounds like star wars. Otherwise, it's just not that good. The OG PS2 BF2 was better.
    That doesn’t mean it wasn’t a huge turnaround
    The problem with NMS is that it _was_ highly ambitious and has since pared back most of that ambition to put out something that caters to a wider audience. Gone are most of the interesting features and systems and in their place are much more basic and simplistic alternatives.
    No it's not :/.

Battlefield is a slow paced shooter while Battlefront is an arcade shooter with hero combat.

Also you say that as if it's a bad thing.
        Eh, sure it's faster than Battlefield and there are hero characters but hard meh on the whole thing. If you're obsessed with star wars nostalgia it's kinda fun because the laser guns go pew pew with the right noise but overall  I'd rather play the original Battlefront 2 for PS2.
            I also play the original BF2.

But the new one is alos looking real sexy with its modding community.
                Yeah fair, I don't have a gaming PC at the moment and if I did I'd be modding Skyrim until it broke or catching up on the past 5 years of PC games, not modding BF2. 

It's not a bad game it's just not for me. Yes they had a fantastic turnaround, but it was basically EA greed that caused the initial problem whereas I feel like NMS was more of a Molyneux style over-ambition problem.
                    Yeah, I guess that's fair.
I do say that the original BF games do have some sweet mods. BF1 recently got a gigantic mod and BF2 is getting a BF3 mod.

NMS is always a different story. It takes a lot to transform from one of the most hated games on the planet into what it is now.
    [deleted]
        Sounds like an incorrect deduction
Not really.  The only reason why early BF2 sucked was microtransaction hell and everything about EA.  I'm not saying the game launched beautifully, but it wasn't the hellscape that say Cyberpunk was at launch.    


Hello Games really owned the fact they fucked up, and cranked out free content after free content after free content to make the game the great experience it is lately.  This is honestly the lesson all publishers need to learn nowadays as the pandemic has increased the launches of just subpar and broken games by like everyone these days. EA has to deal with their Madden and FIFA yearly nonsense as well as BF2042 shitting the bed hard. Ubisoft isn't so hot lately with shaky launches for Watch Dogs Legion and even AC Valhalla there. 2K, just yikes. Already mentioned CDPR. And honestly, who knew that Rockstar would just really fuck up the GTA 3 Trilogy like that.  So now we wait and see who learns the actual lesson and who is just posturing to be looked at better. One would hope it'd be CD Projekt Red with fixing Cyberpunk but there's already talk of them focusing on DLC as opposed to making sure the game is fixed.  The game is still basically unplayable for Xbox One and PS4 users, but for whatever reason are big sellers there.   EA didn't learn the lesson about Paying to Win from Battlefront because Battlefield V launched in a similar fashion with Pay to Win and that community didn't rise up as the BF2 community did.  And that same thinking gave the world BF2042.
    Edit: Hello fellow redditor! You may pass and let us forget this embarrassing reply made by me.
        You need to reread what I wrote because I said they did.

More specifically, I said the BF V community didn’t rise up like the BF2 did.

So, no, I’m not ignorant.
            Ah....I am a dimwit.
                No, because you made very good points. I’m not tearing you down for those.  So, you made a great case, especially about the loot boxes.

No blood, no foul.
    I played Cyberpunk at release and had fewer bugs than Witcher 1-3 or Skyrim. Granted, you need a good PC but then it works fine. On last gen consoles it was a mess tho.
It’s still fun too but god there are some insanely sweaty try harder every match and many hackers
It's truly pathetic
    Why?
        Maybe that user really hates superlatives?
        Because the game still isn't what was promised
            I have no idea what that has to do with my original statement.
        Because it shouldn't have had to be this way. Happy it is though.
Blows my mind how those 15 can accomosh more than the big dogs sometimes. 

Also, I'm not sure the initial success should be boasted, considering it's the reason the game had to have a comeback in the first place. Still impressive, though.
Can relate. Hoping when kids are older they will want to explore No Man Sky and I can watch in amazement.
    Can also relate....this hurts. And when i have time i can just play for 10 minutes straight. Then i am just tired. And i have no idea why. Games make me tired for some reason :(
        Thats funny you mention that because my nephew also says gaming makes him tired. He will play for like 30 mins then take a nap.
            Lol it wasn't like that before. After getting 2 kids and working i got to the point of fatigue every day. I tried even taking vacation. It doesn't work. Help!
                Your comments are exactly what I fear the most about having kids with my partner.
                    Don't get me wrong. Having kids is a blessing. It really is but the truth is that it's also a second fulltime job. The only difference is that your Boss/Bosses is/are the cutest you can imagine.

Imagine this: your biggest love in life. Do you see a pumping heart? As a symbol of your life. Now put it under fire. That burning heart is the next dimension of love you are experiencing by having kids. You can't imagine until you have some. Just be prepared.
                        I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
                            Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
                        Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
        Nop mate, life in general make us tired, games are nice and relaxing leisure, but they take our precious time for deep resting. Gamer dad here, I wish I would have more time…
Cyberpunk is fair, but isn’t bf still in beta? The other 2 are remasters (not even remakes) that should inherently be treated with even more caution than a new release, not to mention that it is never justified to pay a full price for a remaster
    No, bf is out, but it should still be in alpha. Massive dumpster fire.
        Huh I thought it eill be released later this month, goes to show much I care about them lol 

Anyway, shame, but after V, it was kinda expected for them to fuck this up as well somehow
            If you play Breakthrough on the Pacific maps (free DLC) BFV is a fantastic time. The movement and mechanics feel great. It's just that most of the original maps are a bit shit and they kept fucking with TTK to try to give noobs a chance, which just pissed off everyone. It's finally stable and goddamn is it fun. 

People act like it's the best game ever made but Battlefield 4 was dogshit on release, like constant desync errors and glitches out the absolute ass, it was about a year before it was playable. Most Battlefield games launch ropy and then get good after a ton of patches. From the beta I played of 2042 I don't see that happening because the problem isn't tedhnical - the game runs pretty well. The problem is with fundamental design decisions that can't be patched away. 2042 is basically just a way of playing old Battlefield multiplayer maps again with shiny graphics.
                Really every 2042 complaint Ive seen has been some glitch or bug. What design decisions are you referring to?
                    Removal of the entire class system, no chat at all, no scoreboard, ~23 guns ~4 playable maps when BF4 launched with double the guns and 7 maps among many other things
                        Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
                    Maps too large/too many players so you don't feel like you have much impact.

Removal of factions in favour of hero characters cloned l over the battlefield. Really this comes down to the whole game being designed with the Hunt Showdown style gamemode front and center in their minds.

In the beta, no map outside of spawn screen (idk if this is fixed).

That's what comes off the top of my head. It just felt super soulless in the beta and I couldn't get into it at all.
Dafuq you talking about the lead developer went on national television on a late night talk show and said there was multiplayer like 2 weeks before the game came out. The game was 1st person only and there wasn't even a model for your character nevermind actually being "able to play with your friends".
    And then they didn't say anything or make any press releases for months.
They straight up lied about the game get the fuck outta here
I've seen and really enjoyed it. He made quite a lot of valid remark about how the game was doomed over time for multiple reason, not always in their control. But it should have been said. Whatever bad luck happen, if the game is not in the desired state nor the one advertised, it's their responsability to say it.
Got it for 10 bucks for PS4 a few years ago. Greatest gaming investment I've ever made to date probably.
    Unfortunately I just asked for a refund, doesn’t run well on my pc.

Now I want a PS4 :/
        Recommend the PS5 if you can snag one. NMS is great on the PS4 but even better on the 5.
*Cries in Cyberpunk 2077*
    Go tell that to the cult over at the low sodium sub 


And before anyone calls me a hater, I defended that game for the *longest* time. But….it’s been a year and all we’ve got are a few small patches? Lol where’s the DLC? Where the next gen upgrade? I get it, covid, but how many times is this company going to promise things and then change their minds? Fuck CDPR.
        Cyberpunk has some major issues with the core engine itself which I think is why everything else is so slow.  I sure hope they fix it, I love it even with its many flaws, but wouldn't be shocked if it never gets truly polished.
    *just cries in general*
Got better reviews. Back to positive on Steam. But they promised much more content next year so I'd wait until next major patch
At this rate I’d wait until 2077 


At the earliest
Wow, played a few hours. Wild how time just disappears haha
kinda amazed people here agree, i have been downvoted on several posts stating the exact same thing. Probably just a fuckton of people on this sub that dunno how the real world hangs together
Public trading is the mistake in a lot of cases.
Uhhhh.. ya. I did learn that and I haven't. That has nothing with feeling good about a game that worked out great in the long run. I still had a lot fun at launch, where did I say I regretted it lol. it just wore off after a while and it's just a vastly better game now.
Yes and no. I bought the game at a super discount for 15 euros years ago, now the full price is around 50/60 euros.

Also, all the updates are DLCs and we never got charged a single cent for them. So I keep saying that they gave us tons of content for free.
    >So I keep saying that they gave us tons of content for free.

But they didn't. They mislead and cheated consumers by releasing an incomplete and broken game and charging full price for it. They eventually gave people the features and content they had promised. This isn't giving you content for free. It's giving you the content you paid for, late. 

And using the term 'DLC' like you are renders it meaningless. DLC implies paid content, otherwise every 'downloadable' update is DLC. Just giving their updates names doesn't make them DLC.
Please edit with photoshop or GIMP
    As a shit poster, I feel too much effort defeats the point
        Stay true to yourself
        You're cool man, don't need to change a thing.
    gimp is hard😣
        But free
True
I agree on everything, I just hope that it gets the same love by the devs that nms received over the past years
    I think (and hope) it will, if for no other reason than I don't think CDPR wants to leave people with a bad impression of CP2077 before moving on to their next thing. I think they understand they need to repair their reputation by fixing CP2077, and then also deliver a good launch on whatever their next game is to repair the damage the CP2077 launch did.
Well, that sums it up nicely. Sounds much more like what I was expecting at launch. I didn't *dislike* the game I just got bored very quickly.
The PC version is in an objectively better place than console - which is what I play on - but word is that it's recent updates are so buggy and broken that updates to the console have been indefinitely postponed, leaving it probably exactly where you left it.
[deleted]
    I'm actually looking forward to playing it, but I'm going to stay disciplined and wait until the official release.
There’s definitely more to keep you active while playing now, I couldn’t imagine playing with friends with the level of content before the multiplayer update being that fun. I really liked the more meditative focus of exploring the planets you travel too, with all the new missions I feel like it doesn’t require you to set out and explore. That being said it’s like two different games, the one now is great, it’s just not the type of game it was when it launched.
    I find that I have the most fun with the game when I make my own goals rather than pursuing what is laid out for me. I'm building a museum at the moment which will house every constructible item and collectible in the game when it is finished.
        That sounds really fun! I must admit I haven’t picked up the game in about a year (I’ve already had about 150 in the base game then like another 50 in VR) but I might be tempted to go back in after reading that!
Thank you. I don't really think I can find a better way to Counterpoint his statement better than you did, as you are extremely right in every point you make. I still don't understand why people have a negative view of Hello games after so much work that they have done, as you stated for free, in a day and age where microtransactions are everywhere and DLC of every kind is some kind of price. the work that hello games has been doing is both unheard-of and absolutely spectacular at the same time.
    “Unheard of and spectacular” lying your way into making AAA $$ and having more concurrent players on release than 90% of Steam games is scummy at best, illegal at worst. The work Hello Games have done is the bare minimum, delivering on promises made 5 years ago, for release, this content was always promised to be part of the game. Also what do micro transactions and DLC matter? They’re absolutely Ok as long as they’re cosmetic or add to the content promised on release, that is if you actually deliver that content.
        My question out of all of it is why hang onto 5 years ago? they have made leaps and strides and been listening to the community that they have managed to gather behind them, people had problems with cyberpunk 2077 and the launch that it had yet people are still trying to play that game still trying to make it better, what exactly does a small Indie developer team have to do in order to address the egregious insulte that you have received, that has lasted these five long years for you?!? they have no parent company to back them up like other developers do, no Indie team I have ever heard of has done something so ambitious as no man's Sky, no matter how it started out it is the largest open explorable game on the market. so unless you can give me some more definitive reasons on why hello games is such an evil satanic bastard of a development team your opinion and all of this is seriously outdated and does not need to be kept reminding everyone else about something that no longer matters
I find it surprising that people like you give Hello Games credit for adding the content promised. Pretty scuffed moral compass considering that adding the it is the least Hello Games had to do, it was their obligation and they almost had no choice. Imagine if 2014 rust released as a full game, charged full game price, and promised to deliver a game like 2021 Rust, after the buggy release it’s their obligation to fulfill those promises. Also that content HAD to be FREE , it’s LITERALLY what they promised on release. Also the bugs I found were either game breaking or extremely annoying, having to altf4 4 times in a row due to broken dialogue and having to space travel due to not being able to use teleport are inexcusable for a game that released 5 years ago. Unfortunately people like you set an industry standard that as long as the devs patch the game, bullshit promises and broken releases are A OK, you see it with Battlefield 2042 and you’ll see it for dozens of other AAA games, this is terrible.
    No. Just no. They've added far more than what they promised. If you want to control the narrative, don't begin with a false premise.
Well we can keep the exocraft summoning perhaps :). Actually what I really wish for are larger ships that can *carry* an exocraft ;).
    We need drop deck big rig truck and trailers to haul our exocraft around.  
...  
This was a joke but oh no now I want it for real.
        Makes me think of the trucker ships in Cowboy Bebop.
            Trucker ships... haven't watched too far, sounds interesting
                Oh it's great. I can't remember which episode it was exactly but it's the latter half for sure.
                    Aren't there only like 16 eps?
                        It's been a while since I last watched it.
        Yep..with a 3rd axle on the cab!
    Carrying the Minotaur… prepare for titanfall!
        Well when you summon it using the freighter summon station it does that. Live it every time.
    Now that there would be pretty awesome.
    That was my thought when I played vanilla NMS
    Elite Dangerous is pretty cool in that regard, with the SRV popping in and out of your ship. I'm bothered that inventory slots have nothing to do with ship appearance and size in NMS.
    Can’t do it on the ships, but I’m pretty sure you can add an exocraft station to your freighter which lets you summon them to any planet!
        Yeah I know, but that's just not as *cool* ;).
Oh goodness. The *walking* was sooo *boring* and I say this as a person who played World of Warcraft during Burning Crusade. I'm no stranger to lengthy periods of auto-run, but man, release NMS was cruel and unusual punishment.
    Oh man, struggling to get to a fel iron ore node while on a skeleton horse to level mining and blacksmithing on my warrior in low-50s blues in Hellfire Peninsula and then some troll shaman on flying mount on week 2 of the expac just swoops in and steals the node.

I may have rage whispered a lot of assholes in those weeks.
        Lol I hadn't read the comment you were replying to and was like hey this sounds a lot like WoW, I didn't know there was Fel Iron in NMS...oh
    thanks for the outland PTSD trigger lol
        How's this for PTSD? Blade's Edge Mountains sub-70
            *whispers* plz, more
haha, that was the same logic I used to avoid buying furniture for so long. every piece of furniture I buy is something I have to move. eventually though I broke down and bought an actual entertainment center for my tv because the crap desk I had been using was so ugly I was tired of it. no regrets I love the entertainment center I got. I realized that I just pay movers to do everything anyway so why sweat legitimately useful pieces of furniture.

then I got a small bookcase and a coffee table.
Not really as you could look for an outpost and summon your ship from there.
    https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Ek6jgeF
That ejector seat worked the other way around too. I launched my ship into orbit so many times without me sitting in it.
I think I'm in the minority, but I really enjoyed expediton 3 for how it forced me back to basics - I learnt to love the minotaur because that expedition prevented me from just puddle-jumping in my ship.
    Did people dislike the expedition? It’s the only one the game has let me play, and I liked it. I don’t think I got to finish it though.
        Oh, there was a lot of vitriol spewed at it.  People wondering why they made it so difficult.  What was the point.  Etc., etc., etc.

Well, ya know, we *are* playing a survival game here… so, survive!  It just meant we couldn’t zip to the location 10 hours away easily.

But what irritated a lot of people legit (myself included) is that when you find a beacon, it points to a random minor settlement somewhere on the planet, and it almost invariably was 10 or more hours away.  Further, once you used a beacon, any subsequent beacon is useless - it’ll point to the same place.  That could have been modified.

But ultimately, one just sets out to find a place at random.  Sure, the terrain was rough; so, tame a critter for a ride…
        Was that the one where you started on an acid planet with a cool ship with weird components? I loved that one.
    Agreed, expedition 3 was great for that reason
> I don't see how the elimination of the terrain manipulator would do anything for the thrill and danger?

*Incoming storm.*
I find the terrain manipulator makes it too easy to take shortcuts everywhere. Want to climb up some difficult cliff? Just blast your way up through the rock at an angle. Exploring down some deep cave and get lost? Just blast your way out. I use it a lot without thinking in such situations, but each time i start a new game with a broken terrain manipulator I find it is actually way more cool not having it. Of course it is very convenient so I still use it, but would appreciate its absence as a survival mode challenge or some such.
    Oh I see, you used to be able do the same thing with the mining beam way back when. They always had that ability but it was in a different tech.

I could see that in survival
I'd make it a survival mode thing, or some such.
    Good idea, maybe implement it into survival mode or something.
Yeah I appreciated expedition 3 for this feeling, was cool.
Nah that takes too much self discipline ;). Also I dunno, it feels "fake" somehow...
    That's honestly a fair argument lmao
In survival mode some planets and most storms drain your hazard protection in about ten seconds. If you can't dig a hole or summon your ship then you're dead, unless there is a cave right nearby. In fact I think most permadeath games end this way right at the start, when you can't do either of those things ;).

But sure, you can still build a shelter if you're really fast. I'd say that still counts as rather dangerous though.
    Oh survival mode is different from normal. I should specify don’t want it taken out of normal. Sorry forgot there’s a difference I’m still kinda new to the game lol (40 hours)

Even then though you can still dig
        That's why I say remove the terrain manipulator also :). And sure, I'm all for just doing this in "hard mode" of some description.
IDK though, I bought this game before base building was even a thing. This was back in 2016 btw. I wasn’t aware of the ‘promises’ until after Atlas Rises came out. I bought this game cuz I saw it in a Popular Science magazine lol. I wasn’t disappointed at all, but I can see why a bunch of people were.
I didn’t get the game at launch, but I got it in November 2016. So about 3 months after launch, and before any major updates like Foundation. Even though there were only about 10 planet types at launch, I still loved it. That feeling I got when I hopped from planet to planet… even though it took me an hour to get 25 plutonium LOL.

I agree that there’s some recency bias in similar comments. The game is a lot better than it was a few years ago, mostly because there’s more stuff to do in the game, and because the game is a lot easier now. It took me a long time to be able to make 1 warp cell, not to mention the hyperdrive Tau, Theta, etc. upgrades. Now I can get a warp hypercore in 2 minutes. Also, space pirates are really toned down compared to 5 years ago.
    Completely agree, you had to grind it a lot more for less before and I always died from the pirates, now they’re much easier to kill.
This started being a problem not long after everyone got Internet and could download patches. Before that it was mostly via magazines (demo CDs) and floppy. And on consoles with ROMs, the game had to work (although the games were a bit smaller back then :))
Everyone seems to also forget about Atari. Market was completely flooded with bad games that eventually helped lead to the fall of the console.

Bad launches have always been a thing, and developers still try and avoid it. Upper management... not so much. However, sometimes game production costs makes that unavoidable. Companies aren't going to risk bankruptcy just to make a game good. The only difference now is that things *can* be fixed post launch.
a buggy mess really is not the problem tho. The problem is when core design choices are made based on metrics instead of what the players want. and then when the new metrics show that the design choices were wrong they get adapted. instead of listening to the community from the get go. Best example for this is World of Warcraft. on a 2 year cycle they release bullshit systems where the community tells them after a month of play testing which issues are gonna arise and they brush it off because they know better only to implement the exact changes the community suggested 1,5 years after release. 


Bugs are bound to happen. the more complex the game the more likely it is to have bugs. But design choices (like the most recent example of the new Battlefield) are the big issue with AAA titles nowadays
Cataclysm is where it went downhill,maybe Legion if they kept up the good work but you know how that turned out.
    Legion was the best WoW ever was. Playing on Vanilla private servers and playing Classic made me realize that.
        The #1 expac is Wrath

The #2 expac is Legion

I will die on this hill
            They can be interchangeable.I loved both,Wotlk for the nostalgia from WC3 and Legion for it's almost insane scale and also nostalgia from WC3 with us facing down the final boss of WoW.Sargeras' death is wasted imo.
            Absolutely. Those two were my favorites as well!
            I’ll die on that hill with you too.
        Gotta disagree tbh WOTLK will forever sit atop all wow expansions as the greatest. ICC is one of the best PvE raids in any MMO I’ve ever played
Cataclysm sucked for PvE content (fuck twilight bastion) but as a frost mage main in arena and rated BG that expansion absolute slapped. Easily one of my favorite expansions for pvp in WoW.

Now MoP on the other hand……
Arguably that's the reverse. It made the game worse rather than better.
4 years after FFXIV did it
Agree, can't understand how people keep praising BF2. I mean, yeah, it's a good fun game and after they got rid of that "yo pay for every single bit of game you damn cow" thing it was nice. The uproar was glorious to watch.   
   
That said, has anyone seen the plans for the cancelled BF3 game that was going to follow the Classic BF2? Capital ship fighting, space-to-land maps and combat, long and interesting campaign, air combat in land maps, and a fully supported offline mode and Galactic Conquest (not just some "arcade" maps).
    BF2 sure is shiny and sounds like star wars. Otherwise, it's just not that good. The OG PS2 BF2 was better.
That doesn’t mean it wasn’t a huge turnaround
The problem with NMS is that it _was_ highly ambitious and has since pared back most of that ambition to put out something that caters to a wider audience. Gone are most of the interesting features and systems and in their place are much more basic and simplistic alternatives.
No it's not :/.

Battlefield is a slow paced shooter while Battlefront is an arcade shooter with hero combat.

Also you say that as if it's a bad thing.
    Eh, sure it's faster than Battlefield and there are hero characters but hard meh on the whole thing. If you're obsessed with star wars nostalgia it's kinda fun because the laser guns go pew pew with the right noise but overall  I'd rather play the original Battlefront 2 for PS2.
        I also play the original BF2.

But the new one is alos looking real sexy with its modding community.
            Yeah fair, I don't have a gaming PC at the moment and if I did I'd be modding Skyrim until it broke or catching up on the past 5 years of PC games, not modding BF2. 

It's not a bad game it's just not for me. Yes they had a fantastic turnaround, but it was basically EA greed that caused the initial problem whereas I feel like NMS was more of a Molyneux style over-ambition problem.
                Yeah, I guess that's fair.
I do say that the original BF games do have some sweet mods. BF1 recently got a gigantic mod and BF2 is getting a BF3 mod.

NMS is always a different story. It takes a lot to transform from one of the most hated games on the planet into what it is now.
[deleted]
    Sounds like an incorrect deduction
Edit: Hello fellow redditor! You may pass and let us forget this embarrassing reply made by me.
    You need to reread what I wrote because I said they did.

More specifically, I said the BF V community didn’t rise up like the BF2 did.

So, no, I’m not ignorant.
        Ah....I am a dimwit.
            No, because you made very good points. I’m not tearing you down for those.  So, you made a great case, especially about the loot boxes.

No blood, no foul.
I played Cyberpunk at release and had fewer bugs than Witcher 1-3 or Skyrim. Granted, you need a good PC but then it works fine. On last gen consoles it was a mess tho.
Why?
    Maybe that user really hates superlatives?
    Because the game still isn't what was promised
        I have no idea what that has to do with my original statement.
    Because it shouldn't have had to be this way. Happy it is though.
Can also relate....this hurts. And when i have time i can just play for 10 minutes straight. Then i am just tired. And i have no idea why. Games make me tired for some reason :(
    Thats funny you mention that because my nephew also says gaming makes him tired. He will play for like 30 mins then take a nap.
        Lol it wasn't like that before. After getting 2 kids and working i got to the point of fatigue every day. I tried even taking vacation. It doesn't work. Help!
            Your comments are exactly what I fear the most about having kids with my partner.
                Don't get me wrong. Having kids is a blessing. It really is but the truth is that it's also a second fulltime job. The only difference is that your Boss/Bosses is/are the cutest you can imagine.

Imagine this: your biggest love in life. Do you see a pumping heart? As a symbol of your life. Now put it under fire. That burning heart is the next dimension of love you are experiencing by having kids. You can't imagine until you have some. Just be prepared.
                    I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
                        Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
                    Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
    Nop mate, life in general make us tired, games are nice and relaxing leisure, but they take our precious time for deep resting. Gamer dad here, I wish I would have more time…
No, bf is out, but it should still be in alpha. Massive dumpster fire.
    Huh I thought it eill be released later this month, goes to show much I care about them lol 

Anyway, shame, but after V, it was kinda expected for them to fuck this up as well somehow
        If you play Breakthrough on the Pacific maps (free DLC) BFV is a fantastic time. The movement and mechanics feel great. It's just that most of the original maps are a bit shit and they kept fucking with TTK to try to give noobs a chance, which just pissed off everyone. It's finally stable and goddamn is it fun. 

People act like it's the best game ever made but Battlefield 4 was dogshit on release, like constant desync errors and glitches out the absolute ass, it was about a year before it was playable. Most Battlefield games launch ropy and then get good after a ton of patches. From the beta I played of 2042 I don't see that happening because the problem isn't tedhnical - the game runs pretty well. The problem is with fundamental design decisions that can't be patched away. 2042 is basically just a way of playing old Battlefield multiplayer maps again with shiny graphics.
            Really every 2042 complaint Ive seen has been some glitch or bug. What design decisions are you referring to?
                Removal of the entire class system, no chat at all, no scoreboard, ~23 guns ~4 playable maps when BF4 launched with double the guns and 7 maps among many other things
                    Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
                Maps too large/too many players so you don't feel like you have much impact.

Removal of factions in favour of hero characters cloned l over the battlefield. Really this comes down to the whole game being designed with the Hunt Showdown style gamemode front and center in their minds.

In the beta, no map outside of spawn screen (idk if this is fixed).

That's what comes off the top of my head. It just felt super soulless in the beta and I couldn't get into it at all.
And then they didn't say anything or make any press releases for months.
Unfortunately I just asked for a refund, doesn’t run well on my pc.

Now I want a PS4 :/
    Recommend the PS5 if you can snag one. NMS is great on the PS4 but even better on the 5.
Go tell that to the cult over at the low sodium sub 


And before anyone calls me a hater, I defended that game for the *longest* time. But….it’s been a year and all we’ve got are a few small patches? Lol where’s the DLC? Where the next gen upgrade? I get it, covid, but how many times is this company going to promise things and then change their minds? Fuck CDPR.
    Cyberpunk has some major issues with the core engine itself which I think is why everything else is so slow.  I sure hope they fix it, I love it even with its many flaws, but wouldn't be shocked if it never gets truly polished.
*just cries in general*
>So I keep saying that they gave us tons of content for free.

But they didn't. They mislead and cheated consumers by releasing an incomplete and broken game and charging full price for it. They eventually gave people the features and content they had promised. This isn't giving you content for free. It's giving you the content you paid for, late. 

And using the term 'DLC' like you are renders it meaningless. DLC implies paid content, otherwise every 'downloadable' update is DLC. Just giving their updates names doesn't make them DLC.
As a shit poster, I feel too much effort defeats the point
    Stay true to yourself
    You're cool man, don't need to change a thing.
gimp is hard😣
    But free
I think (and hope) it will, if for no other reason than I don't think CDPR wants to leave people with a bad impression of CP2077 before moving on to their next thing. I think they understand they need to repair their reputation by fixing CP2077, and then also deliver a good launch on whatever their next game is to repair the damage the CP2077 launch did.
I'm actually looking forward to playing it, but I'm going to stay disciplined and wait until the official release.
I find that I have the most fun with the game when I make my own goals rather than pursuing what is laid out for me. I'm building a museum at the moment which will house every constructible item and collectible in the game when it is finished.
    That sounds really fun! I must admit I haven’t picked up the game in about a year (I’ve already had about 150 in the base game then like another 50 in VR) but I might be tempted to go back in after reading that!
“Unheard of and spectacular” lying your way into making AAA $$ and having more concurrent players on release than 90% of Steam games is scummy at best, illegal at worst. The work Hello Games have done is the bare minimum, delivering on promises made 5 years ago, for release, this content was always promised to be part of the game. Also what do micro transactions and DLC matter? They’re absolutely Ok as long as they’re cosmetic or add to the content promised on release, that is if you actually deliver that content.
    My question out of all of it is why hang onto 5 years ago? they have made leaps and strides and been listening to the community that they have managed to gather behind them, people had problems with cyberpunk 2077 and the launch that it had yet people are still trying to play that game still trying to make it better, what exactly does a small Indie developer team have to do in order to address the egregious insulte that you have received, that has lasted these five long years for you?!? they have no parent company to back them up like other developers do, no Indie team I have ever heard of has done something so ambitious as no man's Sky, no matter how it started out it is the largest open explorable game on the market. so unless you can give me some more definitive reasons on why hello games is such an evil satanic bastard of a development team your opinion and all of this is seriously outdated and does not need to be kept reminding everyone else about something that no longer matters
No. Just no. They've added far more than what they promised. If you want to control the narrative, don't begin with a false premise.
We need drop deck big rig truck and trailers to haul our exocraft around.  
...  
This was a joke but oh no now I want it for real.
    Makes me think of the trucker ships in Cowboy Bebop.
        Trucker ships... haven't watched too far, sounds interesting
            Oh it's great. I can't remember which episode it was exactly but it's the latter half for sure.
                Aren't there only like 16 eps?
                    It's been a while since I last watched it.
    Yep..with a 3rd axle on the cab!
Carrying the Minotaur… prepare for titanfall!
    Well when you summon it using the freighter summon station it does that. Live it every time.
Now that there would be pretty awesome.
That was my thought when I played vanilla NMS
Elite Dangerous is pretty cool in that regard, with the SRV popping in and out of your ship. I'm bothered that inventory slots have nothing to do with ship appearance and size in NMS.
Can’t do it on the ships, but I’m pretty sure you can add an exocraft station to your freighter which lets you summon them to any planet!
    Yeah I know, but that's just not as *cool* ;).
Oh man, struggling to get to a fel iron ore node while on a skeleton horse to level mining and blacksmithing on my warrior in low-50s blues in Hellfire Peninsula and then some troll shaman on flying mount on week 2 of the expac just swoops in and steals the node.

I may have rage whispered a lot of assholes in those weeks.
    Lol I hadn't read the comment you were replying to and was like hey this sounds a lot like WoW, I didn't know there was Fel Iron in NMS...oh
thanks for the outland PTSD trigger lol
    How's this for PTSD? Blade's Edge Mountains sub-70
        *whispers* plz, more
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Ek6jgeF
Did people dislike the expedition? It’s the only one the game has let me play, and I liked it. I don’t think I got to finish it though.
    Oh, there was a lot of vitriol spewed at it.  People wondering why they made it so difficult.  What was the point.  Etc., etc., etc.

Well, ya know, we *are* playing a survival game here… so, survive!  It just meant we couldn’t zip to the location 10 hours away easily.

But what irritated a lot of people legit (myself included) is that when you find a beacon, it points to a random minor settlement somewhere on the planet, and it almost invariably was 10 or more hours away.  Further, once you used a beacon, any subsequent beacon is useless - it’ll point to the same place.  That could have been modified.

But ultimately, one just sets out to find a place at random.  Sure, the terrain was rough; so, tame a critter for a ride…
    Was that the one where you started on an acid planet with a cool ship with weird components? I loved that one.
Agreed, expedition 3 was great for that reason
Oh I see, you used to be able do the same thing with the mining beam way back when. They always had that ability but it was in a different tech.

I could see that in survival
Good idea, maybe implement it into survival mode or something.
That's honestly a fair argument lmao
Oh survival mode is different from normal. I should specify don’t want it taken out of normal. Sorry forgot there’s a difference I’m still kinda new to the game lol (40 hours)

Even then though you can still dig
    That's why I say remove the terrain manipulator also :). And sure, I'm all for just doing this in "hard mode" of some description.
Completely agree, you had to grind it a lot more for less before and I always died from the pirates, now they’re much easier to kill.
Legion was the best WoW ever was. Playing on Vanilla private servers and playing Classic made me realize that.
    The #1 expac is Wrath

The #2 expac is Legion

I will die on this hill
        They can be interchangeable.I loved both,Wotlk for the nostalgia from WC3 and Legion for it's almost insane scale and also nostalgia from WC3 with us facing down the final boss of WoW.Sargeras' death is wasted imo.
        Absolutely. Those two were my favorites as well!
        I’ll die on that hill with you too.
    Gotta disagree tbh WOTLK will forever sit atop all wow expansions as the greatest. ICC is one of the best PvE raids in any MMO I’ve ever played
BF2 sure is shiny and sounds like star wars. Otherwise, it's just not that good. The OG PS2 BF2 was better.
Eh, sure it's faster than Battlefield and there are hero characters but hard meh on the whole thing. If you're obsessed with star wars nostalgia it's kinda fun because the laser guns go pew pew with the right noise but overall  I'd rather play the original Battlefront 2 for PS2.
    I also play the original BF2.

But the new one is alos looking real sexy with its modding community.
        Yeah fair, I don't have a gaming PC at the moment and if I did I'd be modding Skyrim until it broke or catching up on the past 5 years of PC games, not modding BF2. 

It's not a bad game it's just not for me. Yes they had a fantastic turnaround, but it was basically EA greed that caused the initial problem whereas I feel like NMS was more of a Molyneux style over-ambition problem.
            Yeah, I guess that's fair.
I do say that the original BF games do have some sweet mods. BF1 recently got a gigantic mod and BF2 is getting a BF3 mod.

NMS is always a different story. It takes a lot to transform from one of the most hated games on the planet into what it is now.
Sounds like an incorrect deduction
You need to reread what I wrote because I said they did.

More specifically, I said the BF V community didn’t rise up like the BF2 did.

So, no, I’m not ignorant.
    Ah....I am a dimwit.
        No, because you made very good points. I’m not tearing you down for those.  So, you made a great case, especially about the loot boxes.

No blood, no foul.
Maybe that user really hates superlatives?
Because the game still isn't what was promised
    I have no idea what that has to do with my original statement.
Because it shouldn't have had to be this way. Happy it is though.
Thats funny you mention that because my nephew also says gaming makes him tired. He will play for like 30 mins then take a nap.
    Lol it wasn't like that before. After getting 2 kids and working i got to the point of fatigue every day. I tried even taking vacation. It doesn't work. Help!
        Your comments are exactly what I fear the most about having kids with my partner.
            Don't get me wrong. Having kids is a blessing. It really is but the truth is that it's also a second fulltime job. The only difference is that your Boss/Bosses is/are the cutest you can imagine.

Imagine this: your biggest love in life. Do you see a pumping heart? As a symbol of your life. Now put it under fire. That burning heart is the next dimension of love you are experiencing by having kids. You can't imagine until you have some. Just be prepared.
                I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
                    Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
                Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
Nop mate, life in general make us tired, games are nice and relaxing leisure, but they take our precious time for deep resting. Gamer dad here, I wish I would have more time…
Huh I thought it eill be released later this month, goes to show much I care about them lol 

Anyway, shame, but after V, it was kinda expected for them to fuck this up as well somehow
    If you play Breakthrough on the Pacific maps (free DLC) BFV is a fantastic time. The movement and mechanics feel great. It's just that most of the original maps are a bit shit and they kept fucking with TTK to try to give noobs a chance, which just pissed off everyone. It's finally stable and goddamn is it fun. 

People act like it's the best game ever made but Battlefield 4 was dogshit on release, like constant desync errors and glitches out the absolute ass, it was about a year before it was playable. Most Battlefield games launch ropy and then get good after a ton of patches. From the beta I played of 2042 I don't see that happening because the problem isn't tedhnical - the game runs pretty well. The problem is with fundamental design decisions that can't be patched away. 2042 is basically just a way of playing old Battlefield multiplayer maps again with shiny graphics.
        Really every 2042 complaint Ive seen has been some glitch or bug. What design decisions are you referring to?
            Removal of the entire class system, no chat at all, no scoreboard, ~23 guns ~4 playable maps when BF4 launched with double the guns and 7 maps among many other things
                Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
            Maps too large/too many players so you don't feel like you have much impact.

Removal of factions in favour of hero characters cloned l over the battlefield. Really this comes down to the whole game being designed with the Hunt Showdown style gamemode front and center in their minds.

In the beta, no map outside of spawn screen (idk if this is fixed).

That's what comes off the top of my head. It just felt super soulless in the beta and I couldn't get into it at all.
Recommend the PS5 if you can snag one. NMS is great on the PS4 but even better on the 5.
Cyberpunk has some major issues with the core engine itself which I think is why everything else is so slow.  I sure hope they fix it, I love it even with its many flaws, but wouldn't be shocked if it never gets truly polished.
Stay true to yourself
You're cool man, don't need to change a thing.
But free
That sounds really fun! I must admit I haven’t picked up the game in about a year (I’ve already had about 150 in the base game then like another 50 in VR) but I might be tempted to go back in after reading that!
My question out of all of it is why hang onto 5 years ago? they have made leaps and strides and been listening to the community that they have managed to gather behind them, people had problems with cyberpunk 2077 and the launch that it had yet people are still trying to play that game still trying to make it better, what exactly does a small Indie developer team have to do in order to address the egregious insulte that you have received, that has lasted these five long years for you?!? they have no parent company to back them up like other developers do, no Indie team I have ever heard of has done something so ambitious as no man's Sky, no matter how it started out it is the largest open explorable game on the market. so unless you can give me some more definitive reasons on why hello games is such an evil satanic bastard of a development team your opinion and all of this is seriously outdated and does not need to be kept reminding everyone else about something that no longer matters
Makes me think of the trucker ships in Cowboy Bebop.
    Trucker ships... haven't watched too far, sounds interesting
        Oh it's great. I can't remember which episode it was exactly but it's the latter half for sure.
            Aren't there only like 16 eps?
                It's been a while since I last watched it.
Yep..with a 3rd axle on the cab!
Well when you summon it using the freighter summon station it does that. Live it every time.
Yeah I know, but that's just not as *cool* ;).
Lol I hadn't read the comment you were replying to and was like hey this sounds a lot like WoW, I didn't know there was Fel Iron in NMS...oh
How's this for PTSD? Blade's Edge Mountains sub-70
    *whispers* plz, more
Oh, there was a lot of vitriol spewed at it.  People wondering why they made it so difficult.  What was the point.  Etc., etc., etc.

Well, ya know, we *are* playing a survival game here… so, survive!  It just meant we couldn’t zip to the location 10 hours away easily.

But what irritated a lot of people legit (myself included) is that when you find a beacon, it points to a random minor settlement somewhere on the planet, and it almost invariably was 10 or more hours away.  Further, once you used a beacon, any subsequent beacon is useless - it’ll point to the same place.  That could have been modified.

But ultimately, one just sets out to find a place at random.  Sure, the terrain was rough; so, tame a critter for a ride…
Was that the one where you started on an acid planet with a cool ship with weird components? I loved that one.
That's why I say remove the terrain manipulator also :). And sure, I'm all for just doing this in "hard mode" of some description.
The #1 expac is Wrath

The #2 expac is Legion

I will die on this hill
    They can be interchangeable.I loved both,Wotlk for the nostalgia from WC3 and Legion for it's almost insane scale and also nostalgia from WC3 with us facing down the final boss of WoW.Sargeras' death is wasted imo.
    Absolutely. Those two were my favorites as well!
    I’ll die on that hill with you too.
Gotta disagree tbh WOTLK will forever sit atop all wow expansions as the greatest. ICC is one of the best PvE raids in any MMO I’ve ever played
I also play the original BF2.

But the new one is alos looking real sexy with its modding community.
    Yeah fair, I don't have a gaming PC at the moment and if I did I'd be modding Skyrim until it broke or catching up on the past 5 years of PC games, not modding BF2. 

It's not a bad game it's just not for me. Yes they had a fantastic turnaround, but it was basically EA greed that caused the initial problem whereas I feel like NMS was more of a Molyneux style over-ambition problem.
        Yeah, I guess that's fair.
I do say that the original BF games do have some sweet mods. BF1 recently got a gigantic mod and BF2 is getting a BF3 mod.

NMS is always a different story. It takes a lot to transform from one of the most hated games on the planet into what it is now.
Ah....I am a dimwit.
    No, because you made very good points. I’m not tearing you down for those.  So, you made a great case, especially about the loot boxes.

No blood, no foul.
I have no idea what that has to do with my original statement.
Lol it wasn't like that before. After getting 2 kids and working i got to the point of fatigue every day. I tried even taking vacation. It doesn't work. Help!
    Your comments are exactly what I fear the most about having kids with my partner.
        Don't get me wrong. Having kids is a blessing. It really is but the truth is that it's also a second fulltime job. The only difference is that your Boss/Bosses is/are the cutest you can imagine.

Imagine this: your biggest love in life. Do you see a pumping heart? As a symbol of your life. Now put it under fire. That burning heart is the next dimension of love you are experiencing by having kids. You can't imagine until you have some. Just be prepared.
            I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
                Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
            Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
If you play Breakthrough on the Pacific maps (free DLC) BFV is a fantastic time. The movement and mechanics feel great. It's just that most of the original maps are a bit shit and they kept fucking with TTK to try to give noobs a chance, which just pissed off everyone. It's finally stable and goddamn is it fun. 

People act like it's the best game ever made but Battlefield 4 was dogshit on release, like constant desync errors and glitches out the absolute ass, it was about a year before it was playable. Most Battlefield games launch ropy and then get good after a ton of patches. From the beta I played of 2042 I don't see that happening because the problem isn't tedhnical - the game runs pretty well. The problem is with fundamental design decisions that can't be patched away. 2042 is basically just a way of playing old Battlefield multiplayer maps again with shiny graphics.
    Really every 2042 complaint Ive seen has been some glitch or bug. What design decisions are you referring to?
        Removal of the entire class system, no chat at all, no scoreboard, ~23 guns ~4 playable maps when BF4 launched with double the guns and 7 maps among many other things
            Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
        Maps too large/too many players so you don't feel like you have much impact.

Removal of factions in favour of hero characters cloned l over the battlefield. Really this comes down to the whole game being designed with the Hunt Showdown style gamemode front and center in their minds.

In the beta, no map outside of spawn screen (idk if this is fixed).

That's what comes off the top of my head. It just felt super soulless in the beta and I couldn't get into it at all.
Trucker ships... haven't watched too far, sounds interesting
    Oh it's great. I can't remember which episode it was exactly but it's the latter half for sure.
        Aren't there only like 16 eps?
            It's been a while since I last watched it.
*whispers* plz, more
They can be interchangeable.I loved both,Wotlk for the nostalgia from WC3 and Legion for it's almost insane scale and also nostalgia from WC3 with us facing down the final boss of WoW.Sargeras' death is wasted imo.
Absolutely. Those two were my favorites as well!
I’ll die on that hill with you too.
Yeah fair, I don't have a gaming PC at the moment and if I did I'd be modding Skyrim until it broke or catching up on the past 5 years of PC games, not modding BF2. 

It's not a bad game it's just not for me. Yes they had a fantastic turnaround, but it was basically EA greed that caused the initial problem whereas I feel like NMS was more of a Molyneux style over-ambition problem.
    Yeah, I guess that's fair.
I do say that the original BF games do have some sweet mods. BF1 recently got a gigantic mod and BF2 is getting a BF3 mod.

NMS is always a different story. It takes a lot to transform from one of the most hated games on the planet into what it is now.
No, because you made very good points. I’m not tearing you down for those.  So, you made a great case, especially about the loot boxes.

No blood, no foul.
Your comments are exactly what I fear the most about having kids with my partner.
    Don't get me wrong. Having kids is a blessing. It really is but the truth is that it's also a second fulltime job. The only difference is that your Boss/Bosses is/are the cutest you can imagine.

Imagine this: your biggest love in life. Do you see a pumping heart? As a symbol of your life. Now put it under fire. That burning heart is the next dimension of love you are experiencing by having kids. You can't imagine until you have some. Just be prepared.
        I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
            Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
        Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
Really every 2042 complaint Ive seen has been some glitch or bug. What design decisions are you referring to?
    Removal of the entire class system, no chat at all, no scoreboard, ~23 guns ~4 playable maps when BF4 launched with double the guns and 7 maps among many other things
        Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
    Maps too large/too many players so you don't feel like you have much impact.

Removal of factions in favour of hero characters cloned l over the battlefield. Really this comes down to the whole game being designed with the Hunt Showdown style gamemode front and center in their minds.

In the beta, no map outside of spawn screen (idk if this is fixed).

That's what comes off the top of my head. It just felt super soulless in the beta and I couldn't get into it at all.
Oh it's great. I can't remember which episode it was exactly but it's the latter half for sure.
    Aren't there only like 16 eps?
        It's been a while since I last watched it.
Yeah, I guess that's fair.
I do say that the original BF games do have some sweet mods. BF1 recently got a gigantic mod and BF2 is getting a BF3 mod.

NMS is always a different story. It takes a lot to transform from one of the most hated games on the planet into what it is now.
Don't get me wrong. Having kids is a blessing. It really is but the truth is that it's also a second fulltime job. The only difference is that your Boss/Bosses is/are the cutest you can imagine.

Imagine this: your biggest love in life. Do you see a pumping heart? As a symbol of your life. Now put it under fire. That burning heart is the next dimension of love you are experiencing by having kids. You can't imagine until you have some. Just be prepared.
    I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
        Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
    Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
Removal of the entire class system, no chat at all, no scoreboard, ~23 guns ~4 playable maps when BF4 launched with double the guns and 7 maps among many other things
    Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
Maps too large/too many players so you don't feel like you have much impact.

Removal of factions in favour of hero characters cloned l over the battlefield. Really this comes down to the whole game being designed with the Hunt Showdown style gamemode front and center in their minds.

In the beta, no map outside of spawn screen (idk if this is fixed).

That's what comes off the top of my head. It just felt super soulless in the beta and I couldn't get into it at all.
Aren't there only like 16 eps?
    It's been a while since I last watched it.
I’m absolutely sure you’re right and i’ll probably know whenever I have children. For now though I seem to really really appreciate my free time
    Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
Damn, that's poetic as fuck.
Yep, as well as shitty bugs.
It's been a while since I last watched it.
Haha lol enjoy your free time. Because at the moment of the birth of your first born you'll be shocked that this word will become a stranger to you ༼ ༎ຶ ෴ ༎ຶ༽ the only thing i regret. Sleep. I miss that so much
