[[Who else wants No Man's Sky to have gigantic cities]]





If enough people got together they could be built but I think it would melt the servers and go to half a frame a second.
    Space stations as cities would be pretty interesting. Satellite cities might be cool too.
        Absolutely. I've seen the suggestion to take ownership of abandoned space stations and rebuild the economy. It would be really neat if we could customize them too. There's a lot of great builders in the community so great things are possible and maybe if they continue support onto next gen consoles some of the limitations could be removed and we can see and make truly huge, multiplayer settlements.
            You wanna see me throw what remains of my social life away?  Let me buy, staff and customize a space station.
                Dude how awesome would that be, especially if players could show up in it. You could walk around like some big hotshot billionaire just shooting the shit with them.
                    Exactly!  Why bother exploring planets when we have MTV Cribs, space station edition?
            This would work as the space station would be all one giant nave mesh like it already is and then only individual decorations and lighting would weigh on the processing whereas 50+ ppl all building thousands of individualsl wooden wall nav meshes wouldn't even work on googles most powerful severs hah
                Alternatively it could be customisable inside, a bit like a freighter, but then still it's' single meshes for big rooms or areas.
                I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "nave mesh" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. A nave is the central part of a church and has nothing to do with a NavMesh.
                    Probably shouldn't shame people for trying to understand and being wrong. It's different from being dishonest
                        No I'm shaming someone for trying to correct another person on a subject they know nothing about. Kind of like you correcting me when don't even grasp what I said.
                            Instead of correcting them, you put them down on a personal level. I'm sorry if you're having a difficult time, these are strange days.
                                Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
                                    [removed]
                            He wasn't correcting anyone. Lmao the only one you've shamed is yourself and you should handle that in the old fashion Japanese way if you catch my drift. Also his Auto correct probably saw nav and was like wtf is this I'll fix that for you! Then your eyes crossed that and were like bully bully bully lmao what a clown go look good and hard in the mirror, it takes a while to grasp ugly.
                                Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
                                    I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
                    I know this is three months later, and you probably totally forgot about this, but you're totally not Cyber Bullying or as the other guy put it "Trolling" anyone, he's totally capping, and I agree that the other dude sounds like an idiot
            Yes. Please yes
            Exactly. Add some grind for a buff or a Sales Option.
Or simply get together outside of Nexus, in an non- PvP setting :)
            It's been forever since I've played. But abandoned space stations?!?!? When did those get added? I needa get back on!
                They've been a thing for a long time
Whenever you go to a system that has really fucked up planets like the ones that have glitches that you can pick up, those systems usually have a space station that's abandoned. The style inside is a little different And there are no people and it's kind of goopy but theres still a teleporter thing and a trade terminal
                    Fun fact- the abandoned stations are in the pre-NEXT design.
            I'll contribute a box. That's about the extent in my abilities. A box or a really tall box.
            Or Like upgrade freighter into space station an can just summon your own space station an customiser like you can with freighter
            I've been hoping to take ownership of an abandoned station since they were introduced.
            I also wish we could do something with abandoned space stations. The station at one of my planet bases is abandoned and I wish I could take it over and customize it. Between that, my fleet, a base on the planet and moon, and the little "observation" post on the nearby haunted planet would just make a great little system colony imo.
        These are all great ideas! I wish freighters and space stations had more too them, seems like kind of a waste of space
            Freighters make me laugh. Storage slots 1/4 of my exo suit!!
                you can put synchronized storage containers in the build area
                    Yes I know and have 10 but thanks. Still should be more storage in a thing that size. It has cargo holds on the outside as well.
                You're finding the wrong freighters then. Sure, combined our general and cargo slots in the exosuit definitely give more space. But those extra 30+ slots from a good freighter can really come in handy when moving high value merchandise like storm crystals or fossils.
                    I'm thinking a thing that size could have more like 300 slots! I know you can have 10 of your own storage boxes but still seems a bit daft.
                        I get ya, I'd say it's primary purpose is just that it's a mobile base. Can be pretty convenient being able to have all that storage just up in the atmosphere when you're building a new base.
                            It should have as meny slots as cargo bays on the outside. But they should be 1000x bigger in max capacity per slot. 

The
                                That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
                            Yes but it's easy to just teleport to another base where you have storage units till you build them at your new base. Granted you dont always want 10 storage units in every base🙂
                        Only thing with that is it would be way op with the item teleporter you would never need to store stuff anywhere except your freighter ever again. Lol
                            But it would be realistic
                        I mean if we are going for realism, then there’s no reason we should be able to hold so much on our backs to begin with lol ￼
                            Same in many many games 🤣
                                Truth
        I need a fully explorable High Charity.
        This would probably be easier to implement
        As far as NPC cities, orbitals or stations would fit into the lore best. Anything massive on the surface would attract sentinels. Gek are annoyed by them, Vy'keen hate them, and even Korvax will still put out bounties to kill'em.  Make them closer to the Citadel from ME2 or 3; where you have a massive city-scape but a smaller dock or market district to actually render and interact with. That'd keep it manageable, and allow for procedural generation of storefronts, shops, and the spaces. The Anomaly is already like this, in a way, but static. Imagine the back drop of the Anomaly as the Citadel or any massive space city, with just as much traffic and NPCs, but in different configurations in different systems.

That's something I'd love to see.
        I posted about this a while back when the city request first came up. They could allow you visit other floors on a space station and they could use the same space station assets and have procedural layouts with different NPCs , no ships, maybe a unique shop/quest giver along with houses you can't go inside.
        And would fit into the lore...
    Yeah, I love the idea, but I'm pretty sure it would absolutely kill my frame rate. Even me just visiting the Galactic Hub and viewing some of the cool/complex bases their really slowed my Xbox down.
        Technically making a city would take a lot less effort than a base or Nexus, since the NEXUS has to stay connected to dozens of other players in order to make multiplayer possible, and in a base each individual base building part has to be rendered separately. With cities, they would likely be programmed as one large asset, in which more and more detail is rendered the closer you get to them
            That's a good point. If they did choose that route, I wonder if  all the cities would technically look the same though? I think it would be cool to have them procedurally generated for individual uniqueness.
                If you want to only look at them from distance, then it should not be hard to implement. But if devs implement them only as glorified backgrounds then next thing players will ask is to visit these cities. And procedurally generate whole city is not a small task.
                Yeah they would probably be procedurally generated the same way terrain and large mountains are generated. Once you got close enough, the game would start to render individual shops and landing pads, the same way grass trees and animals come into view. NPCs could then be rendered walking around, each one with unique procedurally generated dialogue.
                    The Galactic Hub is essentially [a community of NMS players that have gathered together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGBtobLIpik) in a specific region (well, "regions" because it's actually more complex than that) of the galaxy to share in-game content, base building, resources, documentation, tech, etc...

There's even a capital system where you'll often see some really unique and advanced base building from players. You can find out more about it on the [Hub's NMS wiki page](https://nomanssky.gamepedia.com/Galactic_Hub_Project)
        What is the galactic hub?
            It’s a basically a portion of Euclid (there’s ones for other galaxies but not as big) that is inhabited and discovered  by a large amount of players, you can frequently meet other people or find cool bases in that region.
                That’s awesome. I remember an ooooold interview where Sean said that it would be unlikely for two people to ever run into another and thinking “Gamers, uh... find a way”.  

Any incursion style community projects?
    That's because it would have to load each piece that makes it up.. But if the developers had procedurally generated cities on random planets It would be loading them by building. I think it would work fine if they had em already made instead of a community built one. It would be nice to see planets with weather that makes sense also.. Like Tropical or Paradise planets having reg rain to go with the weather.. Instead of it going from 69 and breezy out to 143F because the planet just rains boiling water for some reason.
        Big cities could be doable, if HG only builds the exterior of these. Then have a door (or multiple doors or points of entry) where, if you go through, you are then sent to a separate instance showcasing the inner part of the city. Of course there would be no views of planet exteriors from the inside, but at least framerate would be safe. A bit like the Nexus I guess...

If implemented, I hope cities are not placed on every planet, only on a very minor percentage of them, or else they will not be special places to find at all.

On a side note, could also do with more variety of the existing Gek/VyKeen/Korvax structures already found on planets.
            They could have vendors all over and just NPCs to talk to also. Planets with Extreme Weather conditions could have domes over them with a big door that opens for your ship to enter with plenty of landing places. Also it would be absolutely nothing like the nexus...
                Yes I know. Not like the Nexus. Just saying it would be a separate entity from the rest of the planet so the framerate doesnt go to zero.
                    I see
        But how do you know that weather is unrealistic for other planets if you never been to another planet irl except for earth? Just playing devils advocate cause really they could put whatever they want on planets, we have no idea wtf is out there and earth is only one of billions
            My guess is most trees no matter what can't be grown on a planet that is -194f. Also physics is a thing.. Rain just doesn't come in hot enough to boil you alive on a planet that has a reg temp of 69f They can't really just do whatever.. Since you know it should at least make some kind of sense. There's never a hot planet that has colder rain.. Which would make sense. But whatever... If they wanted to stick to something cool but realistic they could add planets like WASP-76b where it rains Iron.

Edit : Unless something is heating the rain to incredibly hot temps I just can't see how rain would naturally gain that kind of heat on a planet where the base temp is around 69F in the day.
    You assume my PC runs this game at more than half a frame a second
        So seconds per frame at that point
    Dumb question maybe, but is NMS p2p or dedicated servers?
        If you buy the game, that's it. No subscriptions or paid dlc or mtx.
            In this case p2p means peer to peer, not pay to play.
                Oh haha my bad. Woke up not so long ago so I misinterpreted the question.
    I’ve kinda started to colonise a planet with a few friends and my twitch chat, it’s pretty cool so far 
If you’re interested just let me know :)
    It would be cool if there were a couple space stations like the giant space hub from mass effect.
    The assets are local.  The servers just store replications of object location and types.  It would not melt the servers but many players would be unable to run the area well.
    Maybe. If Hello Games made a universe that was on a separate server then it could be possible. Once you’ve unlocked your glyphs or it could be a special teleporter at the anomaly you could get the there a be moved to a completely separate teleporter where we can have plots and we can even hold our own elections. A full and functioning city within the game. It would be dope as fuck in VR.
    I feel like we need a ton more options and versatility to make a legit looking city instead of using things outside of their actual use just for their aesthetics
    There are some "cities" but it's pretty much exactly as you described
    Only reason that would happen is if people
Use the base building parts... if it was made by HG instead they could help with that issue
    I think we should start going from system to system and do this for a random planet. It would have to be big so it would need to be an initiative from everyone who resides on New Lennon. We agree on a planet in a neighboring system and direct everyone to go there for a 2 week period and build bases in close proximity to one another. Once the 2 week period is up we agree on a planet in a neighboring system and do the same. Keep doing this until we all get tired of it. Week could have themes like : Air bases only, water bases only, Massive bases only, Monuments only, etc..) . That way as people approach New Lennon they will start running into these interesting sites resulting from this. Would be a cool experiment for the community.
    Yeah I built three bases on a planet while my friend was working on base number two and we were causing so much lag it was impossible to continue building. We thought it would be possible but alas it was not
    Im down. Im gonna have a tea shop and name it the Jasmine Dragon...
    There's a limit of 3,000 parts per base, and that's more than enough to blue screen a console.
    Simple gamer waiting for quantum servers that allow for a fully functional universe at our fingertips that lets us be god over a simulation of our own that we can upload into and put ourselves into the .001% that rules over us like stupid money mongering idiots that they are
I love this kind of sci fi artwork
    Same! This one was done by Peter Elson, who's art was a major inspiration for the style of No Man's Sky
        Fooled me. I thought it[ was Chris Foss](https://www.chrisfossart.com/2012/02/galactic-alarm/) at first glance!
            Chris Foss also does some amazing work! I have one of his books and I absolutely love it!
                Yeah, I had this one when I was 20 or so years younger, not sure what ever happened to it...

https://www.amazon.com/21st-Century-Foss-Chris/dp/9063325711
                    That looks super cool! Might try and track down a copy of one for sale :D
                        Take a look for "Spacecraft 2000" as well.  It has the original artwork from this thread as well as a bunch of others.
        I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars.A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others, it would not be fan service or such
        Oh thought it was from a mark twain book
        Genuine question: does he get any type of compensation for his work being the inspiration?
            Well, he died in 1998, but I doubt you generally compensate someone who inspires you anyway. Although if he were still alive I'm sure he'd at least get a thank you or something.
        [deleted]
            I'd seen this cover before as well, so went looking with Google image search.

Ended up here, where it has been on a number of book covers: [http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?1519663](http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?1519663)

The original artist is Angus McKie and he drew the cover art for a many of the books that I read in my youth :-D
                The picture is also in this book - Spacecraft 2000 to 2100 AD.
        The artwork in the OP is by Angus McKie - though Peter Elson does have a very similar style.
    You might like r/RetroFuturism
        Cool! I already see a ton of awesome pics. Thanks!
        Also r/imaginarytechnology
    In case you were wondering, I'm pretty sure it's called Retrofuturism/or Pulp Sci-Fi.
        Thank you!!
            Yeah no problem
I want it to have more than just the same 3 variants of lizardbearkylosaurs and dancing jello buttplugs.
    I for one love my dancing jello buttplugs thank you very much!!!!!
        i never said i *hate* them... 😏
            Agreed! A variety of butt pluggery would be nice.
            O, my bad.
        I call them squonks.
            I call them hoppin' floppers.
    Don't forget the beaver tailed mongoose bears or the floating  crab squids.
    Yes! More variety please, not a freaking music making machine and giant robots
        I think that they could expand variety by having parts “morph” similar to how Spore handles it.
            EXACTLY! I though I was the only one who had thought of this, having the algorithm morph the individual assets to get more variety out of them
                The problem with that idea is that it's exactly how it works currently (for Fauna), and taht there are only a limited base forms you can use that makes sense visually. Spore doesn't really have more variety than NMS for land- or air-based creatures. As far as I can tell, NMS doesn't modify water creatures at all sadly.

Additionally, If they were adding assets (and I'm not so sure they don't add new ones from time to time)  you wouldn't automatically notice it, because they would be combined with old ones you already know. It would be "oh .. .a hopping mushroom with tentacle legs. Funny ... this one has crab eyes. Never seen that  yet ... but yeah ... hopping mushroom ... I wish there were more assets"

Not that they couldn't add stuff (slithering creatures, more aquatic create variety), but it wouldn't be a visual revolution no matter what they do I'm afraid, and most people wouldn't even notice it.
            How about, they make a deal with spores creator, and install every single animal ever created in that game, into this game.
                so. much. penis.
            That's..  how it was supposed to work.
        And a *complicated* music making machine.
        i mean those are pretty cool ngl
    You mean the plumbis?
    I’ve never heard these two said before but I literally saw them in my head when I read your comment
    I feel like changing their plant "formula" is more important for planets looking different.
    Or the fact in every body of water there are 2 types of fish, a shoal of jellyfish and a crab thing.
    I think that would be pretty hard given the lore of the game.
Save some things for the sequel.

All of the additions they've made are based on the current game's core foundation. The constraint is that they have to run on current-gen consoles.

I'd rather have them develop more ambitious stuff from the ground up, rather than just adding to the current foundation and just feel tacked in. By this time, Ive got my money's worth with all the updates and improvements they've added, anyway.
    Sensible post is sensible.
        Getting some Cinema Sins vibes here lol
    Yeah I'd rather have them optimize the performance, and fiddle around with the rng, maybe squash some more bugs.
    I agree with this.
    Finally. 


They can't just keep updating this game for free forever.
My concept for cities would be partially ruined cities with huge, electrified walls and guards on them constantly defending against wave after wave of Sentinels.
    Tower defense in nms, it could work
    This could be a variation of planetary cities, while the non destroyed cities are either in space or on sentinel sparse areas.
        I was thinking that cities like my concept would fit more with the lore, given that the Sentinels try to destroy all planetary cities, but I also think that a variation of space station with a contained environment and city would be cool as well.
    Yes! This!
Ah, the mysterious City Ships of Alpha Centauri!  


I have the Terran Trade Authority book with this page.
    Read so many years ago, recognized immediately...great if they were in the game the same way, unapproachable and mysterious.
        Perhaps if you got too close they'd fly away
    I have that book, as well!
    So do I :D
    I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others
    Yep
    Which book is that? Do you recommend it. Just seen this series for the first time.
Technically, that would go against the game lore, with the sentinels having destroyed all cities and whatnot. I'm not saying it wouldn't bee cool though :)
    The lore was added afterwards to justify a lot of the game's decisions lol
        Exactly! They could change the lore as part of a new update, or they could add to it, saying that the cities were destroyed by sentinels thousands of years ago, and since then the 3 races have rebuilt their grand cities
    wait, there's lore that goes deeper than "Alien see space, alien make tech, alien go to space, now aliens are in space"

(Yes, I haven't been paying attention to the main storyline, how could you tell?)
    The lore isn't exactly concrete in this game. they could change it pretty easily and it wouldn't be that much of a big deal, they've changed the story in the past.
    SPOILERS! Also if that was the case why don't we see city ruins everywhere?
        We do, though. That's what all the Ancient Ruins are. I figure we just see the uppermost areas and the rest is buried.
            Those are hardly cities, more like ancient castles
                Almost like they are ancient ruins or something.
                    I think you're missing the distinction OP is trying to make between a city and a castle
                        A castle is an ancient city.
                            No a city is a civilization, the castles in the game could hardly house more than 15 people. Perhaps a group of castles and ruins together could be considered a small city, but certainly not one lone building
    They could always have a new addition where there's systems with no sentinels where cities (and piracy) have begun to rebuild in earnest.
    Even if its just ruins of the destroyed cities, it will be fun to explore.
My medium sized base doesn’t even render properly on the PS4 Pro. What chance would a massive city have? Until they improve that aspect of it, big cities are a pipe dream.
No. I don’t want that because it’s impossible, and aiming for it will steal energy they can expend doing something more achievable. Like increased animal variety, or more anomaly types.

I guess I do want it, but it would be effing insane. Multi-biome planets seems more achievable. But then it will break someone’s base and then we’ll have feels about that.
    They should let ppl blueprint bases in portions so you could easily rebuild it like in fo76(accept less buggy lol)
    Even if it were possible, it's a different game.

If we got cities, someone would want traffic, someone else would want jobs, someone else would want cafés, bars, restaurants, supermarkets, cinemas, etc.

No Man's Sky isn't The Sims, or GTA, or whatever. Bases weren't part of the original plan because they worked against exploration. If a city _was_ done properly you'd be even less inclined to explore. If it _wasn't_ done properly we'd get either a drip feed of minor improvements of that aspect, or just abandoning it. No matter what, it's contrary to the core of the game.
        But that's the beauty of it. Whether you like the Cities, the Base Building, the combat (derelict freighters), the exploration, anything, there's something in it for everyone.
        I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others.
            I get what you mean. Features to distinguish between male and female npc's. Not sure about korvax though, considering they probably don't have genders due to being robots.
                Yeah. Hence why I said maybe a new type of traveler or anomaly, in addition to the ones that already exist. Not so much about making changes to any of the three main races.
    Never say something is impossible.
Unfourtnaly there will never be cities unless there is a retcon, in lore sentinels destroy anything like cities. Although I wish there were.
    They could be on planets that don't have Sentinels. They could make the Sentinels sometimes attack with their ships and add turrets/other ships to the city to shoot them down.
Yea, maybe if they made a brand new graphics engine on next gen hardware to support such a feature then just maybe it could work. But seeing the company defintly doesn't have that type money, it ain't gonna happen. Love the idea though.
    Make a No Man’s Sky next gen rerelease to secure funds, at least half of us here would buy it!
        Dunno. I've learned not to trust their pre-release hype. I wouldn't buy it until I knew all current features were still there.
        Still not sure they'd make a profit. And just like any other company you shouldn't embark unpo an expensive endeavour if the likelyhood of success is essentially nil.

Love to see it happen though.
            Current gen and next gen games run on the same architecture so it wouldn’t be that hard to rerelease the game, the only hard part would be upgrading it enough to warrant another purchase for loyal fans
Home planets for each race would be awesome
As cool as that would bee wouldn’t that break the lore?
There would be three rooms and one of them would be empty.
Better yet, we can MAKE those cities.
    Yeah, but they'd just be for shows. No meaningful interaction with the NPCs, no traffic, no semblance of life.
legit everyone
    [deleted]
        I’m with you.
        See, that's why I want it.

I want them huge and empty. There's a load of lore stuff about the sentinels just arbitrarily turning up and wiping out planets. Itd be pretty cool to be able to stumble across the outcome of one of those. No life beyond maybe one or two archaeology tents with one of the four races present as a little scouting group, otherwise just you, a creepy abandoned city, and maybe some nice loot in the middle.
            [deleted]
                True, but I feel like the only city we need for the style of NMS we already have in the form of the Nexus. 

Something I'd love to see, especially in abandoned systems, would be crashed stations on the planet's surface. Maybe being able to loot them for bigtime rewards would be awesome.
        I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others, it would not be fan service or such .
    The problem with making a giant city is you have to fill it with something, of course. And filling it with something satisfying would be hard. You could make it a giant jumbled mess of empty procedurally generated buildings, but what's interesting about that? You could fill it with resources and sentinels and maybe a few random interest points, but then it's just a weird biome essentially. Giant cities could be great, but seem really hard to do in a satisfying way.
        That's my issue with it: making it matter.
        Have it filled with procedurally generated shops and stuff like the insides of space stations. Places where you can buy new exocrafts and ships, recruit new workers for your base, and maybe get jobs where you could go on missions. Thousands of NPCS could walk around these cities, each with there own procedurally generated dialogue and stories. There might be trade shops where you could exchange resources or invest in the stalk market! Our imagination is the only limit as to what these cites could be filled with :D
            That sounds like a whole ass game you're proposing here.
            What you're proposing is probably impossible within the scope of the games engine. Not saying its not a fantastic pipe dream, but never remotely going to happen within NMS.
            Then everyone would just fly strait to a city and stop planet hopping. You would just dial in the best cities and then 99% of the game would be wasted. This is horrible. Player hubs/apartments with minimal shops is a better idea though i think the best idea would be small towns for friend groups to all chill at and built and work towards securing good merchants like terreria
                I disagree, I think that different players would do different things. I'm still an explorer by heart, and nothing could stop me from discovering new planets. Cities would only make the planets feel more alive and real, making me want to explore them even more!
    :D
    Not me, at all. I've been railing against cities for years.
I wish there was more in the game to make it feel inhabited. I mean, I get that its a huge galaxy, but there just doesn’t seem to be much in it. One space station per star system, and a few other ships. I don’t mind there being a bunch of empty, uncharted planets, but you’d think that with several races of space-faring aliens there would at least be MORE. Still love the game though.
    I very much agree with this. What we currently have in NMS is to little, and is exactly the same in each system
It actually is mentioned a lot in lore but they were a destroyed by sentinels sadly.
Maybe like some spooky ruins, something that's easy on the algorithm, maybe a few lore nuggets here and there.
That would be the best update ever
If there were huge cities I think the game would be infinitely better, and maybe there could be like a black market or something where you can find rare materials for a high price or something like that
Before cities I'd prefer more features to planets such as lakes, rivers, mountains, waterfalls and other features. 

At the moment I am sure that all water is rendered at a certain Y axis and that's it. Not bad, but also could be improved a lot. 

I also wouldn't mind removed terrain around my base to actually look the same in my mates game. Bit shit dragging your mate over to show off your base only to hear "whys all the ground coming through your floor?".

So until then.....not really that interested in "gigantic cities".
    This.
If no cities, then I'll settle for the foreground.
Good old 70's sci fi art, i love it!
At the expense of my frame rate, I shall pass. 

Besides, building small towns is fun for me.
Yes, because the game doesn't run bad enough already
Doesn't sound bad, I'd love to.... hold on I believe my CPU is somehow loading a shotgun back there
That would be so cool! And in pirate systems they can be wrecked and in flames
Definitely not.  I don't think it fits in with what NMS is about, i.e. the whole "lonely universe" thing.
    Nearly every system is populated. There very little that's "lonely" in this game.
        Lonely doesn't mean there is no one else in the universe.  You exist by yourself, a lone traveler in a vast, sparsely populated, unfamiliar universe, unsure of even who you are or why you are there.
    Hello games themselves do not seem to care about changing style when it comes to making new updates. I mean, recently hello games implemented abandoned freighters, and if you told me a year ago they were going to add dungeons I would be surprised. 

This is just a possible future for no mans sky, but it might not fit the game we currently have now. Probably too intense compared to the planets we currently have. 

Personally, I think I much prefer a game that transitions between multiple different atmospheres to create story-like experiences.

This is a sandbox game, maybe it will be something like dwarf fortress or something in the future, who knows. Hello games just seem to add whatever they feel like.
        This is true.  Maybe trying to bring back old civilizations could be part of "phase two" of the NMS story.  Here is an old article I found in which Sean Murray and the author emphasize the "cosmic loneliness" aspect of NMS.  I think it's supposed to resemble some of the classic sci-fi of the mid-1900s.

https://www.tweaktown.com/news/62873/mans-sky-always-cosmic-loneliness/index.html
    Cities would have to be extremely rare. In fact, a lot of things should be rarer than what they currently are. Lush planets are not special often you find two or three in the same system...
        True, lush planets are pretty easy to find.  Although, I don't think lush planets are as great as some people do.  I'd prefer to live in a desert or snowy planet or some place that is not Earth-like.
    Personally I disagree. I think it would add to the vastness of the game. Notice how incredibly far away those giant cities are. The distance itself gives a very strong feeling of being impossibly far away. Also look how small the people are in the lower left corner. It truly adds to the vastness and loneliness we feel when looking at a painting like this
        I'm not judging the painting.  I'm just saying I don't think it fits with NMS if there are established cities with like a civilization to interact with.  Maybe some small, wild west type towns but nothing huge.  Right now, the "minor settlements" are hardly settlements at all.
            Yeah there could be bigger setlements (between 7 to 10 structures). Sometimes they could have an exocraft bay. Sometimes a bar type place. An average of 8 NPCs.
            theres so much to the game that the people who “want more” havent found yet.
Nobody. The game can barely run on some platforms as it is.
    They would have to draw the exterior of the city, with a point of entry somewhere, which if used, loads the inside of the city in a separate instance or place, without competing with planet render.
I mean at this point just play star citizen
    I think they just want to add more content to the game. The exploration aspect of it gets pretty boring once you've discovered all of types of planets. Cities and other structures may add some more flavour.
        the space anomaly is technically already a city... what else could you possibly add without some total conversion?
    Id like a game with an endgame though
        nms doesn't really have an endgame though
            True... It does get me about 80 hours on one playthrough though
Nms is not star citizen...
This guy wants it
    so does this guy [👈](https://www.reddit.com/u/Cheddre/)
        This guy also
            Also this guy :D
Me
This would be great, and maybe each city could have its own storyline as well. Would certainly help break up the monotony of gathering resources.
Yes please
or Larger Bases easier to find
What is that art from?
    Peter Elson, his art is in fact what inspired this game :D
    Angus McKie
I wish so badly. Would be incredible
I'm just waiting for the giant space horrors
Yes, along with procedurally generated alien races at different places in their evolutionary timeline.
I mean of course we do but I think it would be too difficult or expensive technically to make reality right now.
Yes, and I can see how they would do it. With the base building parts and the new proc gen freighters, they could make proc ten small towns and cities.
Having fully populated cities is probably beyond what's possible for the engine to handle on current gaming platforms, but I'd love to see ruins like in that picture.
I've wanted that since the game first came out. I want other, smaller civilizations and intelligent races other than the Korvax, Gek, and Vy'keen. Perhaps you can even show them your technology and watch them slowly learn how it works, and them reverse engineering it so they can go the the stars as well and become just as significant as the other three species. 
Like if it's a civilization that has stone-age technology, it takes way longer for them to advance after you show them your tech, but if they have information age tech it takes way shorter.
Maybe you can find cities/civilizations that are super high-tech and advanced but they have barely traveled throughout space.
Or maybe civilizations that have traveled space, but they aren't nearly as dominant as the Korvax, Vy'keen or Gek.
Or there could be planets that are exactly like Earth, same flora and fauna, and everything. How cool would that be, to just see other Humans in a game about distant space. The possibilities are endless.
Civilizations and cities, along with other changes to planet and species generation would make exploration a lot more fulfilling and interesting.
I think how we want them (so not counting the possible ways we could build one with what we have now) would be impossible especially on PS4/X1, even if they could do that it would tank the framerate and cause way too many issues. However if they were to do a No Man's Sky 2 for Next Gen what is built from the ground up to take advantage of are dream stuff like multiple biomes, endless variation and yeah cities i see these big grand Sci-Fi cities being very possible. In fact big full of life worlds and cities could very well be the big selling point of a sequel for Next Gen if it happens.
City on planet isn't great idea.. sentinels doesn't let people rebuild or build Cities.. Space stations are cities: if we could visit them it would be cool..  but what doing in them ?
I'd prefer it without this Vulcan shit that forces me to either buy more powerful gfx card or cease playing the game.

And since The Outer Worlds, Skyrim and Witcher 3 work quite good, the new card doesn't seem a must.
While I am actually enjoying NMS on this year's annual attempt to play the game and not hate myself after 5 hours, and the loading time and Framerate has improved on my computer (same one as launch day), I highly doubt the engine could handle meaningfully large cities in any pleasing way, when it still has some trouble with vastly featureless plants.

At most I see a possibility for dungeons that are like an entrance that goes deep enough to go below the planets subsurface (mining limit), that load you into an instance separate from the planet.
Star Citizen has joined the room
How about a functional multiplayer that is worth playing? Let's fix basic gameplay before we add crazy new features.
We don't have it yet but i can already feel my laptop dying.
I just did one of the derelict freighter missions, and there's a log that mentions seeing cities. "Why did the Sentinels allow this?"
On one side, I'd love it.  It's breathe a lot of life into the universe.

On the other, they'd have to retcon sentinels somehow or create some way that the cities are able to hide from sentinels.  I believe it's in the lore that there's no large settlements because the sentinels break it all down.
One of my biggest gripes with no man's sky is that there's like no residential area for the species, sure there's tiny bases, space stations, etc, but to have a giant korvax city or something would be amazing
Yes! infact i have been trying to build some in the elucid galaxy
I would just like the terrain to not regen. Undergrounnd bases and tunnels would be cool.
What part of "No Man's" sky don't you people understand?
I want that exocraft🚗💨💨
I want RUINED cities to explore but NOT inhabited. maybe the odd NPC wandering, but that's it.
Anyone want to form a city? Pick one planet and bring a bunch of people together?
well, seeing this new update we're probably very close to it!
Even medium sized bases barely load up. What makes people think a city is a good idea.  

Hell the minor settlment I just pulled up to, which is one building, isn't even loading the landing pad.

Cities have to be one of the dumbest things I've seen people want.  

Maybe it's just a console issue, maybe it's my internet, but I don't see it going well with cities.
Me
Yes
Oooooh yes! Procedurally generated buildings, availability of rarer items in the markets, the ability to take full-time jobs and missions, bounties on fugitives trying to blend in, and the possibilities are endless! It could act as a space station, anomaly, and trading post, with even more features! They should be fairly rare, though.
A tiem may come, meanwhile... I need more nanites :v
I think that's a great idea, once they work a bit more on the base building. Cause, right now, snapping objects at different angles is tedious at best. when i LAlt to Rotate / flip a tringle wall, but it snaps back to it's original state when i try to place it... that kind of limits base building.
What would this look like in an In Game concept? Idk what there would be here. Maybe sentinels and some npcs but it wouldn’t be much different than big space station or something.
Am I the only one that thought it as an ISD in the corner at first
Who remembers those old graphic novels or comic books that had this art style? I read them about 25 years ago not sure how old they were then. Fingers crossed someone can point me in the right direction
    Pulp magazines. Mostly from the 50's, 60, 70's. They had all kinds of titles like "Amazing Stories" or "Weird Tales". Blam - here's a free archive:

https://archive.org/details/pulpmagazinearchive?sort=titleSorter

Another good one from the 70's/80's is called "Heavy Metal".
        holy heck that is amazing, im sure its gonna be in there. Would you happen to know the names of some sci-fi stuff from that Era? There is a specific collection I'm thinking of, I mainly remember the art, futuristic cities, aircraft. 

Thanks for the link!!
            My pleasure. You can sort by sci fi and by decade. Try the 50's. Weird Tales has some great covers.
                Thats what I'll do, thanks! I will definitely check out your recommendations as well, they look pretty interesting. I can see how someone could spend many hours on this site haha... thanks!
                    Yeah, it's a rabbit hole for sure. Lol.
I hope  Murray will add the cities in the game but I think he won’t do because nms is born as a game of exploration of unknown places. With the cities the game will lost part of its sense
    How is that? If you travel to 200 planets and find one unknown city. How would that not make sense ? If anything, having an interesting city or ruins of a city here and there troughout the universe, would make the exploration more exciting. Honestly, exploring gets real boring, real quick in the current empty universe.
        I agree with you. I would like some interesting places to visit besides a boring ruin. What I wanted to say is that, like the name of the game says, this game is an exploration of a no man’s sky. I hope Murray will understand that not everyone like to spend hours and hours to see flat planets and strange creatures. I would like to see some aspects of Star Citizen in Nms(I know star citizen is more a simulation then a game, it was the first game came to my mind)
My dream man. And I want it to be a place with stuff on them. Like you can buy a house and decorate it in there. You can look around for shops and quick missions. Like really just an entire society, that you can actually spend time on it and help the people out, or be a part of its underground criminal activities. This is probably. never gonna happen tho. ;-;
I can't see this running on a base Xbox one, let alone psvr
Like a planet type like an garden world but a city type with naturally generated town, cities, and other lifeforms!
Let's just get explorstion overhaul in first.. Ots hard to ask for cities right now.
I just want to learn the exocraft blueprint
I want NMS to have a system whereby, I control a system that I have a freighter in.  And to control multiple systems I'll need multiple freighters.  I would also have influence within the area my frigates operate on expeditions.  When the area of influence of 2 players overlap they can enter negotiations for things like trade agreements, alliances, or wars.
Maybe on next gen systems 🙂🙏
The FPS on my eyeballs just dropped
It would melt current gen consoles and potato PCs.
    Honestly, the game is made in such a way, that even powerful PCs struggle to load textures of large bases, and have FPS drops.
        Sadly yes. It makes me very sad, that with a PC which is able to run the newest Metro at 60 fps 2k has still fps drops and lag spikes when flying on planets. The pop-ins and lag spikes are a major mood killer for me and made me drop the game everytime.
            I saw some videos showing that there was more vegetation on planets. Ticker better looking grass, but it was hurting FPS on slower machines, so they changed it. Now when you move fast there is no grass at all, and when you stop moving the grass and stuff starts loading. Definetly a mood killer and one of the many reasons i don't play anymore.
Why does this look like the cover art of a Sci-fi book from the 60s-80s?
    Because its by Angus McKie, mid-70's
        Ah, that explains it.
I just want more slots for ships. 6 isn't enough. Let me expand my freighters landing bay.
It resembles a mushroom cloud.
Can't help feeling they would feel completely empty though
    Idk, the game feels empty now. Theres not even proper ruins of different civilizations in the whole universe.
I didn't know i wanted them but now I want them 


Also imagine a city like the Cloud City (from star wars)
I would be ok with just small towns. But of course, big cities is better
Look i dont care for cities i just want massive flora and monoliths/buildongs
Gigantic cities would bring new life to this game
Ring city! Ring cities around entire planets!  Have Freighters and frigate docking points or even entire drydocks!
I actually have the book this image appeared in. Some great artwork in it.
I'll settle for two different versions of space trading post.
Yeah... me and the boys are onto that
I would love to see homeworlds.
Absolutely that’d be sick
Maybe gigantic cities in certian systems instead of a station. Same features but with extras like an entire market street
One little thought I’ve had in the back of my mind was sentinel planets. They would be completely industrialized by the sentinels, extremely dangerous, and hold a treasure trove of unique equipment and products. It could also have it’s own unique sentinel spawns, and it’s fauna could be replaced with varying automated security.
looks more like someone just nuked a gigantic city
This was the kind of art work that inspired the game initially. But they opted to move away from this to have a more "realistic" and washed out art style. Too bad really.
I mean, we can't even get more than 1 different space station, so I think actual cities are out of the question.
Eh, we trade off relatively low loading times and all for not having super complex constructs.

Whilst it would be cool, the functionality would get old when it’s like ‘run through the city for the 1000th to get to the Nano vendors, then back to your ship!’  They’d have to add in loading screens and all for that as well I’d imagine.

They’ve given us an insane game now, I’d be fully prepared for them to stop updating No Mans Sky and start work on the next project.
i saw a base that kinda looked like the thing on the image but downscaled on the void egg planet
This is one of the big things missing for me
Well what you could do is have a city for like every 1000 systems or something (they'd all be marked so you could easily find them), and systems with a few colonies on them would be far more common.
Right now I would settle for customizable ships, or a space walk feature. But this would be so cool. It would make it feel more like star wars.
I started to build my own city and colonisation of a planet, but the bigger I keep building it the more glitches arise. Like missing doors and rooms. They dont load always and sometimes blink in and out of existence. I guess the game cant handle alot of buildings at the same time =(
The Nexus is kind of a city. Or a Intergalactic shopping mall.
I feel this universe is even too big than what is necessary. It’s like an overdose of possibilities which in fact limits the developers to dig more the “science” part of this scifi: cities would be a great problem to implement, but realistically their absence makes no sense. At the moment the galaxy looks like the years of barbarism after the fall of an empire, but even in Asimov’s foundation cities remained, some planets developed their very peculiar culture. I love NMS, but there are **huge** rational holes on its scenography. And again, I believe it’s this exaggerated size of the explorable universe (endless galaxy * idk how many galaxies in total) which keeps us to see a more studied and plausible universe.
I'm mot sure this will happen as the reason there is no large cities is because the sentinels destroy any that are built
Where was this filmed, Japan?
Absolutely, the law on why there isn't is a bit poor as well
The Korvax homeworld was a massive city but it was blown up by the gek
The millions of gek city world were nuked by vykeen and korvax knobheads, every radioactive planet was a city planet
Vykeen don't have them because they are stupid
I wouldn't say "gigantic" per-se, but definitely areas with more than one building for sure. As others have said though, the problem is the servers and our own consoles/PCs.

My addition to that would be that it doesn't entirely fit the universe. That's why the Space Anomaly is so dope though. It's like having a little city you can visit.

Not saying it wouldn't be a lovely change though. If anyone can make it work in this genre, it'd be Hello Games. I went from cancelling my pre-order of NMS, to being in love with a game and its Devs 2 years later.
We only see small bases, space stations that look big but are small, and small shops, so it would be nice to have cities, even the size of a small village (50-200 inhabitants, 1 house every 2-5 inhabitants, shops, fields, etc...)
I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others, it would not be fan service or such.
I think as time goes on HG will add more (and more complex) structures and eventually cities on certain planets. It seems a natural progression for the game but still to much for right now. All things in time.
People still play this game?
Not my PC that's for sure
As a fan of both NMS and Star Citizen, which has ProcGen cities, I think procedural generated cities is totally doable and I hope they add them very soon.
There could be bigger setlements than what we have right now (between 7 to 10 structures). Sometimes they could have an exocraft bay. Sometimes a restaurant or bar type place. An average of 8 NPCs.

Of course the current small settlements would still continue to exist. Do not remove stuff that already exist.
Chris's Foss! Great artist.
Literally everyone who got the game
First we'd need actually large planets with high atmospheres as a building like that would reach well into space on the current planets
It’d probably melt my console. So as much I like that idea... I’ll pass
Isn't the whole point of this game is to build our own community? What about we all come together on a planet that's rich and build a city together? Shops are easy enough if people want to do the work ie foods, supplies and even ship merchants. This is very do able
Gigantic cities, deep underwater oceans, maybe a pure ocean planet... The ability to land on water.
They should develop a city mini-biome that can be dropped onto any planet.
Not really. I'm all for being a space hobo. You keep your big cities.
Processors go : brrrrrrrr ...
They would be nice but doubt they'll come.
Would take a community effort, they’d need to make it where at least a couple hundred people could be on the same planet at once.

Procedural generation can only do so much when it comes to civilization building, unless it’s exclusively structure only. Even then we still see recycled structure shapes in game.

Unless they were super, super rare, they might lose their buzz in finding them if it was the same pasted city multiple times.

I enjoyed the new freighter salvage thing that was added, but got burnt out on it fast when 4 times in a row it was horror infestation same dialogue, and same ship layout.
Yes but then u need the ground people who get stuck with all their trash but then rise up and pull a Bolshevik revolution
Idk if its still the case but I know hello games was involved with a guy who was trying to make a random generator for cities. But again idk if this is still a thing
I’m sure they could do it by adding some sort of setting in the gen for density and population. So that even the existing buildings have a chance of organizing into cities of a sort, few extra assets that trigger when x number of buildings spawn at a point and there you go

But more importantly, what I want is a reason to go there.  The biggest thing NMS lacks is a compelling reason to do anything (if you are not into base building and ship collecting)

I admit I have not played in a while, but I recall my last experience much like the griswalds at the Grand Canyon, scan, land, look around move on, log. 

Cities would need to mean something special, not just be oversized trading posts and a bit of eye candy. What can you do there that you can’t do at a space station? Even if you explore it, what could you find?

I imagine it could be a good place for a ship dealer, and maybe a place to find high end components, but that’s not really a problem now. They could work as a multiplayer hub, and you could get fetch quests or play iron chef I suppose.
    [removed]
        Haha, yeah I can sympathize. Any heavy grind turns me off at this point in my life. I want action and intrigue not an endless rock collector sim. 

(NMS has come a long way and has lots to enjoy, but it takes a real die hard to log hundreds of hours going thru the same motions over and over)
I think it would be cool to have cities under a big glass bubble dome. It could keep the level of detail low until you landed at the main entrance. It would be hard to manage a city popping in. They would have to render it from space because the planets are a tad small. It would be neat to have building themed for each race. Like the vy'keen stuff would look like green twisted buildings or like klingon stuff.
The sentinels might have a problem with this. As in, they wiped out every single planetary city in the galaxy in 45 mins flat and that is why everyone lives on space stations and freighters.
Exploration variation first. Then cities, space whales, landable asteroids. Then this game is near maxed S class IMO
It would be cool but I don't think that consoles and low end PCs could handle them
Why won't us build it together and make a big city
I've got this book. Some of the Terran ship designs were an inspiration for the style used for the spaceships in Homeworld.
Unless you want them to be essentially usless the game needs a lot more content.
I like that idea. Given that most of the other races you come across have already established small stations on the planets as well as trading posts. The next thing would be to have established colonies of them.
I’d like them if they were like the rarest things in the game
I've always been curious about the Gek, Vy'keen, and robotic folks homeworlds. They're at every space station and on-planet trading posts. Where do they all originate from?!
Considering how terribly this game already runs this would probably destroy pcs
I'm still waiting for waterfalls lol
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me
They would be cool, but bland after the first time as they would all look almost the same
We are limited by the servers but we could build something if we organized a meet up on one planet
I would be okay with even little settlements with some AI giving quests
I do, but I think they would need to procedurally created, just as terrain, forests, etc are now. They would also need to be procedurally populated with npcs, urban appropriate fauna and flora, etc. Even if only one planet in a thousand had a city that is still far more than any development team could create without doing them procedurally.

Player created cities would place far too much load on the servers.
I'd love for them to put some time and energy into bases in general. It's minimally ok as it is, but there is a lot of room for improvement.
Would need a total engine overhaul and honestly NMS could use settlements and military and pirate bases and dungeons but I feel like cities would not fit in the game at all.
I'm currently brainstorming/ working on my own city lol. But yes it would be fantastic to have them in the game and come across like the random buildings
Yes yes yes yes

Let’s make a working group
I wish they would introduce abandoned city planets. Basically, have a generation similar to what we have except that you get city planets where the various species once lived
What confused me was the rover and three people the city's would be a great idea though
Abso-fuckin-lutely. But it baffles me how, as far as I can tell, no one has made a city yet...
I remember someone, can't remember who to give credit, suggested making cities spawn inside domes to play nice with the proc gen. Outside a big dome, inside proc gen buildings and npcs. I thought that was a great idea and would work well. Even opens up the idea of underwater cities or cities on dead moons.
Its a cool idea, but probably not doable to any degree of effectiveness in a procedurally generated universe. I would definitely love to see it though!
Maybe next gen. Right now, my PS4 can’t handle my little bases.
That would be awesomeeee

What would be the awesomest is if it was under water!
I can’t figure out how to get an exocraft I just started please help lol
I have diabetes
I have always felt if this game incorporated a much larger NPC/ quest system, this game would go through the roof. 
One of my favorites regardless. 🙌
And abandoned, desolate cities too.
If there's going to be cities they better change the generation each time.. I don't want them to be like space stations, which are different on the outside but the same on the inside.
Don’t we all my friend. Don’t we all
My mom has the book with this illustration. Edited to add - The book is called Spacecraft 2000 to 2100 AD.
Who else wants NMS to have good varied planets with interesting creatures and actual orbiting mechanics?
Why isn't this a thing already
Since the beginning of the game I’ve talked about how cities should be added. There’s just no way that there’s are multiple highly advanced species and they have no major cities? 

Procedurally generated blocks for residential, commercial, industrial, with parks, highways, and a downtown wouldn’t be impossible. That way each city you come across would be different. I think they should be a fairly rare spawn, something for players to gather around in local star clusters. 

You could even toss a wall around it to create a different load zone to limit the framerate issues.
I would rather have wider variety of planet biomes. 

I'm at a point where all the toxic planets look the same, all the frozen planets look the same, all the radioactive planets look the same, all the hot planets look the same... Etc etc.
Man, my PS4 Pro is already dry heaving whenever I'm on my freighter. Put me in a gigantic city, I think it would rather kill itself than to try and load that. lol
Everyone else on this sub lol. We have been asking for cities since the dawn of time
We need huge cities and pvp
It’s not the spirit of the game, No Mans Sky is all about exploring the frontier, discovering traces of more sophisticated life forms, and the odd outpost here and there, but never to go beyond the idea of a more tamed, more understood universe. I always think in the end what’s more impressive, the natural world, or humanities creations there in? Sean stated in terms of sci-fi influences the earlier Star Wars films were an inspiration for the game world they wanted to create, desolate, mysterious, uncharted. Like I’d personally like see more variety in structures, space stations, relics and so on, theres just something about that small little ruin that evokes a better sense of discovery because there so discretely placed around planets, versus a city which would be so noticeable you wouldn’t have to look very hard to find one.
These requests are counter productive FFS , can you please take a second and use your brain , all of you guys are requesting nonsense content 
This game can't even load the map when im fucking landing on a planet , leading to a fall through the floor , base are lagging the shit out pf my PS4 reactor , so how the f would you want to get a city bigger than the anomaly ? 
And most importantly , WHAT WOULD YOU DO ? Fucking stare at the same NPCs for hours with the same dialogs ? W  A  W 
Instead of that get on the exploration update propaganda so maybe they finaly will release it . 
Even a 10 yr old child playing a few hours can understand that hardware limitations are way way too important for PS4 .
they should make it so you can colonise planets and farm animals and that
would be nice if HG would have not gone all in on procedural generation. There is just not enough horse power in the PS4 for this with procedural generation
Nms NEEDS cities of any size.
Aincrad is that you?
What I want, nay! What I need, is to have a boss level Vy’keen Warrior block my path on my way to a Portal!
Everybody except my CPU.
What would you put into these cities to make them feel alive?
Thought there were mods that had something like this.
I'd say place attention on dead/abandoned systems. Clear and fix the derelict space stations like the freighters in those systems, fight off the weird space encounters you find in said systems, then look to solving situations on the planets there- rescuing NPC's trapped in hostile bases, landing pads and settlements while taking out hordes of biological horrors. 

Now this would be gameplay for the ages.
Boy do I have a game for you, try out star citizen.
Nah
Imagine a WH40k hive city.. its be a thing of beauty
The real question is who wouldn't.
Not me
Orrrrr we just build them there's a sizable amount of us that are architects. Heck when I unlock everything I will be doing stuff like that
I mean that'd be cool but the game already has a hard enough time loading in the bigger bases not to mention the lag associated with the hub areas
hell just make a small wild west town. Also if they could add just some variety to space station interiors. cool. I am trying to give ideas that would cause to much disruption. Have each race have its own design. So at the very least have 3 space station interiors, which can have the same layout even. maybe different colors or tile or something
I think would be cool, nothing I would build but would be great seeing the hard work of others for sure!

I just want to be able to access my storage units on my buddies freighter since it won’t let two freighters be in same system...😒
That is from my favorite book as a kid. I still have it on the shelf. “Spacecraft 2000 to 2100 AD”

https://imgur.com/gallery/UhrqYrN
Bespin
I thought that was a mushroom cloud at first and thought "where are we going with this post?"
Maybe they could get their own specific biome type like the anomoulus planets except they would be called something like industrious or constructed planets, just not have them be on every planet though.
Hmm
No, not gonna live there. I just play the game to escape this. I need the space😂😂
Damn you just gave me an idea! Time to to to the creative mode.
Who else has extremely high, overly specifically, and complicated asks for the developers!
    I wouldnt say itd be that complicated based on what we've seen with npcs on space stations. Theyre walking around, comminicating (sort of). There have been planetary outposts for a very long time and i dont think itd be too hard to snap some planetary outposts and homes for maybe 2 dozen npcs and some shops together.
I
Maybe not giant cities, but towns and colonized areas of some viridescent or paradise worlds would be amazing to see. Ive always felt it was odd that there was so much alien life in the universe but only a handful of them lived planetside
Gigantic city: 4small rooms
I would love the possibility for a player designated capital city other than the Nexus where we could all come together and build our own city, build our houses or castles or whatever, possibly with a forum and large market place for us to come together and trade/barter our foundings, the ability for race tracks  for our exocraft or arenas for the minotaurs etc. 

And to get really wacky and far out, a zoo that we had the ability to fill with our strangest creatures we found out there! I dream big but if any came can potentially facilitate these dreams it's NMS.
I do! Thats why I am using my modded client (to circumvent building-restrictions and to be able to scale objects almost indefinetly. Yes, it is compatible for non-modded players, they just can't build it themselves.) to build a base in space near the center of Euclid. For now I just refer to it as "The Core" for lack of a better name and as it is litterally just a small core of what I have planned. Thanks to automatic farms I don't have to worry about ressources and such. Once I have got a bit more than just a few landing bays and walkways I will likely make a post here and add it to the wiki. Once the basic infrastructure and power-supply is done, I plan on "opening" "The Core" for other people to build their own structures and so on. Luckily, it is possible to share building rights with everyone and thanks to a bit of clever Base-range calculations (up to 20.000u in each direction with mods, but I will probably spilt it into "normal" base-ranges in order to not overload the 3000 pieces per base limit. \[after which the base can't be uploaded\]) such a base-complex can basically be infinitely large.

The only concerns I have are:

* Performance: Players with low-spec machines may have problems due to the high-performance req. that larger bases have. But if we don't overdo it, the game's engine will probably do just fine. My last "base-complex" consisted of \~6.000 pieces and the performance only dropped below 60 (to 45) when looking at the Bio-domes. So glass is the only real concern here. We may have to have "low-performance areas" without too much detail/glass.
* Power/ressources: As of now, bases can NOT share power NOR ressources, sadly. I have reached out to HG multiple times about this, but have not yet got any response. I am checking every change-log for it and are trying it again after every major update. Still not officially supported, thus a mod won't help. Luckily, there are many electro-mag. hotspots in space and solar-power works basically everywhere, it just needs a lot of batteries.
* "Area-restrictions". While it is possible to circumvent pretty much all base-building limits, there seems to be one thats is hard-coded into the engine: You can't have more than >5000 objects within \~400u. Objects like refineries have soft-coded limits like 2 large- and 3 small-refineries within \~100u per player. While I have not found it YET, there may be a way to get around these. They're not a big problem tough.

Btw, did you know that you can find energy/gas/ressource nodes randomly in space? Weird but very useful.

If you wan't to see what I have already done to my poor freighter using mods and config-changes, feel free to scroll a few hundres metres down on my profile.

Cheers!
I'll pass.  I'd rather see a deep, satisfying planet exploration system
I want civilized planet !
It to be super rare and only available in a completely new created rare system. That would be insane.
They could start by not making it fully explorable. Make empty models that exist on planets, but around the edges of them are starport sized hangers that have various amenities, and maybe an elevator to the surface.
Yes... this would be amazing. Imagine if you could match-make in those cities for ship and exocraft races 🤯
Good Lord. Imagine buying a derelict space station. So many options.
Wayyyy too much we gotta fix all the small things first maybe physics improvements like hitting a tree with a space ship gives feedback and the tree doesn’t immediately crumble.
Uhhhh I'm gonna go with 'everyone', chief
Any type of village would be cool, you can even get the planetary charts in order to find one, or just place a scanner via the Economy scanner, like the trading post scanner
That's a big tree house
Giant NPC cities, I've wanted this for years.
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
YES, this would open up so many more possibilities to the game, you could start off in a city but get your freedom as a traveller by doing different missions, there could be richer cities and poorer cities. there could even be abandoned cities. they could also make a abandoned cities that you stop at in the middle of warping so you would be in interstellar space.
Like the capital city for each civilization
Love this artwork!  There was a series of sci-fi art books back in the 1970's (maybe early 80's) by Steven Caldwell/Stewart Cowley.  Pretty sure I saw this image in one of those books.

As for incorporating something like this into NMS, could be interesting, if HG could solve the "sameness" problem currently plaguing their planets.
    I had one of them, my favorite scifi short stories comp ever!
Something like cloud city would be awesome
I'm pretty surprised that almost all alien life is limited to the trading posts in space and a few scattered outposts on planets. You'd think (especially in mining systems) they'd at least have a small settlement on the surface. I'd like to see that sometime
I've never understood why people want cities in this game tbh, it's just not what the game was ever about. You can play literally hundreds of open world games with cities in them.
For me that is really the biggest thing that i think is missing from NMS. They should create cities but not procedurally, specific system with cities for each races that at some point in the story you get address for and then a few hidden one with hints.
This would be a good way to do it procedurally tbh, having them raised up on a platform
Just like how there are some places that dont have space stations there should be some systems with giant cites like this and it coupd be a hub for players like the nexus, systems with cites should be seen from the galaxy map to let people know where they are
Yusssssss
Loved this book as a kid! The rest of the artwork in it was very NMS as well!

Edit: for those wondering its 'Spacebase 2000' by Stewart Cowley
The Idea in itself is awesome!

But on the practical side...NMS already has trouble enough rendering the terrain and whatever bases we build... a mega city like that would just tank the game.
We have been dreaming of this for a long time. But I don’t think it’s realistic, considering the CPU power required. But what would be a nice start is if they opened the fly-over area at the anomaly and put some shops and stores and meeting points there, where we could trade our ships and resources.
Join me! Together we can build one :D
I just want to colonize an entire planet
Pretty sure it's coming. The update that has you find anomalies in space seems to elude to civilization seed ships. So given how they've typically been with updates to the game so far I'd say that it's not too far fetched to assume that it's coming in the near future.
I would like to see cities of any size. Pre-made, Vy'Keen or Gek or Korvax (or mishmashed) populated, stores, repair shops, etc with PlayerCharacters waltzing around like yankees at a Turkish Bazaar. 

Kinda weird that these three colonizing races just stick 5 guys on a SS. No cities, no villages, just a building every 50 miles or so. Across the whole galaxy/several galaxies.
I just got the game and was like - so where is a city?... Apperently not in this galaxy
Wpuld be cool, byt the xbox has a hard enough time loading textures and placements as it is. Enabling huge buildings would probably burn out my One lol
No but I wish the stars actually gave off the proper lighting.
Yes literally. There is definitely enough people to build something like this and share it with the community. Then they would have no choice but to integrate.
I feel like where nms fails is the size of the galaxy. I played 100 hours on one character and only had one join my solar system once. As cool as it sounds to have a game the size of a galaxy the problem is even if you spread the population of earth to every star in the galaxy you would still be lonely.
Great concept art!
I want them to mash up no mans shy exploration with Satisfactory assembly line. Omggggg
I'd like to see some abandoned cities show up as procedurally-generated landscape options. Not on every planet, and not necessarily in every system, but maybe as a pursuable quest.

It seems logical to me that with several races kicking around the galaxy, at some point on a given planet there may have been cities that were later abandoned for whatever reason.

Could make them above ground or below ground (like the smaller ruins we see) or some of both, though maybe below-ground would be easier on the rendering engine?

Best part is, sort of like a derelict freighter, each abandoned city could have its own story of how it came to be that way, could have killer machines and hostile organic lifeforms to contend with, resources and treasure to find (and maybe a really high-powered exotic item to find, something above and beyond even what derelict freighters have because, after all, this is an entire \*city\* and much larger with more challenges). Maybe even allow one to build a player base somewhere in it after "solving" the mystery of the city's demise.

I just thing there's a ton of potential with this idea. It would also help make the planets looks more realistic (like the need for proper rivers and other terrain variation).
This would be cool and let's say you would be able to hire police to help stop crime in the city poor you could support the crime and hire mercenaries and thugs to try rob banks in other cities.
I was literally thinking this today. Some world's have big cities, some are destroyed and vacant, and some are just uninhabited.
Man i just want multiple bioms
I think that would be awesome
Guilds, clans or some sort of player factions would be cool. Either have spots where you can found a city and plot out structure, or purchase an old space station.

Hell, even being able to ally up with a team full of freighters would be cool.
It could be ruined cities, like the derelict freighters except you go around scanning billboards and collecting relics for cultural and historical data, trade them in at an archeology outpost near the entrance for language and lore rewards.
You can make them if you want
With the Origins megastructures, it wouldn't surprise me if at some point (probably for the next large update) we got procedurally generated settlements.
That would look cool, but you would still only be able to go into two buildings lol
I think it’s time for them to work on a sequel tbh. Take allll the things they’ve learned over the last several years and use it to build a game like that. Unf
This game has soooooo much potential
    Indeed every time i come back to it i just cant stop thinking wow this game has become the definitive sandbox game only rivaled by minecraft
    I love this comment! Totally agree :D
Ciiiiiitiiiiiezss pleeeease Seeeeeaaaaan. Lol. No for real cities. Even city planets like couruscant that would be awesome.

Hey even some procedurally generated towns and roads.
I want an open world game with the aesthetic and lore of no mans sky, but with more structure, and less procedural generation funk on most planets. Still space based, but just more focused on a finite space.
    So mass effect then?
Fucking yes! Imagine if you could have a portable Nexus/space anomaly that you could summon on the planet's surface as a giant city. That would be fucking amazing.
Procedural cities are easier to create than literal planets with oceans and different biomes. I'm sure they can make it. If not, at least variations of space stations...
 big cities would destroy the "exploring new and unknown planets" feeling imo.
    They dont have to be in every system. If anything having a city or significant ruins here and there would add to the exploration experience. Do you really think that, all of the planets being barren is more enjoyable to explore ?
Hell no not me /s
We can name it lag city. Or texture pop in paradise
Not this shit again
Literally actually everyone who plays no mans sky.
Pretty sure everyone..
Space stations as cities would be pretty interesting. Satellite cities might be cool too.
    Absolutely. I've seen the suggestion to take ownership of abandoned space stations and rebuild the economy. It would be really neat if we could customize them too. There's a lot of great builders in the community so great things are possible and maybe if they continue support onto next gen consoles some of the limitations could be removed and we can see and make truly huge, multiplayer settlements.
        You wanna see me throw what remains of my social life away?  Let me buy, staff and customize a space station.
            Dude how awesome would that be, especially if players could show up in it. You could walk around like some big hotshot billionaire just shooting the shit with them.
                Exactly!  Why bother exploring planets when we have MTV Cribs, space station edition?
        This would work as the space station would be all one giant nave mesh like it already is and then only individual decorations and lighting would weigh on the processing whereas 50+ ppl all building thousands of individualsl wooden wall nav meshes wouldn't even work on googles most powerful severs hah
            Alternatively it could be customisable inside, a bit like a freighter, but then still it's' single meshes for big rooms or areas.
            I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "nave mesh" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. A nave is the central part of a church and has nothing to do with a NavMesh.
                Probably shouldn't shame people for trying to understand and being wrong. It's different from being dishonest
                    No I'm shaming someone for trying to correct another person on a subject they know nothing about. Kind of like you correcting me when don't even grasp what I said.
                        Instead of correcting them, you put them down on a personal level. I'm sorry if you're having a difficult time, these are strange days.
                            Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
                                [removed]
                        He wasn't correcting anyone. Lmao the only one you've shamed is yourself and you should handle that in the old fashion Japanese way if you catch my drift. Also his Auto correct probably saw nav and was like wtf is this I'll fix that for you! Then your eyes crossed that and were like bully bully bully lmao what a clown go look good and hard in the mirror, it takes a while to grasp ugly.
                            Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
                                I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
                I know this is three months later, and you probably totally forgot about this, but you're totally not Cyber Bullying or as the other guy put it "Trolling" anyone, he's totally capping, and I agree that the other dude sounds like an idiot
        Yes. Please yes
        Exactly. Add some grind for a buff or a Sales Option.
Or simply get together outside of Nexus, in an non- PvP setting :)
        It's been forever since I've played. But abandoned space stations?!?!? When did those get added? I needa get back on!
            They've been a thing for a long time
Whenever you go to a system that has really fucked up planets like the ones that have glitches that you can pick up, those systems usually have a space station that's abandoned. The style inside is a little different And there are no people and it's kind of goopy but theres still a teleporter thing and a trade terminal
                Fun fact- the abandoned stations are in the pre-NEXT design.
        I'll contribute a box. That's about the extent in my abilities. A box or a really tall box.
        Or Like upgrade freighter into space station an can just summon your own space station an customiser like you can with freighter
        I've been hoping to take ownership of an abandoned station since they were introduced.
        I also wish we could do something with abandoned space stations. The station at one of my planet bases is abandoned and I wish I could take it over and customize it. Between that, my fleet, a base on the planet and moon, and the little "observation" post on the nearby haunted planet would just make a great little system colony imo.
    These are all great ideas! I wish freighters and space stations had more too them, seems like kind of a waste of space
        Freighters make me laugh. Storage slots 1/4 of my exo suit!!
            you can put synchronized storage containers in the build area
                Yes I know and have 10 but thanks. Still should be more storage in a thing that size. It has cargo holds on the outside as well.
            You're finding the wrong freighters then. Sure, combined our general and cargo slots in the exosuit definitely give more space. But those extra 30+ slots from a good freighter can really come in handy when moving high value merchandise like storm crystals or fossils.
                I'm thinking a thing that size could have more like 300 slots! I know you can have 10 of your own storage boxes but still seems a bit daft.
                    I get ya, I'd say it's primary purpose is just that it's a mobile base. Can be pretty convenient being able to have all that storage just up in the atmosphere when you're building a new base.
                        It should have as meny slots as cargo bays on the outside. But they should be 1000x bigger in max capacity per slot. 

The
                            That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
                        Yes but it's easy to just teleport to another base where you have storage units till you build them at your new base. Granted you dont always want 10 storage units in every base🙂
                    Only thing with that is it would be way op with the item teleporter you would never need to store stuff anywhere except your freighter ever again. Lol
                        But it would be realistic
                    I mean if we are going for realism, then there’s no reason we should be able to hold so much on our backs to begin with lol ￼
                        Same in many many games 🤣
                            Truth
    I need a fully explorable High Charity.
    This would probably be easier to implement
    As far as NPC cities, orbitals or stations would fit into the lore best. Anything massive on the surface would attract sentinels. Gek are annoyed by them, Vy'keen hate them, and even Korvax will still put out bounties to kill'em.  Make them closer to the Citadel from ME2 or 3; where you have a massive city-scape but a smaller dock or market district to actually render and interact with. That'd keep it manageable, and allow for procedural generation of storefronts, shops, and the spaces. The Anomaly is already like this, in a way, but static. Imagine the back drop of the Anomaly as the Citadel or any massive space city, with just as much traffic and NPCs, but in different configurations in different systems.

That's something I'd love to see.
    I posted about this a while back when the city request first came up. They could allow you visit other floors on a space station and they could use the same space station assets and have procedural layouts with different NPCs , no ships, maybe a unique shop/quest giver along with houses you can't go inside.
    And would fit into the lore...
Yeah, I love the idea, but I'm pretty sure it would absolutely kill my frame rate. Even me just visiting the Galactic Hub and viewing some of the cool/complex bases their really slowed my Xbox down.
    Technically making a city would take a lot less effort than a base or Nexus, since the NEXUS has to stay connected to dozens of other players in order to make multiplayer possible, and in a base each individual base building part has to be rendered separately. With cities, they would likely be programmed as one large asset, in which more and more detail is rendered the closer you get to them
        That's a good point. If they did choose that route, I wonder if  all the cities would technically look the same though? I think it would be cool to have them procedurally generated for individual uniqueness.
            If you want to only look at them from distance, then it should not be hard to implement. But if devs implement them only as glorified backgrounds then next thing players will ask is to visit these cities. And procedurally generate whole city is not a small task.
            Yeah they would probably be procedurally generated the same way terrain and large mountains are generated. Once you got close enough, the game would start to render individual shops and landing pads, the same way grass trees and animals come into view. NPCs could then be rendered walking around, each one with unique procedurally generated dialogue.
                The Galactic Hub is essentially [a community of NMS players that have gathered together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGBtobLIpik) in a specific region (well, "regions" because it's actually more complex than that) of the galaxy to share in-game content, base building, resources, documentation, tech, etc...

There's even a capital system where you'll often see some really unique and advanced base building from players. You can find out more about it on the [Hub's NMS wiki page](https://nomanssky.gamepedia.com/Galactic_Hub_Project)
    What is the galactic hub?
        It’s a basically a portion of Euclid (there’s ones for other galaxies but not as big) that is inhabited and discovered  by a large amount of players, you can frequently meet other people or find cool bases in that region.
            That’s awesome. I remember an ooooold interview where Sean said that it would be unlikely for two people to ever run into another and thinking “Gamers, uh... find a way”.  

Any incursion style community projects?
That's because it would have to load each piece that makes it up.. But if the developers had procedurally generated cities on random planets It would be loading them by building. I think it would work fine if they had em already made instead of a community built one. It would be nice to see planets with weather that makes sense also.. Like Tropical or Paradise planets having reg rain to go with the weather.. Instead of it going from 69 and breezy out to 143F because the planet just rains boiling water for some reason.
    Big cities could be doable, if HG only builds the exterior of these. Then have a door (or multiple doors or points of entry) where, if you go through, you are then sent to a separate instance showcasing the inner part of the city. Of course there would be no views of planet exteriors from the inside, but at least framerate would be safe. A bit like the Nexus I guess...

If implemented, I hope cities are not placed on every planet, only on a very minor percentage of them, or else they will not be special places to find at all.

On a side note, could also do with more variety of the existing Gek/VyKeen/Korvax structures already found on planets.
        They could have vendors all over and just NPCs to talk to also. Planets with Extreme Weather conditions could have domes over them with a big door that opens for your ship to enter with plenty of landing places. Also it would be absolutely nothing like the nexus...
            Yes I know. Not like the Nexus. Just saying it would be a separate entity from the rest of the planet so the framerate doesnt go to zero.
                I see
    But how do you know that weather is unrealistic for other planets if you never been to another planet irl except for earth? Just playing devils advocate cause really they could put whatever they want on planets, we have no idea wtf is out there and earth is only one of billions
        My guess is most trees no matter what can't be grown on a planet that is -194f. Also physics is a thing.. Rain just doesn't come in hot enough to boil you alive on a planet that has a reg temp of 69f They can't really just do whatever.. Since you know it should at least make some kind of sense. There's never a hot planet that has colder rain.. Which would make sense. But whatever... If they wanted to stick to something cool but realistic they could add planets like WASP-76b where it rains Iron.

Edit : Unless something is heating the rain to incredibly hot temps I just can't see how rain would naturally gain that kind of heat on a planet where the base temp is around 69F in the day.
You assume my PC runs this game at more than half a frame a second
    So seconds per frame at that point
Dumb question maybe, but is NMS p2p or dedicated servers?
    If you buy the game, that's it. No subscriptions or paid dlc or mtx.
        In this case p2p means peer to peer, not pay to play.
            Oh haha my bad. Woke up not so long ago so I misinterpreted the question.
I’ve kinda started to colonise a planet with a few friends and my twitch chat, it’s pretty cool so far 
If you’re interested just let me know :)
It would be cool if there were a couple space stations like the giant space hub from mass effect.
The assets are local.  The servers just store replications of object location and types.  It would not melt the servers but many players would be unable to run the area well.
Maybe. If Hello Games made a universe that was on a separate server then it could be possible. Once you’ve unlocked your glyphs or it could be a special teleporter at the anomaly you could get the there a be moved to a completely separate teleporter where we can have plots and we can even hold our own elections. A full and functioning city within the game. It would be dope as fuck in VR.
I feel like we need a ton more options and versatility to make a legit looking city instead of using things outside of their actual use just for their aesthetics
There are some "cities" but it's pretty much exactly as you described
Only reason that would happen is if people
Use the base building parts... if it was made by HG instead they could help with that issue
I think we should start going from system to system and do this for a random planet. It would have to be big so it would need to be an initiative from everyone who resides on New Lennon. We agree on a planet in a neighboring system and direct everyone to go there for a 2 week period and build bases in close proximity to one another. Once the 2 week period is up we agree on a planet in a neighboring system and do the same. Keep doing this until we all get tired of it. Week could have themes like : Air bases only, water bases only, Massive bases only, Monuments only, etc..) . That way as people approach New Lennon they will start running into these interesting sites resulting from this. Would be a cool experiment for the community.
Yeah I built three bases on a planet while my friend was working on base number two and we were causing so much lag it was impossible to continue building. We thought it would be possible but alas it was not
Im down. Im gonna have a tea shop and name it the Jasmine Dragon...
There's a limit of 3,000 parts per base, and that's more than enough to blue screen a console.
Simple gamer waiting for quantum servers that allow for a fully functional universe at our fingertips that lets us be god over a simulation of our own that we can upload into and put ourselves into the .001% that rules over us like stupid money mongering idiots that they are
Same! This one was done by Peter Elson, who's art was a major inspiration for the style of No Man's Sky
    Fooled me. I thought it[ was Chris Foss](https://www.chrisfossart.com/2012/02/galactic-alarm/) at first glance!
        Chris Foss also does some amazing work! I have one of his books and I absolutely love it!
            Yeah, I had this one when I was 20 or so years younger, not sure what ever happened to it...

https://www.amazon.com/21st-Century-Foss-Chris/dp/9063325711
                That looks super cool! Might try and track down a copy of one for sale :D
                    Take a look for "Spacecraft 2000" as well.  It has the original artwork from this thread as well as a bunch of others.
    I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars.A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others, it would not be fan service or such
    Oh thought it was from a mark twain book
    Genuine question: does he get any type of compensation for his work being the inspiration?
        Well, he died in 1998, but I doubt you generally compensate someone who inspires you anyway. Although if he were still alive I'm sure he'd at least get a thank you or something.
    [deleted]
        I'd seen this cover before as well, so went looking with Google image search.

Ended up here, where it has been on a number of book covers: [http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?1519663](http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?1519663)

The original artist is Angus McKie and he drew the cover art for a many of the books that I read in my youth :-D
            The picture is also in this book - Spacecraft 2000 to 2100 AD.
    The artwork in the OP is by Angus McKie - though Peter Elson does have a very similar style.
You might like r/RetroFuturism
    Cool! I already see a ton of awesome pics. Thanks!
    Also r/imaginarytechnology
In case you were wondering, I'm pretty sure it's called Retrofuturism/or Pulp Sci-Fi.
    Thank you!!
        Yeah no problem
I for one love my dancing jello buttplugs thank you very much!!!!!
    i never said i *hate* them... 😏
        Agreed! A variety of butt pluggery would be nice.
        O, my bad.
    I call them squonks.
        I call them hoppin' floppers.
Don't forget the beaver tailed mongoose bears or the floating  crab squids.
Yes! More variety please, not a freaking music making machine and giant robots
    I think that they could expand variety by having parts “morph” similar to how Spore handles it.
        EXACTLY! I though I was the only one who had thought of this, having the algorithm morph the individual assets to get more variety out of them
            The problem with that idea is that it's exactly how it works currently (for Fauna), and taht there are only a limited base forms you can use that makes sense visually. Spore doesn't really have more variety than NMS for land- or air-based creatures. As far as I can tell, NMS doesn't modify water creatures at all sadly.

Additionally, If they were adding assets (and I'm not so sure they don't add new ones from time to time)  you wouldn't automatically notice it, because they would be combined with old ones you already know. It would be "oh .. .a hopping mushroom with tentacle legs. Funny ... this one has crab eyes. Never seen that  yet ... but yeah ... hopping mushroom ... I wish there were more assets"

Not that they couldn't add stuff (slithering creatures, more aquatic create variety), but it wouldn't be a visual revolution no matter what they do I'm afraid, and most people wouldn't even notice it.
        How about, they make a deal with spores creator, and install every single animal ever created in that game, into this game.
            so. much. penis.
        That's..  how it was supposed to work.
    And a *complicated* music making machine.
    i mean those are pretty cool ngl
You mean the plumbis?
I’ve never heard these two said before but I literally saw them in my head when I read your comment
I feel like changing their plant "formula" is more important for planets looking different.
Or the fact in every body of water there are 2 types of fish, a shoal of jellyfish and a crab thing.
I think that would be pretty hard given the lore of the game.
Sensible post is sensible.
    Getting some Cinema Sins vibes here lol
Yeah I'd rather have them optimize the performance, and fiddle around with the rng, maybe squash some more bugs.
I agree with this.
Finally. 


They can't just keep updating this game for free forever.
Tower defense in nms, it could work
This could be a variation of planetary cities, while the non destroyed cities are either in space or on sentinel sparse areas.
    I was thinking that cities like my concept would fit more with the lore, given that the Sentinels try to destroy all planetary cities, but I also think that a variation of space station with a contained environment and city would be cool as well.
Yes! This!
Read so many years ago, recognized immediately...great if they were in the game the same way, unapproachable and mysterious.
    Perhaps if you got too close they'd fly away
I have that book, as well!
So do I :D
I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others
Yep
Which book is that? Do you recommend it. Just seen this series for the first time.
The lore was added afterwards to justify a lot of the game's decisions lol
    Exactly! They could change the lore as part of a new update, or they could add to it, saying that the cities were destroyed by sentinels thousands of years ago, and since then the 3 races have rebuilt their grand cities
wait, there's lore that goes deeper than "Alien see space, alien make tech, alien go to space, now aliens are in space"

(Yes, I haven't been paying attention to the main storyline, how could you tell?)
The lore isn't exactly concrete in this game. they could change it pretty easily and it wouldn't be that much of a big deal, they've changed the story in the past.
SPOILERS! Also if that was the case why don't we see city ruins everywhere?
    We do, though. That's what all the Ancient Ruins are. I figure we just see the uppermost areas and the rest is buried.
        Those are hardly cities, more like ancient castles
            Almost like they are ancient ruins or something.
                I think you're missing the distinction OP is trying to make between a city and a castle
                    A castle is an ancient city.
                        No a city is a civilization, the castles in the game could hardly house more than 15 people. Perhaps a group of castles and ruins together could be considered a small city, but certainly not one lone building
They could always have a new addition where there's systems with no sentinels where cities (and piracy) have begun to rebuild in earnest.
Even if its just ruins of the destroyed cities, it will be fun to explore.
They should let ppl blueprint bases in portions so you could easily rebuild it like in fo76(accept less buggy lol)
Even if it were possible, it's a different game.

If we got cities, someone would want traffic, someone else would want jobs, someone else would want cafés, bars, restaurants, supermarkets, cinemas, etc.

No Man's Sky isn't The Sims, or GTA, or whatever. Bases weren't part of the original plan because they worked against exploration. If a city _was_ done properly you'd be even less inclined to explore. If it _wasn't_ done properly we'd get either a drip feed of minor improvements of that aspect, or just abandoning it. No matter what, it's contrary to the core of the game.
    But that's the beauty of it. Whether you like the Cities, the Base Building, the combat (derelict freighters), the exploration, anything, there's something in it for everyone.
    I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others.
        I get what you mean. Features to distinguish between male and female npc's. Not sure about korvax though, considering they probably don't have genders due to being robots.
            Yeah. Hence why I said maybe a new type of traveler or anomaly, in addition to the ones that already exist. Not so much about making changes to any of the three main races.
Never say something is impossible.
They could be on planets that don't have Sentinels. They could make the Sentinels sometimes attack with their ships and add turrets/other ships to the city to shoot them down.
Make a No Man’s Sky next gen rerelease to secure funds, at least half of us here would buy it!
    Dunno. I've learned not to trust their pre-release hype. I wouldn't buy it until I knew all current features were still there.
    Still not sure they'd make a profit. And just like any other company you shouldn't embark unpo an expensive endeavour if the likelyhood of success is essentially nil.

Love to see it happen though.
        Current gen and next gen games run on the same architecture so it wouldn’t be that hard to rerelease the game, the only hard part would be upgrading it enough to warrant another purchase for loyal fans
Yeah, but they'd just be for shows. No meaningful interaction with the NPCs, no traffic, no semblance of life.
[deleted]
    I’m with you.
    See, that's why I want it.

I want them huge and empty. There's a load of lore stuff about the sentinels just arbitrarily turning up and wiping out planets. Itd be pretty cool to be able to stumble across the outcome of one of those. No life beyond maybe one or two archaeology tents with one of the four races present as a little scouting group, otherwise just you, a creepy abandoned city, and maybe some nice loot in the middle.
        [deleted]
            True, but I feel like the only city we need for the style of NMS we already have in the form of the Nexus. 

Something I'd love to see, especially in abandoned systems, would be crashed stations on the planet's surface. Maybe being able to loot them for bigtime rewards would be awesome.
    I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others, it would not be fan service or such .
The problem with making a giant city is you have to fill it with something, of course. And filling it with something satisfying would be hard. You could make it a giant jumbled mess of empty procedurally generated buildings, but what's interesting about that? You could fill it with resources and sentinels and maybe a few random interest points, but then it's just a weird biome essentially. Giant cities could be great, but seem really hard to do in a satisfying way.
    That's my issue with it: making it matter.
    Have it filled with procedurally generated shops and stuff like the insides of space stations. Places where you can buy new exocrafts and ships, recruit new workers for your base, and maybe get jobs where you could go on missions. Thousands of NPCS could walk around these cities, each with there own procedurally generated dialogue and stories. There might be trade shops where you could exchange resources or invest in the stalk market! Our imagination is the only limit as to what these cites could be filled with :D
        That sounds like a whole ass game you're proposing here.
        What you're proposing is probably impossible within the scope of the games engine. Not saying its not a fantastic pipe dream, but never remotely going to happen within NMS.
        Then everyone would just fly strait to a city and stop planet hopping. You would just dial in the best cities and then 99% of the game would be wasted. This is horrible. Player hubs/apartments with minimal shops is a better idea though i think the best idea would be small towns for friend groups to all chill at and built and work towards securing good merchants like terreria
            I disagree, I think that different players would do different things. I'm still an explorer by heart, and nothing could stop me from discovering new planets. Cities would only make the planets feel more alive and real, making me want to explore them even more!
:D
Not me, at all. I've been railing against cities for years.
I very much agree with this. What we currently have in NMS is to little, and is exactly the same in each system
This.
Nearly every system is populated. There very little that's "lonely" in this game.
    Lonely doesn't mean there is no one else in the universe.  You exist by yourself, a lone traveler in a vast, sparsely populated, unfamiliar universe, unsure of even who you are or why you are there.
Hello games themselves do not seem to care about changing style when it comes to making new updates. I mean, recently hello games implemented abandoned freighters, and if you told me a year ago they were going to add dungeons I would be surprised. 

This is just a possible future for no mans sky, but it might not fit the game we currently have now. Probably too intense compared to the planets we currently have. 

Personally, I think I much prefer a game that transitions between multiple different atmospheres to create story-like experiences.

This is a sandbox game, maybe it will be something like dwarf fortress or something in the future, who knows. Hello games just seem to add whatever they feel like.
    This is true.  Maybe trying to bring back old civilizations could be part of "phase two" of the NMS story.  Here is an old article I found in which Sean Murray and the author emphasize the "cosmic loneliness" aspect of NMS.  I think it's supposed to resemble some of the classic sci-fi of the mid-1900s.

https://www.tweaktown.com/news/62873/mans-sky-always-cosmic-loneliness/index.html
Cities would have to be extremely rare. In fact, a lot of things should be rarer than what they currently are. Lush planets are not special often you find two or three in the same system...
    True, lush planets are pretty easy to find.  Although, I don't think lush planets are as great as some people do.  I'd prefer to live in a desert or snowy planet or some place that is not Earth-like.
Personally I disagree. I think it would add to the vastness of the game. Notice how incredibly far away those giant cities are. The distance itself gives a very strong feeling of being impossibly far away. Also look how small the people are in the lower left corner. It truly adds to the vastness and loneliness we feel when looking at a painting like this
    I'm not judging the painting.  I'm just saying I don't think it fits with NMS if there are established cities with like a civilization to interact with.  Maybe some small, wild west type towns but nothing huge.  Right now, the "minor settlements" are hardly settlements at all.
        Yeah there could be bigger setlements (between 7 to 10 structures). Sometimes they could have an exocraft bay. Sometimes a bar type place. An average of 8 NPCs.
        theres so much to the game that the people who “want more” havent found yet.
They would have to draw the exterior of the city, with a point of entry somewhere, which if used, loads the inside of the city in a separate instance or place, without competing with planet render.
I think they just want to add more content to the game. The exploration aspect of it gets pretty boring once you've discovered all of types of planets. Cities and other structures may add some more flavour.
    the space anomaly is technically already a city... what else could you possibly add without some total conversion?
Id like a game with an endgame though
    nms doesn't really have an endgame though
        True... It does get me about 80 hours on one playthrough though
so does this guy [👈](https://www.reddit.com/u/Cheddre/)
    This guy also
        Also this guy :D
Peter Elson, his art is in fact what inspired this game :D
Angus McKie
Pulp magazines. Mostly from the 50's, 60, 70's. They had all kinds of titles like "Amazing Stories" or "Weird Tales". Blam - here's a free archive:

https://archive.org/details/pulpmagazinearchive?sort=titleSorter

Another good one from the 70's/80's is called "Heavy Metal".
    holy heck that is amazing, im sure its gonna be in there. Would you happen to know the names of some sci-fi stuff from that Era? There is a specific collection I'm thinking of, I mainly remember the art, futuristic cities, aircraft. 

Thanks for the link!!
        My pleasure. You can sort by sci fi and by decade. Try the 50's. Weird Tales has some great covers.
            Thats what I'll do, thanks! I will definitely check out your recommendations as well, they look pretty interesting. I can see how someone could spend many hours on this site haha... thanks!
                Yeah, it's a rabbit hole for sure. Lol.
How is that? If you travel to 200 planets and find one unknown city. How would that not make sense ? If anything, having an interesting city or ruins of a city here and there troughout the universe, would make the exploration more exciting. Honestly, exploring gets real boring, real quick in the current empty universe.
    I agree with you. I would like some interesting places to visit besides a boring ruin. What I wanted to say is that, like the name of the game says, this game is an exploration of a no man’s sky. I hope Murray will understand that not everyone like to spend hours and hours to see flat planets and strange creatures. I would like to see some aspects of Star Citizen in Nms(I know star citizen is more a simulation then a game, it was the first game came to my mind)
Honestly, the game is made in such a way, that even powerful PCs struggle to load textures of large bases, and have FPS drops.
    Sadly yes. It makes me very sad, that with a PC which is able to run the newest Metro at 60 fps 2k has still fps drops and lag spikes when flying on planets. The pop-ins and lag spikes are a major mood killer for me and made me drop the game everytime.
        I saw some videos showing that there was more vegetation on planets. Ticker better looking grass, but it was hurting FPS on slower machines, so they changed it. Now when you move fast there is no grass at all, and when you stop moving the grass and stuff starts loading. Definetly a mood killer and one of the many reasons i don't play anymore.
Because its by Angus McKie, mid-70's
    Ah, that explains it.
Idk, the game feels empty now. Theres not even proper ruins of different civilizations in the whole universe.
[removed]
    Haha, yeah I can sympathize. Any heavy grind turns me off at this point in my life. I want action and intrigue not an endless rock collector sim. 

(NMS has come a long way and has lots to enjoy, but it takes a real die hard to log hundreds of hours going thru the same motions over and over)
I wouldnt say itd be that complicated based on what we've seen with npcs on space stations. Theyre walking around, comminicating (sort of). There have been planetary outposts for a very long time and i dont think itd be too hard to snap some planetary outposts and homes for maybe 2 dozen npcs and some shops together.
I had one of them, my favorite scifi short stories comp ever!
Indeed every time i come back to it i just cant stop thinking wow this game has become the definitive sandbox game only rivaled by minecraft
I love this comment! Totally agree :D
So mass effect then?
They dont have to be in every system. If anything having a city or significant ruins here and there would add to the exploration experience. Do you really think that, all of the planets being barren is more enjoyable to explore ?
Absolutely. I've seen the suggestion to take ownership of abandoned space stations and rebuild the economy. It would be really neat if we could customize them too. There's a lot of great builders in the community so great things are possible and maybe if they continue support onto next gen consoles some of the limitations could be removed and we can see and make truly huge, multiplayer settlements.
    You wanna see me throw what remains of my social life away?  Let me buy, staff and customize a space station.
        Dude how awesome would that be, especially if players could show up in it. You could walk around like some big hotshot billionaire just shooting the shit with them.
            Exactly!  Why bother exploring planets when we have MTV Cribs, space station edition?
    This would work as the space station would be all one giant nave mesh like it already is and then only individual decorations and lighting would weigh on the processing whereas 50+ ppl all building thousands of individualsl wooden wall nav meshes wouldn't even work on googles most powerful severs hah
        Alternatively it could be customisable inside, a bit like a freighter, but then still it's' single meshes for big rooms or areas.
        I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "nave mesh" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. A nave is the central part of a church and has nothing to do with a NavMesh.
            Probably shouldn't shame people for trying to understand and being wrong. It's different from being dishonest
                No I'm shaming someone for trying to correct another person on a subject they know nothing about. Kind of like you correcting me when don't even grasp what I said.
                    Instead of correcting them, you put them down on a personal level. I'm sorry if you're having a difficult time, these are strange days.
                        Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
                            [removed]
                    He wasn't correcting anyone. Lmao the only one you've shamed is yourself and you should handle that in the old fashion Japanese way if you catch my drift. Also his Auto correct probably saw nav and was like wtf is this I'll fix that for you! Then your eyes crossed that and were like bully bully bully lmao what a clown go look good and hard in the mirror, it takes a while to grasp ugly.
                        Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
                            I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
            I know this is three months later, and you probably totally forgot about this, but you're totally not Cyber Bullying or as the other guy put it "Trolling" anyone, he's totally capping, and I agree that the other dude sounds like an idiot
    Yes. Please yes
    Exactly. Add some grind for a buff or a Sales Option.
Or simply get together outside of Nexus, in an non- PvP setting :)
    It's been forever since I've played. But abandoned space stations?!?!? When did those get added? I needa get back on!
        They've been a thing for a long time
Whenever you go to a system that has really fucked up planets like the ones that have glitches that you can pick up, those systems usually have a space station that's abandoned. The style inside is a little different And there are no people and it's kind of goopy but theres still a teleporter thing and a trade terminal
            Fun fact- the abandoned stations are in the pre-NEXT design.
    I'll contribute a box. That's about the extent in my abilities. A box or a really tall box.
    Or Like upgrade freighter into space station an can just summon your own space station an customiser like you can with freighter
    I've been hoping to take ownership of an abandoned station since they were introduced.
    I also wish we could do something with abandoned space stations. The station at one of my planet bases is abandoned and I wish I could take it over and customize it. Between that, my fleet, a base on the planet and moon, and the little "observation" post on the nearby haunted planet would just make a great little system colony imo.
These are all great ideas! I wish freighters and space stations had more too them, seems like kind of a waste of space
    Freighters make me laugh. Storage slots 1/4 of my exo suit!!
        you can put synchronized storage containers in the build area
            Yes I know and have 10 but thanks. Still should be more storage in a thing that size. It has cargo holds on the outside as well.
        You're finding the wrong freighters then. Sure, combined our general and cargo slots in the exosuit definitely give more space. But those extra 30+ slots from a good freighter can really come in handy when moving high value merchandise like storm crystals or fossils.
            I'm thinking a thing that size could have more like 300 slots! I know you can have 10 of your own storage boxes but still seems a bit daft.
                I get ya, I'd say it's primary purpose is just that it's a mobile base. Can be pretty convenient being able to have all that storage just up in the atmosphere when you're building a new base.
                    It should have as meny slots as cargo bays on the outside. But they should be 1000x bigger in max capacity per slot. 

The
                        That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
                    Yes but it's easy to just teleport to another base where you have storage units till you build them at your new base. Granted you dont always want 10 storage units in every base🙂
                Only thing with that is it would be way op with the item teleporter you would never need to store stuff anywhere except your freighter ever again. Lol
                    But it would be realistic
                I mean if we are going for realism, then there’s no reason we should be able to hold so much on our backs to begin with lol ￼
                    Same in many many games 🤣
                        Truth
I need a fully explorable High Charity.
This would probably be easier to implement
As far as NPC cities, orbitals or stations would fit into the lore best. Anything massive on the surface would attract sentinels. Gek are annoyed by them, Vy'keen hate them, and even Korvax will still put out bounties to kill'em.  Make them closer to the Citadel from ME2 or 3; where you have a massive city-scape but a smaller dock or market district to actually render and interact with. That'd keep it manageable, and allow for procedural generation of storefronts, shops, and the spaces. The Anomaly is already like this, in a way, but static. Imagine the back drop of the Anomaly as the Citadel or any massive space city, with just as much traffic and NPCs, but in different configurations in different systems.

That's something I'd love to see.
I posted about this a while back when the city request first came up. They could allow you visit other floors on a space station and they could use the same space station assets and have procedural layouts with different NPCs , no ships, maybe a unique shop/quest giver along with houses you can't go inside.
And would fit into the lore...
Technically making a city would take a lot less effort than a base or Nexus, since the NEXUS has to stay connected to dozens of other players in order to make multiplayer possible, and in a base each individual base building part has to be rendered separately. With cities, they would likely be programmed as one large asset, in which more and more detail is rendered the closer you get to them
    That's a good point. If they did choose that route, I wonder if  all the cities would technically look the same though? I think it would be cool to have them procedurally generated for individual uniqueness.
        If you want to only look at them from distance, then it should not be hard to implement. But if devs implement them only as glorified backgrounds then next thing players will ask is to visit these cities. And procedurally generate whole city is not a small task.
        Yeah they would probably be procedurally generated the same way terrain and large mountains are generated. Once you got close enough, the game would start to render individual shops and landing pads, the same way grass trees and animals come into view. NPCs could then be rendered walking around, each one with unique procedurally generated dialogue.
            The Galactic Hub is essentially [a community of NMS players that have gathered together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGBtobLIpik) in a specific region (well, "regions" because it's actually more complex than that) of the galaxy to share in-game content, base building, resources, documentation, tech, etc...

There's even a capital system where you'll often see some really unique and advanced base building from players. You can find out more about it on the [Hub's NMS wiki page](https://nomanssky.gamepedia.com/Galactic_Hub_Project)
What is the galactic hub?
    It’s a basically a portion of Euclid (there’s ones for other galaxies but not as big) that is inhabited and discovered  by a large amount of players, you can frequently meet other people or find cool bases in that region.
        That’s awesome. I remember an ooooold interview where Sean said that it would be unlikely for two people to ever run into another and thinking “Gamers, uh... find a way”.  

Any incursion style community projects?
Big cities could be doable, if HG only builds the exterior of these. Then have a door (or multiple doors or points of entry) where, if you go through, you are then sent to a separate instance showcasing the inner part of the city. Of course there would be no views of planet exteriors from the inside, but at least framerate would be safe. A bit like the Nexus I guess...

If implemented, I hope cities are not placed on every planet, only on a very minor percentage of them, or else they will not be special places to find at all.

On a side note, could also do with more variety of the existing Gek/VyKeen/Korvax structures already found on planets.
    They could have vendors all over and just NPCs to talk to also. Planets with Extreme Weather conditions could have domes over them with a big door that opens for your ship to enter with plenty of landing places. Also it would be absolutely nothing like the nexus...
        Yes I know. Not like the Nexus. Just saying it would be a separate entity from the rest of the planet so the framerate doesnt go to zero.
            I see
But how do you know that weather is unrealistic for other planets if you never been to another planet irl except for earth? Just playing devils advocate cause really they could put whatever they want on planets, we have no idea wtf is out there and earth is only one of billions
    My guess is most trees no matter what can't be grown on a planet that is -194f. Also physics is a thing.. Rain just doesn't come in hot enough to boil you alive on a planet that has a reg temp of 69f They can't really just do whatever.. Since you know it should at least make some kind of sense. There's never a hot planet that has colder rain.. Which would make sense. But whatever... If they wanted to stick to something cool but realistic they could add planets like WASP-76b where it rains Iron.

Edit : Unless something is heating the rain to incredibly hot temps I just can't see how rain would naturally gain that kind of heat on a planet where the base temp is around 69F in the day.
So seconds per frame at that point
If you buy the game, that's it. No subscriptions or paid dlc or mtx.
    In this case p2p means peer to peer, not pay to play.
        Oh haha my bad. Woke up not so long ago so I misinterpreted the question.
Fooled me. I thought it[ was Chris Foss](https://www.chrisfossart.com/2012/02/galactic-alarm/) at first glance!
    Chris Foss also does some amazing work! I have one of his books and I absolutely love it!
        Yeah, I had this one when I was 20 or so years younger, not sure what ever happened to it...

https://www.amazon.com/21st-Century-Foss-Chris/dp/9063325711
            That looks super cool! Might try and track down a copy of one for sale :D
                Take a look for "Spacecraft 2000" as well.  It has the original artwork from this thread as well as a bunch of others.
I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars.A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others, it would not be fan service or such
Oh thought it was from a mark twain book
Genuine question: does he get any type of compensation for his work being the inspiration?
    Well, he died in 1998, but I doubt you generally compensate someone who inspires you anyway. Although if he were still alive I'm sure he'd at least get a thank you or something.
[deleted]
    I'd seen this cover before as well, so went looking with Google image search.

Ended up here, where it has been on a number of book covers: [http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?1519663](http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?1519663)

The original artist is Angus McKie and he drew the cover art for a many of the books that I read in my youth :-D
        The picture is also in this book - Spacecraft 2000 to 2100 AD.
The artwork in the OP is by Angus McKie - though Peter Elson does have a very similar style.
Cool! I already see a ton of awesome pics. Thanks!
Also r/imaginarytechnology
Thank you!!
    Yeah no problem
i never said i *hate* them... 😏
    Agreed! A variety of butt pluggery would be nice.
    O, my bad.
I call them squonks.
    I call them hoppin' floppers.
I think that they could expand variety by having parts “morph” similar to how Spore handles it.
    EXACTLY! I though I was the only one who had thought of this, having the algorithm morph the individual assets to get more variety out of them
        The problem with that idea is that it's exactly how it works currently (for Fauna), and taht there are only a limited base forms you can use that makes sense visually. Spore doesn't really have more variety than NMS for land- or air-based creatures. As far as I can tell, NMS doesn't modify water creatures at all sadly.

Additionally, If they were adding assets (and I'm not so sure they don't add new ones from time to time)  you wouldn't automatically notice it, because they would be combined with old ones you already know. It would be "oh .. .a hopping mushroom with tentacle legs. Funny ... this one has crab eyes. Never seen that  yet ... but yeah ... hopping mushroom ... I wish there were more assets"

Not that they couldn't add stuff (slithering creatures, more aquatic create variety), but it wouldn't be a visual revolution no matter what they do I'm afraid, and most people wouldn't even notice it.
    How about, they make a deal with spores creator, and install every single animal ever created in that game, into this game.
        so. much. penis.
    That's..  how it was supposed to work.
And a *complicated* music making machine.
i mean those are pretty cool ngl
Getting some Cinema Sins vibes here lol
I was thinking that cities like my concept would fit more with the lore, given that the Sentinels try to destroy all planetary cities, but I also think that a variation of space station with a contained environment and city would be cool as well.
Perhaps if you got too close they'd fly away
Exactly! They could change the lore as part of a new update, or they could add to it, saying that the cities were destroyed by sentinels thousands of years ago, and since then the 3 races have rebuilt their grand cities
We do, though. That's what all the Ancient Ruins are. I figure we just see the uppermost areas and the rest is buried.
    Those are hardly cities, more like ancient castles
        Almost like they are ancient ruins or something.
            I think you're missing the distinction OP is trying to make between a city and a castle
                A castle is an ancient city.
                    No a city is a civilization, the castles in the game could hardly house more than 15 people. Perhaps a group of castles and ruins together could be considered a small city, but certainly not one lone building
But that's the beauty of it. Whether you like the Cities, the Base Building, the combat (derelict freighters), the exploration, anything, there's something in it for everyone.
I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others.
    I get what you mean. Features to distinguish between male and female npc's. Not sure about korvax though, considering they probably don't have genders due to being robots.
        Yeah. Hence why I said maybe a new type of traveler or anomaly, in addition to the ones that already exist. Not so much about making changes to any of the three main races.
Dunno. I've learned not to trust their pre-release hype. I wouldn't buy it until I knew all current features were still there.
Still not sure they'd make a profit. And just like any other company you shouldn't embark unpo an expensive endeavour if the likelyhood of success is essentially nil.

Love to see it happen though.
    Current gen and next gen games run on the same architecture so it wouldn’t be that hard to rerelease the game, the only hard part would be upgrading it enough to warrant another purchase for loyal fans
I’m with you.
See, that's why I want it.

I want them huge and empty. There's a load of lore stuff about the sentinels just arbitrarily turning up and wiping out planets. Itd be pretty cool to be able to stumble across the outcome of one of those. No life beyond maybe one or two archaeology tents with one of the four races present as a little scouting group, otherwise just you, a creepy abandoned city, and maybe some nice loot in the middle.
    [deleted]
        True, but I feel like the only city we need for the style of NMS we already have in the form of the Nexus. 

Something I'd love to see, especially in abandoned systems, would be crashed stations on the planet's surface. Maybe being able to loot them for bigtime rewards would be awesome.
I'd like to see female NPCs.  I mean, they probably are there. But I mean, with more human like features. Not human! But a bit more like, I dont know, Pau Zotoh Zhaan from Farscape or like Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars. A new type of traveler or anomaly, I guess. Maybe less frequent than the others, it would not be fan service or such .
That's my issue with it: making it matter.
Have it filled with procedurally generated shops and stuff like the insides of space stations. Places where you can buy new exocrafts and ships, recruit new workers for your base, and maybe get jobs where you could go on missions. Thousands of NPCS could walk around these cities, each with there own procedurally generated dialogue and stories. There might be trade shops where you could exchange resources or invest in the stalk market! Our imagination is the only limit as to what these cites could be filled with :D
    That sounds like a whole ass game you're proposing here.
    What you're proposing is probably impossible within the scope of the games engine. Not saying its not a fantastic pipe dream, but never remotely going to happen within NMS.
    Then everyone would just fly strait to a city and stop planet hopping. You would just dial in the best cities and then 99% of the game would be wasted. This is horrible. Player hubs/apartments with minimal shops is a better idea though i think the best idea would be small towns for friend groups to all chill at and built and work towards securing good merchants like terreria
        I disagree, I think that different players would do different things. I'm still an explorer by heart, and nothing could stop me from discovering new planets. Cities would only make the planets feel more alive and real, making me want to explore them even more!
Lonely doesn't mean there is no one else in the universe.  You exist by yourself, a lone traveler in a vast, sparsely populated, unfamiliar universe, unsure of even who you are or why you are there.
This is true.  Maybe trying to bring back old civilizations could be part of "phase two" of the NMS story.  Here is an old article I found in which Sean Murray and the author emphasize the "cosmic loneliness" aspect of NMS.  I think it's supposed to resemble some of the classic sci-fi of the mid-1900s.

https://www.tweaktown.com/news/62873/mans-sky-always-cosmic-loneliness/index.html
True, lush planets are pretty easy to find.  Although, I don't think lush planets are as great as some people do.  I'd prefer to live in a desert or snowy planet or some place that is not Earth-like.
I'm not judging the painting.  I'm just saying I don't think it fits with NMS if there are established cities with like a civilization to interact with.  Maybe some small, wild west type towns but nothing huge.  Right now, the "minor settlements" are hardly settlements at all.
    Yeah there could be bigger setlements (between 7 to 10 structures). Sometimes they could have an exocraft bay. Sometimes a bar type place. An average of 8 NPCs.
    theres so much to the game that the people who “want more” havent found yet.
the space anomaly is technically already a city... what else could you possibly add without some total conversion?
nms doesn't really have an endgame though
    True... It does get me about 80 hours on one playthrough though
This guy also
    Also this guy :D
holy heck that is amazing, im sure its gonna be in there. Would you happen to know the names of some sci-fi stuff from that Era? There is a specific collection I'm thinking of, I mainly remember the art, futuristic cities, aircraft. 

Thanks for the link!!
    My pleasure. You can sort by sci fi and by decade. Try the 50's. Weird Tales has some great covers.
        Thats what I'll do, thanks! I will definitely check out your recommendations as well, they look pretty interesting. I can see how someone could spend many hours on this site haha... thanks!
            Yeah, it's a rabbit hole for sure. Lol.
I agree with you. I would like some interesting places to visit besides a boring ruin. What I wanted to say is that, like the name of the game says, this game is an exploration of a no man’s sky. I hope Murray will understand that not everyone like to spend hours and hours to see flat planets and strange creatures. I would like to see some aspects of Star Citizen in Nms(I know star citizen is more a simulation then a game, it was the first game came to my mind)
Sadly yes. It makes me very sad, that with a PC which is able to run the newest Metro at 60 fps 2k has still fps drops and lag spikes when flying on planets. The pop-ins and lag spikes are a major mood killer for me and made me drop the game everytime.
    I saw some videos showing that there was more vegetation on planets. Ticker better looking grass, but it was hurting FPS on slower machines, so they changed it. Now when you move fast there is no grass at all, and when you stop moving the grass and stuff starts loading. Definetly a mood killer and one of the many reasons i don't play anymore.
Ah, that explains it.
Haha, yeah I can sympathize. Any heavy grind turns me off at this point in my life. I want action and intrigue not an endless rock collector sim. 

(NMS has come a long way and has lots to enjoy, but it takes a real die hard to log hundreds of hours going thru the same motions over and over)
You wanna see me throw what remains of my social life away?  Let me buy, staff and customize a space station.
    Dude how awesome would that be, especially if players could show up in it. You could walk around like some big hotshot billionaire just shooting the shit with them.
        Exactly!  Why bother exploring planets when we have MTV Cribs, space station edition?
This would work as the space station would be all one giant nave mesh like it already is and then only individual decorations and lighting would weigh on the processing whereas 50+ ppl all building thousands of individualsl wooden wall nav meshes wouldn't even work on googles most powerful severs hah
    Alternatively it could be customisable inside, a bit like a freighter, but then still it's' single meshes for big rooms or areas.
    I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "nave mesh" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. A nave is the central part of a church and has nothing to do with a NavMesh.
        Probably shouldn't shame people for trying to understand and being wrong. It's different from being dishonest
            No I'm shaming someone for trying to correct another person on a subject they know nothing about. Kind of like you correcting me when don't even grasp what I said.
                Instead of correcting them, you put them down on a personal level. I'm sorry if you're having a difficult time, these are strange days.
                    Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
                        [removed]
                He wasn't correcting anyone. Lmao the only one you've shamed is yourself and you should handle that in the old fashion Japanese way if you catch my drift. Also his Auto correct probably saw nav and was like wtf is this I'll fix that for you! Then your eyes crossed that and were like bully bully bully lmao what a clown go look good and hard in the mirror, it takes a while to grasp ugly.
                    Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
                        I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
        I know this is three months later, and you probably totally forgot about this, but you're totally not Cyber Bullying or as the other guy put it "Trolling" anyone, he's totally capping, and I agree that the other dude sounds like an idiot
Yes. Please yes
Exactly. Add some grind for a buff or a Sales Option.
Or simply get together outside of Nexus, in an non- PvP setting :)
It's been forever since I've played. But abandoned space stations?!?!? When did those get added? I needa get back on!
    They've been a thing for a long time
Whenever you go to a system that has really fucked up planets like the ones that have glitches that you can pick up, those systems usually have a space station that's abandoned. The style inside is a little different And there are no people and it's kind of goopy but theres still a teleporter thing and a trade terminal
        Fun fact- the abandoned stations are in the pre-NEXT design.
I'll contribute a box. That's about the extent in my abilities. A box or a really tall box.
Or Like upgrade freighter into space station an can just summon your own space station an customiser like you can with freighter
I've been hoping to take ownership of an abandoned station since they were introduced.
I also wish we could do something with abandoned space stations. The station at one of my planet bases is abandoned and I wish I could take it over and customize it. Between that, my fleet, a base on the planet and moon, and the little "observation" post on the nearby haunted planet would just make a great little system colony imo.
Freighters make me laugh. Storage slots 1/4 of my exo suit!!
    you can put synchronized storage containers in the build area
        Yes I know and have 10 but thanks. Still should be more storage in a thing that size. It has cargo holds on the outside as well.
    You're finding the wrong freighters then. Sure, combined our general and cargo slots in the exosuit definitely give more space. But those extra 30+ slots from a good freighter can really come in handy when moving high value merchandise like storm crystals or fossils.
        I'm thinking a thing that size could have more like 300 slots! I know you can have 10 of your own storage boxes but still seems a bit daft.
            I get ya, I'd say it's primary purpose is just that it's a mobile base. Can be pretty convenient being able to have all that storage just up in the atmosphere when you're building a new base.
                It should have as meny slots as cargo bays on the outside. But they should be 1000x bigger in max capacity per slot. 

The
                    That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
                Yes but it's easy to just teleport to another base where you have storage units till you build them at your new base. Granted you dont always want 10 storage units in every base🙂
            Only thing with that is it would be way op with the item teleporter you would never need to store stuff anywhere except your freighter ever again. Lol
                But it would be realistic
            I mean if we are going for realism, then there’s no reason we should be able to hold so much on our backs to begin with lol ￼
                Same in many many games 🤣
                    Truth
That's a good point. If they did choose that route, I wonder if  all the cities would technically look the same though? I think it would be cool to have them procedurally generated for individual uniqueness.
    If you want to only look at them from distance, then it should not be hard to implement. But if devs implement them only as glorified backgrounds then next thing players will ask is to visit these cities. And procedurally generate whole city is not a small task.
    Yeah they would probably be procedurally generated the same way terrain and large mountains are generated. Once you got close enough, the game would start to render individual shops and landing pads, the same way grass trees and animals come into view. NPCs could then be rendered walking around, each one with unique procedurally generated dialogue.
        The Galactic Hub is essentially [a community of NMS players that have gathered together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGBtobLIpik) in a specific region (well, "regions" because it's actually more complex than that) of the galaxy to share in-game content, base building, resources, documentation, tech, etc...

There's even a capital system where you'll often see some really unique and advanced base building from players. You can find out more about it on the [Hub's NMS wiki page](https://nomanssky.gamepedia.com/Galactic_Hub_Project)
It’s a basically a portion of Euclid (there’s ones for other galaxies but not as big) that is inhabited and discovered  by a large amount of players, you can frequently meet other people or find cool bases in that region.
    That’s awesome. I remember an ooooold interview where Sean said that it would be unlikely for two people to ever run into another and thinking “Gamers, uh... find a way”.  

Any incursion style community projects?
They could have vendors all over and just NPCs to talk to also. Planets with Extreme Weather conditions could have domes over them with a big door that opens for your ship to enter with plenty of landing places. Also it would be absolutely nothing like the nexus...
    Yes I know. Not like the Nexus. Just saying it would be a separate entity from the rest of the planet so the framerate doesnt go to zero.
        I see
My guess is most trees no matter what can't be grown on a planet that is -194f. Also physics is a thing.. Rain just doesn't come in hot enough to boil you alive on a planet that has a reg temp of 69f They can't really just do whatever.. Since you know it should at least make some kind of sense. There's never a hot planet that has colder rain.. Which would make sense. But whatever... If they wanted to stick to something cool but realistic they could add planets like WASP-76b where it rains Iron.

Edit : Unless something is heating the rain to incredibly hot temps I just can't see how rain would naturally gain that kind of heat on a planet where the base temp is around 69F in the day.
In this case p2p means peer to peer, not pay to play.
    Oh haha my bad. Woke up not so long ago so I misinterpreted the question.
Chris Foss also does some amazing work! I have one of his books and I absolutely love it!
    Yeah, I had this one when I was 20 or so years younger, not sure what ever happened to it...

https://www.amazon.com/21st-Century-Foss-Chris/dp/9063325711
        That looks super cool! Might try and track down a copy of one for sale :D
            Take a look for "Spacecraft 2000" as well.  It has the original artwork from this thread as well as a bunch of others.
Well, he died in 1998, but I doubt you generally compensate someone who inspires you anyway. Although if he were still alive I'm sure he'd at least get a thank you or something.
I'd seen this cover before as well, so went looking with Google image search.

Ended up here, where it has been on a number of book covers: [http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?1519663](http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?1519663)

The original artist is Angus McKie and he drew the cover art for a many of the books that I read in my youth :-D
    The picture is also in this book - Spacecraft 2000 to 2100 AD.
Yeah no problem
Agreed! A variety of butt pluggery would be nice.
O, my bad.
I call them hoppin' floppers.
EXACTLY! I though I was the only one who had thought of this, having the algorithm morph the individual assets to get more variety out of them
    The problem with that idea is that it's exactly how it works currently (for Fauna), and taht there are only a limited base forms you can use that makes sense visually. Spore doesn't really have more variety than NMS for land- or air-based creatures. As far as I can tell, NMS doesn't modify water creatures at all sadly.

Additionally, If they were adding assets (and I'm not so sure they don't add new ones from time to time)  you wouldn't automatically notice it, because they would be combined with old ones you already know. It would be "oh .. .a hopping mushroom with tentacle legs. Funny ... this one has crab eyes. Never seen that  yet ... but yeah ... hopping mushroom ... I wish there were more assets"

Not that they couldn't add stuff (slithering creatures, more aquatic create variety), but it wouldn't be a visual revolution no matter what they do I'm afraid, and most people wouldn't even notice it.
How about, they make a deal with spores creator, and install every single animal ever created in that game, into this game.
    so. much. penis.
That's..  how it was supposed to work.
Those are hardly cities, more like ancient castles
    Almost like they are ancient ruins or something.
        I think you're missing the distinction OP is trying to make between a city and a castle
            A castle is an ancient city.
                No a city is a civilization, the castles in the game could hardly house more than 15 people. Perhaps a group of castles and ruins together could be considered a small city, but certainly not one lone building
I get what you mean. Features to distinguish between male and female npc's. Not sure about korvax though, considering they probably don't have genders due to being robots.
    Yeah. Hence why I said maybe a new type of traveler or anomaly, in addition to the ones that already exist. Not so much about making changes to any of the three main races.
Current gen and next gen games run on the same architecture so it wouldn’t be that hard to rerelease the game, the only hard part would be upgrading it enough to warrant another purchase for loyal fans
[deleted]
    True, but I feel like the only city we need for the style of NMS we already have in the form of the Nexus. 

Something I'd love to see, especially in abandoned systems, would be crashed stations on the planet's surface. Maybe being able to loot them for bigtime rewards would be awesome.
That sounds like a whole ass game you're proposing here.
What you're proposing is probably impossible within the scope of the games engine. Not saying its not a fantastic pipe dream, but never remotely going to happen within NMS.
Then everyone would just fly strait to a city and stop planet hopping. You would just dial in the best cities and then 99% of the game would be wasted. This is horrible. Player hubs/apartments with minimal shops is a better idea though i think the best idea would be small towns for friend groups to all chill at and built and work towards securing good merchants like terreria
    I disagree, I think that different players would do different things. I'm still an explorer by heart, and nothing could stop me from discovering new planets. Cities would only make the planets feel more alive and real, making me want to explore them even more!
Yeah there could be bigger setlements (between 7 to 10 structures). Sometimes they could have an exocraft bay. Sometimes a bar type place. An average of 8 NPCs.
theres so much to the game that the people who “want more” havent found yet.
True... It does get me about 80 hours on one playthrough though
Also this guy :D
My pleasure. You can sort by sci fi and by decade. Try the 50's. Weird Tales has some great covers.
    Thats what I'll do, thanks! I will definitely check out your recommendations as well, they look pretty interesting. I can see how someone could spend many hours on this site haha... thanks!
        Yeah, it's a rabbit hole for sure. Lol.
I saw some videos showing that there was more vegetation on planets. Ticker better looking grass, but it was hurting FPS on slower machines, so they changed it. Now when you move fast there is no grass at all, and when you stop moving the grass and stuff starts loading. Definetly a mood killer and one of the many reasons i don't play anymore.
Dude how awesome would that be, especially if players could show up in it. You could walk around like some big hotshot billionaire just shooting the shit with them.
    Exactly!  Why bother exploring planets when we have MTV Cribs, space station edition?
Alternatively it could be customisable inside, a bit like a freighter, but then still it's' single meshes for big rooms or areas.
I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "nave mesh" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. A nave is the central part of a church and has nothing to do with a NavMesh.
    Probably shouldn't shame people for trying to understand and being wrong. It's different from being dishonest
        No I'm shaming someone for trying to correct another person on a subject they know nothing about. Kind of like you correcting me when don't even grasp what I said.
            Instead of correcting them, you put them down on a personal level. I'm sorry if you're having a difficult time, these are strange days.
                Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
                    [removed]
            He wasn't correcting anyone. Lmao the only one you've shamed is yourself and you should handle that in the old fashion Japanese way if you catch my drift. Also his Auto correct probably saw nav and was like wtf is this I'll fix that for you! Then your eyes crossed that and were like bully bully bully lmao what a clown go look good and hard in the mirror, it takes a while to grasp ugly.
                Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
                    I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
    I know this is three months later, and you probably totally forgot about this, but you're totally not Cyber Bullying or as the other guy put it "Trolling" anyone, he's totally capping, and I agree that the other dude sounds like an idiot
They've been a thing for a long time
Whenever you go to a system that has really fucked up planets like the ones that have glitches that you can pick up, those systems usually have a space station that's abandoned. The style inside is a little different And there are no people and it's kind of goopy but theres still a teleporter thing and a trade terminal
    Fun fact- the abandoned stations are in the pre-NEXT design.
you can put synchronized storage containers in the build area
    Yes I know and have 10 but thanks. Still should be more storage in a thing that size. It has cargo holds on the outside as well.
You're finding the wrong freighters then. Sure, combined our general and cargo slots in the exosuit definitely give more space. But those extra 30+ slots from a good freighter can really come in handy when moving high value merchandise like storm crystals or fossils.
    I'm thinking a thing that size could have more like 300 slots! I know you can have 10 of your own storage boxes but still seems a bit daft.
        I get ya, I'd say it's primary purpose is just that it's a mobile base. Can be pretty convenient being able to have all that storage just up in the atmosphere when you're building a new base.
            It should have as meny slots as cargo bays on the outside. But they should be 1000x bigger in max capacity per slot. 

The
                That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
            Yes but it's easy to just teleport to another base where you have storage units till you build them at your new base. Granted you dont always want 10 storage units in every base🙂
        Only thing with that is it would be way op with the item teleporter you would never need to store stuff anywhere except your freighter ever again. Lol
            But it would be realistic
        I mean if we are going for realism, then there’s no reason we should be able to hold so much on our backs to begin with lol ￼
            Same in many many games 🤣
                Truth
If you want to only look at them from distance, then it should not be hard to implement. But if devs implement them only as glorified backgrounds then next thing players will ask is to visit these cities. And procedurally generate whole city is not a small task.
Yeah they would probably be procedurally generated the same way terrain and large mountains are generated. Once you got close enough, the game would start to render individual shops and landing pads, the same way grass trees and animals come into view. NPCs could then be rendered walking around, each one with unique procedurally generated dialogue.
    The Galactic Hub is essentially [a community of NMS players that have gathered together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGBtobLIpik) in a specific region (well, "regions" because it's actually more complex than that) of the galaxy to share in-game content, base building, resources, documentation, tech, etc...

There's even a capital system where you'll often see some really unique and advanced base building from players. You can find out more about it on the [Hub's NMS wiki page](https://nomanssky.gamepedia.com/Galactic_Hub_Project)
That’s awesome. I remember an ooooold interview where Sean said that it would be unlikely for two people to ever run into another and thinking “Gamers, uh... find a way”.  

Any incursion style community projects?
Yes I know. Not like the Nexus. Just saying it would be a separate entity from the rest of the planet so the framerate doesnt go to zero.
    I see
Oh haha my bad. Woke up not so long ago so I misinterpreted the question.
Yeah, I had this one when I was 20 or so years younger, not sure what ever happened to it...

https://www.amazon.com/21st-Century-Foss-Chris/dp/9063325711
    That looks super cool! Might try and track down a copy of one for sale :D
        Take a look for "Spacecraft 2000" as well.  It has the original artwork from this thread as well as a bunch of others.
The picture is also in this book - Spacecraft 2000 to 2100 AD.
The problem with that idea is that it's exactly how it works currently (for Fauna), and taht there are only a limited base forms you can use that makes sense visually. Spore doesn't really have more variety than NMS for land- or air-based creatures. As far as I can tell, NMS doesn't modify water creatures at all sadly.

Additionally, If they were adding assets (and I'm not so sure they don't add new ones from time to time)  you wouldn't automatically notice it, because they would be combined with old ones you already know. It would be "oh .. .a hopping mushroom with tentacle legs. Funny ... this one has crab eyes. Never seen that  yet ... but yeah ... hopping mushroom ... I wish there were more assets"

Not that they couldn't add stuff (slithering creatures, more aquatic create variety), but it wouldn't be a visual revolution no matter what they do I'm afraid, and most people wouldn't even notice it.
so. much. penis.
Almost like they are ancient ruins or something.
    I think you're missing the distinction OP is trying to make between a city and a castle
        A castle is an ancient city.
            No a city is a civilization, the castles in the game could hardly house more than 15 people. Perhaps a group of castles and ruins together could be considered a small city, but certainly not one lone building
Yeah. Hence why I said maybe a new type of traveler or anomaly, in addition to the ones that already exist. Not so much about making changes to any of the three main races.
True, but I feel like the only city we need for the style of NMS we already have in the form of the Nexus. 

Something I'd love to see, especially in abandoned systems, would be crashed stations on the planet's surface. Maybe being able to loot them for bigtime rewards would be awesome.
I disagree, I think that different players would do different things. I'm still an explorer by heart, and nothing could stop me from discovering new planets. Cities would only make the planets feel more alive and real, making me want to explore them even more!
Thats what I'll do, thanks! I will definitely check out your recommendations as well, they look pretty interesting. I can see how someone could spend many hours on this site haha... thanks!
    Yeah, it's a rabbit hole for sure. Lol.
Exactly!  Why bother exploring planets when we have MTV Cribs, space station edition?
Probably shouldn't shame people for trying to understand and being wrong. It's different from being dishonest
    No I'm shaming someone for trying to correct another person on a subject they know nothing about. Kind of like you correcting me when don't even grasp what I said.
        Instead of correcting them, you put them down on a personal level. I'm sorry if you're having a difficult time, these are strange days.
            Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
                [removed]
        He wasn't correcting anyone. Lmao the only one you've shamed is yourself and you should handle that in the old fashion Japanese way if you catch my drift. Also his Auto correct probably saw nav and was like wtf is this I'll fix that for you! Then your eyes crossed that and were like bully bully bully lmao what a clown go look good and hard in the mirror, it takes a while to grasp ugly.
            Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
                I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
I know this is three months later, and you probably totally forgot about this, but you're totally not Cyber Bullying or as the other guy put it "Trolling" anyone, he's totally capping, and I agree that the other dude sounds like an idiot
Fun fact- the abandoned stations are in the pre-NEXT design.
Yes I know and have 10 but thanks. Still should be more storage in a thing that size. It has cargo holds on the outside as well.
I'm thinking a thing that size could have more like 300 slots! I know you can have 10 of your own storage boxes but still seems a bit daft.
    I get ya, I'd say it's primary purpose is just that it's a mobile base. Can be pretty convenient being able to have all that storage just up in the atmosphere when you're building a new base.
        It should have as meny slots as cargo bays on the outside. But they should be 1000x bigger in max capacity per slot. 

The
            That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
        Yes but it's easy to just teleport to another base where you have storage units till you build them at your new base. Granted you dont always want 10 storage units in every base🙂
    Only thing with that is it would be way op with the item teleporter you would never need to store stuff anywhere except your freighter ever again. Lol
        But it would be realistic
    I mean if we are going for realism, then there’s no reason we should be able to hold so much on our backs to begin with lol ￼
        Same in many many games 🤣
            Truth
The Galactic Hub is essentially [a community of NMS players that have gathered together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGBtobLIpik) in a specific region (well, "regions" because it's actually more complex than that) of the galaxy to share in-game content, base building, resources, documentation, tech, etc...

There's even a capital system where you'll often see some really unique and advanced base building from players. You can find out more about it on the [Hub's NMS wiki page](https://nomanssky.gamepedia.com/Galactic_Hub_Project)
I see
That looks super cool! Might try and track down a copy of one for sale :D
    Take a look for "Spacecraft 2000" as well.  It has the original artwork from this thread as well as a bunch of others.
I think you're missing the distinction OP is trying to make between a city and a castle
    A castle is an ancient city.
        No a city is a civilization, the castles in the game could hardly house more than 15 people. Perhaps a group of castles and ruins together could be considered a small city, but certainly not one lone building
Yeah, it's a rabbit hole for sure. Lol.
No I'm shaming someone for trying to correct another person on a subject they know nothing about. Kind of like you correcting me when don't even grasp what I said.
    Instead of correcting them, you put them down on a personal level. I'm sorry if you're having a difficult time, these are strange days.
        Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
            [removed]
    He wasn't correcting anyone. Lmao the only one you've shamed is yourself and you should handle that in the old fashion Japanese way if you catch my drift. Also his Auto correct probably saw nav and was like wtf is this I'll fix that for you! Then your eyes crossed that and were like bully bully bully lmao what a clown go look good and hard in the mirror, it takes a while to grasp ugly.
        Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
            I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
I get ya, I'd say it's primary purpose is just that it's a mobile base. Can be pretty convenient being able to have all that storage just up in the atmosphere when you're building a new base.
    It should have as meny slots as cargo bays on the outside. But they should be 1000x bigger in max capacity per slot. 

The
        That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
    Yes but it's easy to just teleport to another base where you have storage units till you build them at your new base. Granted you dont always want 10 storage units in every base🙂
Only thing with that is it would be way op with the item teleporter you would never need to store stuff anywhere except your freighter ever again. Lol
    But it would be realistic
I mean if we are going for realism, then there’s no reason we should be able to hold so much on our backs to begin with lol ￼
    Same in many many games 🤣
        Truth
Take a look for "Spacecraft 2000" as well.  It has the original artwork from this thread as well as a bunch of others.
A castle is an ancient city.
    No a city is a civilization, the castles in the game could hardly house more than 15 people. Perhaps a group of castles and ruins together could be considered a small city, but certainly not one lone building
Instead of correcting them, you put them down on a personal level. I'm sorry if you're having a difficult time, these are strange days.
    Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
        [removed]
He wasn't correcting anyone. Lmao the only one you've shamed is yourself and you should handle that in the old fashion Japanese way if you catch my drift. Also his Auto correct probably saw nav and was like wtf is this I'll fix that for you! Then your eyes crossed that and were like bully bully bully lmao what a clown go look good and hard in the mirror, it takes a while to grasp ugly.
    Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
        I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
It should have as meny slots as cargo bays on the outside. But they should be 1000x bigger in max capacity per slot. 

The
    That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
Yes but it's easy to just teleport to another base where you have storage units till you build them at your new base. Granted you dont always want 10 storage units in every base🙂
But it would be realistic
Same in many many games 🤣
    Truth
No a city is a civilization, the castles in the game could hardly house more than 15 people. Perhaps a group of castles and ruins together could be considered a small city, but certainly not one lone building
Oh how will they ever recover? I've never seen such an evil cyber bully before! My lord, call the FBI!
    [removed]
Apparently everyone but the person I responded to has problem with this. Did anyone ever think that maybe he thought "oh I didn't now it was NavMesh" go simp for someone who asked you to.
    I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
That would make more sense and was what I was expecting when I got my first (only) freighter.
Truth
[removed]
I highly question your grasp of the technological side of this argument. You say "now" repeatedly, while trying to make yourself sound like an expert. Know means that you have knowledge of something and now is the constant that you sound like a fool. Just teasing btw don't be butthurt
