[[[The Future of Palworld] Palworld Road map!]]





On the Steam news page is some extra information  


We would like to share with you our roadmap for Palworld.  
Sales have far exceeded the development team's expectations, and we are currently experiencing many problems due to excessive access congestion, among other challenges.  
We will prioritize improving this issue first, and then move on to implementing new in-game features.  
  
Thank you for your understanding.
    Seems like the place has been on fire ever since it launched. Poor devs have probably barely had a chance to celebrate.
        I know its hyperbole but I have this mental image of like 4 japanese dudes just with no idea this game was going to blow up so much. 

I bet they partied pretty hard once they knew it was a hit. 


Now they are like "wait we dont know how to make a game"


Except that they seemingly do know how. 

I wonder if they will be brinign on some more artists/devs with all the extra cash they got.


If they play this right, this game could really have some lasting power.
            They def have to expand at this point, and fast.
                [deleted]
                    Yeah, what they really need to do is find one highly experienced person and put them in charge. Hunt: Showdown did this in the past year, created a new "general manager" position and put David Fifield in charge, an industry veteran, and the game's been so much better ever since.
                        Former Hunt player here - care to elaborate?
                            Hunt was sort of just coasting for a little while. The events were annoying and grindy, content was far and few between. Now the events are content rich and easy to complete, a new map and engine upgrade is coming, we got a miniboss, lots of fun new guns, new traits, and features popularly requested like weapon inspect. The game has really picked up since he was put in charge.
                                Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
                                    Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
                Unfortunately, that's the problem with smaller companies. 

To find someone, onboard the new hire, then train them and bring to speed can take months. It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).  

I wish them success and hope they can succeed, but the instant flood of popularity is going to be very difficult to manage.
                    Hold up guys I have a big brain idea. Let’s get them to hire people from Nintendo
                    >It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).

I mean some people theoretically work on their other early access game Craftopia.
                        I bet, considering their size and budget, they put all focus on palworld. I think they abandoned craftopia but perhaps with the new funding, they decided to make two teams and both games will get support. I heard part of the reason craftopia failed was because it was really ambitious, and maybe it's not so ambitious anymore if they can upgrade from however many employees they have to 50 or more. 250m in revenue beings them many possibilities, but also will go quick I imagine if not managed well.
                            If this gets us (the playerbase) a new aa company that gives the people what they want, it might set the precedent for many future game developers and also give us tons of great games down the road.
                No they don’t. They got here with the team they have. Unless the team has completely plateaued in terms of technical knowhow there’s no problem with them staying the same size. I paid a flat fee for the game as it is now because it’s worth the price, as it is now. Anything they add extra is just a bonus now. The best way to see the game fucked up is for them to expand too fast, rush shit out, and end up with a game worse than what it is currently.
                    Technically you paid for a promised product, as the game is in Early Access. After they deem the game feature complete and 1.0, THEN everything after is bonus content.
                        Pay for what you see. Paying for early access for what the game \*might\* become is risky and encourages bad business practices. 

Palworld is already worth $30, which is why I bought it. So all development from now on is a bonus.
                            I completely agree up until you said that last sentence, because thats against what Early Access stands for. 

I paid for the game because its currently worth its price, but the fact is that you and I both paid full price for a half finished game, meaning when they finish it, and only then, will it be considered the product we paid for. 

I understand your point of view being that anything past this point is extra, but that too is a bad mindset to have. That mindset leads to not only early access devs thinking that their game is *good enough* and then charging for extra content or abandoning the game and just cashing out, but it also encourages people to feel as though the game should rise in price at launch, but as far as we know the games price tag is 30 dollars and will always be 30 dollars, because thats what the devs decided the final product will be worth.
                                For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
                    Well I hope at least they fix the countless game breaking bugs, not really worth the price if your entire world bugs out every 5 minutes
                        What are you doing with your game? I merely had a audio bug and I have already 30 hours of play time.
                            There's some pretty bad bugs, for example in order to get into my solo world, I have to first launch a new multiplayer world (which can always be the same one so long as I don't actually play the new game) 

If I don't do this, my game crashes, and it will keep crashing on loading the old world until I enter the new one.

It's not a huge deal, only a minor inconvenience, but is still kinda annoying when I forget.
                Fast expansion, or any expansion after a project has become established is difficult. Adding new people doesn’t necessarily mean that things will be done faster, after a certain point of expansion.
            They obviously know how to make, now they get to learn how to maintain and improve.
            Could be a new franchise even - Pokemon lasted decades, despite the fact that they more or less ignore the community, which wanted more adult games and games for PC!

Not to mention base-building, having your creatures work for you (we see that in the world and even the anime, but we ourselfs could never let the creatures perform tasks for us, despite the fact that they are clearly more intelligent than dogs and even dolphins! Hell, some like say Lucario is probably as smart as the character!

Hell, palworld needs to double down on that IMHO! What do I mean? We should be able to send pals (alone or in teams) on expeditions ("Go out and farm x!" or "Go out and catch X!")

ps: The pals need more pathing and AI, because something that can supposedly run an assembly line (and build it, too!) should not make that many mistakes (not picking up stuff, prioritizing stone over ore etc.)...still, it's good for early access IMHO!
    I’m somewhat stupid, so just to be clear does this mean they’re fixing/expanding the servers? A private multiplayer world between me and my friends is borderline unplayable, despite the fact that we can all run it in single player with max settings completely flawlessly. 

That’s the biggest thing holding us back from enjoying the game, once we got to the point where we had three bases up and running full of 15 pals each the lag was so bad we couldn’t even load into the world so the game has been put on hold until something is done to fix it.
yes the PAL AI really needs some fixing future is bright keep em coming
    I throw my dumud at a mine spot, it says he's assigned, he fuacks off to mine normal rocks. 

I throw my rooby at the smelter, it does half its job then fuacks off.

I throw pengullet at a freezer, it never. Ever. Fuacking. Leaves. 

I throw my Mau in the ranch, it makes my other pals have a fuacking seizure because there's too many items on the ground.

I throw deadream at a work bench to craft, it says there is nothing to assign it to nearby and fuacks off into automode.

The PAL AI is probably my only real complaint right now.

Edit: as mentioned by others, a simple menu that lets us tell the pals where to go or what to do would be lovely. Personally I'd like something like Oxygen Not Included. Where I can control the priority or what the pals can/cannot do, as some pals I don't want doing multiple jobs but some I want to only do one thing.
        Transporting Items needs an AI improvement. I tested it, and if there are single items on the ground, as in a stack size of 1, pals will only carry one item regardless of their transporting level. That's really bad for ranches and mining outposts.

I also noticed oddities like when I throw a fire pal at a furnace, it will give the error message that it can't do cooling (and no I have nothing to cool in my entire base.) Or yesterday, when my breeding thing stopped working. I tossed a pal at it multiple times, and it said no task nearby.

I honestly hope they just switch task management to a menu. Having to chase after them, wait until they finish certain tasks because I can't pick them up while busy, or have stuff just not work outright is just infuriating.
            I want to be able to assign storage preferences. I like having a raw materials box, a pal corpse remains box, manufactured box, etc. Pals just bring whatever item they want to the nearest box with an open slot so it took me a while to figure out why my system was getting messed up all the time.
                But they don’t even always chose the closest chest. They keep taking my wheat to the feeder (then they eat it) which is very far away when I’d rather they just put in the box next to the farm so I can feed it into the mill.
                    Fill the feeder with single candy floss except the slots your using and they’ll take wheat to cool box/chest
                        Honey also works, it doesn't expire either, as long as doesn't get accidentally selected when you make cake.
                        what's candy floss?
                            I think cotton candy that the woolipops drop. I’m assuming that’s a word for it in a non American English speaking country
                        I use coins since I have a millions of them and they weigh nothing. Then I put a single item of the items I want stored. Reminds me of the old minecraft auto sorter, but less “auto”.
                    I will put 1 wheat at the last slot in the feeder box, this way the wheat that the pals load into the box will be stacked there. And being the last slot, the pals won't get to eat it unless your feeder box runs out of other food.
                Idk, I've seen my farming pals go halfway across my base to put berries in the feed basket, even though other storage was closer. 
                    That is a good exception to the rule. That would suck if they didn’t
                        Id prefer they put the food in the refrigerator
                    i WISH, mine will run to the other side of mine to throw berries in storage even tho the feed basket is right next to my berry farm. AND they like to choose different boxes each time, i have stashes of berries everywhere from them
                Or even just placeholders for items when theyre used up and the ability to easily lock chests from pals ie private ones for items, eventually when all the placeholders fill theyd have to go to the correct chests, i feel like itd be less complicated and easy to implement
                    Since crafting already pulls from any storage on the base, would be cool to do it like Palia. Building storage containers increases your maximum storage slots, and every container links to the same storage.
                I'd like to see that too, or maybe just a craftable item called a Pal chest, that they would prefer, or if you could just toggle pal prevention on any chest that you interact with.

&#x200B;

There's a nice workaround though. For any chest that you don't want the pals to mess with, you fill all of the open slots with a single arrow.
                    Or just be able to assign slots for a chest. In chest "X" the slot 1 is assigned to wood. All priority dropoff for wood now goes to that slot instead of open slot.
            Yup, the throwing the work pal never works for me, unless there's only one facility nearby. but I can still pick them up even if they're busy,you have to press the button while standing in front of the pals 
                Then there's me, who never thought of throwing a pal at a job to assign them. I just let them naturally do their thing lol.
                    Haha I'm the same, just kinda let the pals do whatever and hope for the best, honestly makes for some hilarious moments when you come back to your base to see what new chaos has erupted. Sometimes I think they have a mind of their own, like when they start working on something you didn't even know needed attention, but hey, keeps things interesting right? Just wish they'd stop chasing butterflies when there's work to be done, but that's half the charm of this crazy game.
                        I agree, I also wish they add options to allow pals to initiate works (like crafting, producing wheat, etc) rather than waiting for the players to give the order. It would reduce so much hassle and potentially bringing a lot of joy of chaos.
                        They burned my house down it is now made of stone
                    I play on xbox and i have 2 bases. At my OG base, everything is fine besides these normal problems. At my second base however, *everyone* prioritizes breaking trees. The real problem starts when they go to transport the wood they broke. 7-8 pals will pick up, then drop, then pick up the same piece of wood rapidly, forever. The only thing that stops this loop is walking to it myself and taking it from them. Which kinda defeats the purpose of having my pals be self-sufficient. And the process repeats itself if theres another piece of wood laying around somewhere.

I think a management menu would be perfect. A way to prioritize certain actions, choose what pals do what actions and for how long, and to what degree.

Another issue that i seem to have at my second base is that they work themselves to incapacitation or injury. I have the monitoring stand set and its set to a reasonable workload, but for some reason whenever i go back to my 2nd base, *someone* is injured or incapacitated. Maybe ive missed something, but i dont know what else to do to keep them from overworking themselves besides splitting workloads between numerous different pals. But, then, what do i do for the automated processes they carry out when im not there? The automated processes seems to be what breaks them even when i have my workload set to decent.
                99% of the time I throw one of them they just get stuck in the air where I was holding them... just floating
            I think when it says "it can't do cooling," I think it means your pal is on a short break.

Like a cooldown, so to speak. Probably a translation error
            Hey, I think “cooling” means cooling off (resting). I’m not entirely sure but everytime I would assign someone and it said “cooling”, they beelined to bed. Might be a translation thing
        I think THROWING a pal is part of the problem for me. I had to use a big guy to heat up some eggs yesterday and I couldn't find the heater's hitbox to save my life. 

It's a nice feature, it should stay because its funny, but being able to just select a pal and then the heater would be neat.
            Simply making the bigger Pals transparent while carrying them would also help.
                Also that, absolutely
                You don't like Jormuntide Ignis being the only thing you can see on your entire screen?!
                    My boss jormuntide is the entire base and I'm here for it
                        They're just so... Large

I love them. Waiting for the eventual D&D stat block
                With some pals that is already happening.
            pals fron your party seem to assign fine, hand throwing has issues
                It only gets worse the larger they are, too. Trying to assign the boss Jormuntide to anything is a hopeless task (unless its the breeding pen since that building's massive)
        Yep, I have 3 pals that can water crops, but one that can freeze food. Guess which one ALWAYS is watering crops? 
            For freezing & electricity I use only Jolthog & Jolthog Cryst, they both only do electric & freezing (respectively) so they don't get distracted.
                Chillet (lv11 boss)  also had only freezing,  that's who we use
                    I prefer smaller Pals for my base, sometimes the big ones randomly get stuck on a roof for a few days and starve
                        I don't even build structures any more. I have a 2x2 with a flat roof that I put statue and condenser on. I haven't had any issues with pathfinding after removing my buildings.
                        Smaller pals also eat way less food. 
                    I'm very fond of Chillet's curled up pose. 
                Rayhound for electric he is only a 2 but it's all he does 
        There is that monitoring station that lets you adjust pal work speed. That would be an ideal place to set job priorities from.
            I was so annoyed last night when I built that damn monitoring stand and then realized it had nothing to do with assigning tasks 😭😭😭
                Yup, that’s what the description sounds like it does.

But nope.
                I was thinking the same thing it makes sense to have it there and I like the server transfer thing but I hope it comes with some restrictions like you can’t drop pals from another server or breed them to stop people from just getting high level pals and selling them on eBay
                    If a pal is higher level than you then it gets "squished" down to your level so you cant just get lucky and catch an overleveled pal.
            I built it thinking that was what it did.
            True plus it gives us a reason to build it since I don’t like overworking my pals so I don’t even bother building the station.
            Yeah I was hoping that station would be a priority function. 
        I can't remember what mining level dumud has but for mining they need level 2 mining to be able to mine Ores, so they'll always run off to mine rocks instead of they are level 1.
            Dumud is level 2 so him going to the stone and not ore is no bueno
                Yeah I have a secondary base at the ores behind the desolate church. I tried setting up a stone pit but literally all my mining pals stop mining ore to go mine stone at the pit so I had to remove it.
                    [deleted]
                        Hopefully they update the system in the future to make it easier to assign task priority to pals.
                            I'm really hoping we can set priority like some other games. Where we just assign priority from like -3 to +3.
            Jesus that makes so much sense!
        I would like a base UI overhaul like the ability to assign pals tasks in the table UI or in the palbox. And I wish that every building had built in storage that the base shared inventory could draw from.
            A job priority, per Pal, would be nice as well.
        The funny thing though.. the bad AI kind of makes them feel like living creatures with minds of their own. If they didn't occasionally act like weird little morons, I'm not sure the game would have so much charm. 

So I'm hoping they don't over-correct and turn them all into mindless robots who only ever do what they're told and nothing else.
            exactly, it makes butchering the dumb ones more fun
            Add an intelligence stat. Easy way to keep some randomness
            I agree to a degree. I want them to occasionally make mistakes. But when the Paldeck has entries that state higher levels of intelligence (than an animal) and a level of understanding similar to human children(specifically lifmunk) and higher I feel it'd be nice if they acted at least a little more competent. 

Currently it's just a bit buggy and most of the problems are from the AI having ADHD and people using Pals with higher hunger requirements and just feeding them berries.

Example: A Pal is transporting, I've noticed it drop the item it's transporting and run over to grab another item before reaching a box with the first item. Even though the box that it was going to would have been 2~3 steps away.

Example 2: Arsox will run to the feed basket to eat every 5~15 seconds of work if there's only berries in there because of how the feeding system works. They don't eat till they are full, they eat until they "aren't hungry" which can be 1 berry to just put them over the threshold. You can see this in action with the feed bag as the player (and their Pal team work the same way) just fill your first slot with berries, get hungry, and watch your character chow the fuck down on berries every few steps. It's why on bigger Pals Glutton is arguably worse than slacker and diet-lover is arguably better than artisan unless you are feeding them something like pancakes, all the time spent eating makes the bonuses and penalties a moot point.
            Haha yes I agree and honestly wouldn't bug me much if they never added that feature. But ugh, having to take pals out of my base and put them back in because they get stuck in a corner or something drives me crazy.
            Yeah pals have their own private shit going on closer to simulation games like Dwarf Fortress or Rimworld
        We need a Foreman/Officer desk. With it, you can control the work assignments at the base.

Tell which Pal to go where for work. And assign recipes for stations to carry out. Similar to RimWorld and its crafting mechanic if you every played that.

It would be nice not to have to return to my farm all the time to continue making Flour. I wish I could just select an option that says "This Mill will continue to make Flour" and then Pals keep working there to make Flour whenever Wheat becomes available.
            I kind of assumed that's what the Station you could build around level 17 did. Instead, it just gives you the option to work your pals to death for some reason.
                I had the same thought. Then I was sad when I saw it doesn't really help. Yeah, you *could* make them work faster. Doesn't help if pals are running around not doing the best task for them
            Imho Flour should not have a decomposition timer. The shelf life of flour IRL is basically a full year. 

Also, the freezer should retain cold after being "powered up" by a frozen pal. It should be a task that takes a few minutes, and then lasts the whole day. 

I hate logging back into my base and seeing my freezer empty because everything rotted, because I couldn't micromanage my pal to always stay on the cooler.
        Same, couldn't assign my paladius to a ranch yesterday because it didn't have freezing skill somehow ? 

Aside from that, the order of priority is a mess. Crafting pals with 1 carry that'll get stuck in an endless loop of carrying small amounts of items, or harvesting crop etc ... doing everything but their job essentially. 

A rimworld-like task management system or the ability to slot pals into workbenches without having to throw them would be great. So many pals that are virtually useless because AI is a mess.
            The pals being huge and the bases pretty small also doesn't help.  It's hard to aim a jormuntide Ignis to a furnace when you can't even see it.
        Pal AI is a big one. SIZE IS ANOTHER. As much as I love my Jormungandr Ignis being a big ol snake-dragon that makes smelting a breeze (L4! He's the heat GOAT), they're useless and make other Pals pathing go berserk due to that obscene size!

That and they can't fit through archways and halls in dungeons, get stuck in trees, buildings via clipping, and other places. Impractical, hatched from a huge egg found in the volcano. Cool setpiece, but too big to function good. (Large should be the peak. Large Penking and my flagship Wixen are big enough to act normally while being big figures, not intrusive obstacles!)
        I thought that's what the Monitoring Stand would do but all it does is let you set how toxic your work environment is.
        I've found two things help: Flat terrain and spacing out the buildings.

Terrain seems to mess with the Pal AI more than anything.

If different things are too close (work benches, cooking stations, and farms for example) then the Pal AI can get special.

Certain stations seem to have very specific hitboxes while others seem to work if the pal just happens to be on the same continent.
        Watching my pals not doing any work is making me so mad lmao

I started to kill all the lazy ones to make me feel better
        I had a grizzbolt leave mid breeding to go do some logging, what a chad.
        For the workbench thing, what’s been working for me so far is to have my crosshair on the “3/250 __ “ progress circle before throwing. I also spaced out my various production stations a fair bit
    yeah 100% i cheese the boss fight by getting them stuck on objects. Also my base placement causes raids to spawn on the other side of the river and they cant seem to find a path over and on the rare occasion that they do find a path they run away the second they reach my base
        You can cheese the boss fights right now by just catching them lol

  
https://www.windowscentral.com/gaming/crazy-palworld-bug-lets-you-catch-tower-bosses-heres-how-to-do-it#:\~:text=Instead%2C%20position%20yourself%20so%20that,back%20to%20capture%20it%20instantly.
    Yup pathfinding and a priority system and we'd be golden imo
    Sadly, don't hold your breath.  There is a reason so few games attempt to do automation npcs like this.  the pathing is insanely hard to do.    look at Bannerlord trying to get units to climb ladders..  

The fix is going to be to cheat.  let large pals ignore collision and walk through trees/rooves.  let pals teleport up cliffs, etc.

its how they "fixed" most of the a.i. issues with Terraria for example.  let stuff phase through walls so it doesn't get stuck, and can't be easily cheesed.
    All I want is to be able to permanently slot a pal into a workstation. No I do NOT need you to go seed the berry plantation, quite frankly that one chicken is laying enough eggs to feed a city. JUST CHOP THE GOT DANG TREE.
    I knew it!!!!!! AI confirmed!!!!!!! 😂😂😂😂
Looks like a pretty solid roadmap I look forward to seeing how palworld shapes up in the coming months
    star citizen could use these devs.

Maybe add space flight to the road map so you can fly to other worlds.  We'll get star citizen before star citizen.
Solid communication. Hits everything I personally want from them, in the right order. Homerun of a statement honestly.
    Pal Ai and pathing is huuuuge tired of my pals getting stuck on top of things 😂
        *Pal sitting in top of tree next to food box*

“I am hungry :(“
            Omg. This. My Pals keep getting stuck on top of ore nodes and starving. Also, if you have the stone quarry and ore nodes, they will prioritize the stone, no matter how many times you toss them at the ore. I had to destroy my stone quarry to get any pals to mine the ore. Aside from these relatively minor gripes, the game is excellent.
                Have you also noticed that pals with mining level 1 won't even try to mine ore?
                    iirc they can't, only lvl 2 and higher can. it def should be mentioned somewhere tbh, don't know why it isn't.
                        Yep, I noticed this when I went on an ore hunt with my Digger. 

When you hold the 'summon pal' button and hover over the target, it will say something like "unable to assign" if your pal can't do anything with the thing you're aiming at.
                        I think they need lvl 3 mining for coal too? I just relocated a base near a bunch of coal and ore, and they only ever mine the ore with 6 lvl 2 miner pals
        Absolutely! I planted my flag and made a base directly under the first fast travel tower you see when you start the game (which yes, I regret due to space constraints) and on the stairs down to the bridge over the stream my pals will go up them and turn right too fast, and fall in the corner and just be stuck there. It took me a lot of tries of attempting to patch flooring over it, fencing it off etc. eventually I found the exact spot I can put the large perimeter fence in so that they'd run into it and end up walking over the spot they kept falling and it cut down a lot of freeing my pals
            Enemy AI needs a lot of work too, but hopefully the same improvements can apply to both.
        I’m sick of mine running into the water and drowning….
            Bro mine run into the campfire and burn to death.
                Yes! So do mine.
        Bruh, my Loupmoon is THE WORST about getting stuck in the most random places.
        Yeah, they get stuck somewhere, can't eat, lose SAN and get depressed. logging in to an active server after a day and finding 10+ pals depressed and starving because of bad pathing and AI sucks. You either have to go deer hunting for ages for their horns or spend all of your gold on horns at a vendor, idk if anyone has a better solution but for now I'm just going to start leaving my pals in their box whenever I log off.
        Or Pals spawning outside my wall when teleporting back to base. Had a few starving to unconsciousness outside my walls when I came back from exploring. It defeats the purpose of walls when I have to keep my gates open at all times.
        My pals weren't appearing at my base no matter what I did. I thought my world/save was bricked and I'd have to start over . 


Turns out that if you build your Pal Box with the back facing right up against some terrain they'll spawn inside it and not appear. 
    Yeah their priorities are spot on imo
        Well. Given that the idea for the game seeded from "we want to combine everything people like for a game" as long as they don't do a cash & grab this can turn out an exceptional game.
            IT already is an exceptional masterpiece
                It’s already fun.

I wouldn’t even call it fully functional much less a masterpiece. It’s firmly in an early access/beta state. 

Which is a good thing, and consistent with what it’s advertised as. It also means it will improve.
                I like the game but calling it a masterpiece is reaching lol
                Right now it is early access jank (complimentary)
                    Having played plenty of earyl access jank, this really feels so much better. It's not flawless and could use improvements, but I'd say it's a step above jank.
                        Hell, comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

And it seems they have their priorities right as far as order.
                            Exactly. It already felt way smoother than anything Ark had...
                            > comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

Let's not be crazy here.  I can see Palworld has a good foundation but it's lack of polish is obvious.  

My start of the game was all over the place, I died in the first 10 minutes and the game is like where do you want to spawn and shows me a full map where I have no idea where I even was.  I end of in the right corner of the map only to die to cold a couple more times.  I found some fire and stood on it but the cold overcame anyways.  

Eventually I found the initial island, spawned back there and got my base going and understand things much more.  I appreciate the game doesn't hold your hand but they should have some type of onboarding for new players.  

I am a controller player and I can tell you the controls are not in a good spot.  They don't have button indicators so its really a guessing game on things like what option are you going to get from the Palbox.  Also the invert X and Y are flipped for some reason, that took a bit to figure out.  

I am by no means trashing on an early access game, I love it, but to say its more polished than other AAA titles is just silly.
                                There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
                        It's more polished than the 1.0 release of most survival games
                    Palworld's early access is more functional than many games at their official release. Granted, that says as much about game quality these days as it does about Palworld, but it still means that Palworld is already a great game even before implementing the planned fixes/updates.
                    Hardly janky at all compared to what’s been passing for “Live” recently.
Wait they’re focused on fixing and finishing the early access game before they roll out new content? Don’t tell the Ark fans (myself included)
    Say, fellow Ark player, did you know that the Palworld devs are focused on fixing and finishing the early access game before they roll out new content?

Oh wait... Pretend I said nothing
        you must be another 4 or 5 digit ark player, too ,🥲🤣
            It was certainly *some* amount of time... 

Now if those hours were transferrable to Palworld... If only
    If that PVP Planned Future Updates means full on PVP servers I wouldnt be surprised if ARK just completed fucking dies.
        As it should. They failed their players at every turn.
            i loved ark but i got sick and tired of having to do a 50GB update every single time they updated a typo.

Also I got tired of having like 400GB of space taken up for a single game.
                It's like 1TB for me because of mods lmao
                    That never made sense to me.

How the hell is a single custom dino model so many GB?
                        If I'm recalling correctly..it's how ark handles the dinos.
You need all the files for all the maps it shows up in.
 Even if it's exactly the same.  

I could be wrong though.
        Now that you say that I’ve noticed a significant drop in “current player” post concerning ASE and ASA on the Ark sub lately
            Can confirm. I was playing Ark until this dropped out of the blue. I had never heard of it until I saw it on my Game Pass front page. Loving it so far.
                Palworlds the upgrade, which sucks to say honestly cuz I love both games but ASA is such a mess to play and I don’t wanna go back to ASE now with the “upgrade” existing. But as fun as Palworld is it’s still a different game that survival wise feels the same, but still isn’t “The dinosaur game” which is why I fell in love with Ark
            Yep me and my 7 Pals switched from ASA to Palworld Real fucking Quick lmao
    If recent history has anything to say, if they are like Ark devs, they will throw out new content without ever fixing issues for years only to tell everyone it's unfixable so they are going to remake it it and make you buy it again only for those same old issues to still be present in the new version.  

I have over 2k hours into Ark.....sometimes I wonder why I do things.
        even with all its flaws and shitty dev team and shitty communications, ark is a great game.  fuck ASA though
        Fuck Ark. I love Ark, it's one of my favorite experiences of all time, but one of my least favorite games and hoops to get through to play it with fun. 

Will never forget how I had to sneak around my first base with my gf because there was a Spino spawned on the other side of the river that jumpscared us once and kept camping the one point we wanted to get through. The atmosphere, the sense of actually surviving early, the dangers of wild dinos just being able to wreck your shit completely are just unrepeatable. But man do I not miss having to wait  10-30 minutes each time to load in cause any timeout resets all mod checks etc, or having to compress the game with each patch to not take nearly 200GB. Man, I'm gonna cope so hard for ark2...
Solid, hopefully achievable, roadmap. Just hope they put out updates in a reasonable timeframe.
    On one hand I want them to expand the team so updates get churned out faster, on the other hand I don’t want them to expand the team cause that’s the thing that usually kills the passion in projects
        Some other company buying the game and bleeding it dry is usually what kills passion in new studios.

I'd be surprised if Epic hasn't thrown out an offer for PocketPair yet.
            I’d be shocked if anyone aside from Microsoft buys pocketpair. The gamepass support is an obvious connection, and MS has been itching to build their Japanese presence
                They could also get a "Monster collector" game with an actual playerbase.

They'd be crazy to not try anything.
                    Microsoft buying them would be perfect for both Xbox and the Devs. Microsoft is pretty hands off with their studios, it would give them the resources they need to really build out the world. Microsoft would get an awesome new IP.
                        Jesus christ yall just want everyone to be bought up by megacorps huh
                            Nah you're right, better to just hope they don't go the way of the many other Early Access games that started strong and have nothing to show for it because the devs couldn't handle the success /s

If you don't want this game to end up like 7 Days to Die or Valheim, having a little support and guidance from Microsoft would be the best thing that could happen to Pocket Pair
                        No way. Microsoft can keep their grubby hands off.
                        Pocket Pair have made over $100million from steam sales alone. They don't need more resources to fully realize this game lol. The only reason they would sell now is if they wanted to maximise immediate profits for the least amount of work or if they got involved in an expensive legal battle with Nintendo.
                            Resources isn't just money. It's Devs with experience, guidance from bigger studios, help with certain issues they can't solve alone etc...
            If anyone is gonna buy em up its probably gonna be Microsoft. they already cut a deal clearly since its on game pass, Microsoft sees this wildly successful game that is driving people towards their game subscription service, you know they're gonna be interested
        In my opinion they should bring on a few hot shots to help with specific problems and worry about building their studio. Their CEO has a lot of work ahead
        with every new person, there's a chance of onboarding an out of their mind microtransaction enthusiast with enough presence to make it happen. 😂😭
Not even a week in and already a roadmap. I love to see it.
    And unlike temtem it doesn’t say “sorry no more new pals EVER”, immediately killing all hype. They are seemingly aware of the important issues and have the correct goals in focus. Future looking good.
        Wait, is that why temtem is practically nonexistent ?
            I had such high hopes for that game, thought it was gonna get an animated show on netflix orso and become a hit.  lol
                True, the hype was real when Temtem launched. Played through the campaign with a friend on launch and sat back eagerly waiting for new tems etc. Years and years later it seems like nothing was really added. Feels bad
                    Are you talking about 1.0 ? Because they added temtem after the early access release

Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player
                        I liked TemTem but it’s just Pokémon with some QoL changes. There’s very little innovation there.
                            And it's all I need.

Contrary to everyone I'm a fan of the base pokemon formula, I just wanted more combat, more difficulty, a more mature story  and more base length.

Which is everything temtem did. 

I always repeated that temtem with the pokemon license would have been perfect
                            [deleted]
                        When people talk about temtem not adding new temtem it's usually post 1.0 release as, of course with every island new temtem came out. 

>Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player

This just isn't true. It didn't get that much good press. It was mostly just "this is an upcoming pokemon clone game that does things well" and it had, as far as I can remember, literally no advertising. A lot of people also didn't think it was that great with the biggest criticisms being the always double battles (which I saw as a plus, I prefer doubles) and the breeding system was ass. The fact that early access also lasted so long gave time for hype to die down. When it comes to games that focus on being an actual pokemon clone there is a very high expectation you have to meet (one that the pokemon games don't even meet anymore but they get a pass from rabid fans). 

Most of what I saw was people lambasting the game  for slow updates, squandering of potential and unneeded nerfs/market control when none was needed. It feels like temtem wanted to be the pokemon game everyone wanted (an actual pokemon mmo) but didn't want to put the effort in to keep it rolling. It should have been a single-player game with coop and trading. And also ditched the MTX, I think it would have been better received. Forcing it to be an always online MMO and then not doing anything after the fact other than cosmetics is the main reason the game stayed irrelevant.
            Basically, yes. Since the kickstarter days they have always said "this is the game, no new maps, no new story, no new tems after version 1.0". They also constantly ignored feedback from players and even managed to make the game worse in some aspects. The game is still active now but it's extremely small compared to what it could have been if the devs were a bit more interested in their own project. At this point it really looks like they made the game and immediately gave up on it
                Damn that's sad. I remember the hype around Temtem but I didn't get into it.
            Tbf they did add temtem during early access as more and more island released naturally, but once the final story island was released, they were very clear that there would be no new temtem outside of the last mystical.
                I played it before 1.0 but this is bizarre. I thought it was a semi live service that would receive constant updates, not a one off game. I guess they’re copying Pokemon there too.
                    Releasing a game and then that's it isn't inherently a bad thing and it's weird that it's become the norm to have constant stuff added, even more weird that them NOT constantly adding shit is a downside
                        You’re not exactly wrong, but since TemTem is an mmo it is pretty bad and weird to just say that’s it on launch. Why have an mmo if there’s nothing there to keep players outside of just PvP which will get stale, and shiny hunting? 

It’s a great one and done game, but an awful mmo.
                            Agree, I was shocked when people started caring about the "economy" like it's almost as if it's an mmo ONLY in that you see other players running around, it really shouldnt have the mad economy of an mmo
            Temtem devs blew all of their money on hookers lmao, and it's not even a joke. I'm never playing anything from those devs ever again, and I regret buying Temtem during early access because they didn't do any kind of reset and only cared what the top 0.1% of players were saying, thus the economy in that game is completely fucked.
            Yeah, they advertised TemTem as MMO, but don't want to add new regions and TemTems. Pissed of a lot of players I think.

Playing through the campaign is still nice though.
        Honestly seeing “more Pals” on the roadmap was a surprise, but a welcome one. The 111 they have is a pretty solid starting number, but I’ll happily take more.

Same with more islands—the current map us already pretty big, but more to explore is good. Hopefully they increase base number (especially for guilds), too.
            I really appreciate the designs so far, so I’m in no rush for needing more pals. But the fact that they are stating they want to add more is significant to me. 

Moar bases would be nice for sure. Do bases go up in size at all later? Or is the starting boundary as big as they go?
                Size stays the same sadly
        Not sure how far you’ve gotten but there’s a spot at the bottom of the mountain that’s completely empty, never even saw any thugs. It reminds me of grounded with these empty areas and so far I’ve found two just empty areas. Hopefully these areas are where they’re gonna add new pals. It’s obvious they have some things done in the area like egg spawns and I’ve seen a few cave entrances that are just a wall of odd colored terrain blocking the area off.
            I believe those weird looking cave entrances are where dungeon entries can spawn.
    I love the game and the roadmap, but having a roadmap, and executing it in a timely manner are two separate things and executing parts of it in a timely manner is I think the most important part.  It's the only thing that has me unsure, but just like the game itself blew away all my expectations I hope they can do that here too.  I'm just not as quick to celebrate these situations anymore until I see results.  I will however say knowing that they can accurately list a bunch of things that sound great and aren't completely aimless in goal or saying things that kill hype like another poster mentioned temtem did and that has me cautiously optimistic.  I'll just go mine ore until they throw out these updates
        Yeah just look at valheim
I just wanna be able to not have to make a new character when I enter my gfs/friends world
    Yeah honestly that's my #1 wishlist feature, for character saves to be world agnostic. Obviously I don't know how they have structured things but I'd love to work on my Pals in single player when my friend (who hosts our game) isn't available

EDIT:

"Agnostic, in an information technology (IT) context, refers to something that is generalized so that it is interoperable among various systems"
        I just bought a third party server sub and have it running 24/7. When we log back in our pals have always made a ton of shit for us
            Is there any documentation what is happenig in the world when no player is connected?
                The same stuff that happens when you're logged in :o
                    So my base can get raided?

Only played 4 hours so far. Since I don't know what can happen, I turned off my server after I've finished :D
                        Raids only happen when a player is at a base. If you aren’t on the server… I don’t think it’s possible to be raided!
                        The raid AI is pretty bad anyway, half them don't make it to my base due to pathing if you place it near a cliff ledge. Etc
                        TBF my Pals do way more vs raids than I do seemingly lol
    You can copy and paste your player file into your friends server if you know where your player folder is and if they know where there’s are. 


I’m hosting the server my friends and I use and if they’ve already been playing co-op, they can just send me their player file and I can paste it in
        That does not work if they were hosting their own world as that file named 0000000000000000001.sav is encoded differently.
            I haven't tried it, but there are ways to go around that. I believe some GitHub scripts exist already to do exactly this using Python


*Edit: found one https://github.com/cheahjs/palworld-save-tools
        Sent a DM!
        does this work accross xbox to steam saves?
    This is how Valheim worked and it really benefited from it. On earlier games we just had a lot of stuff saved on our respective worlds and it was easier to grab your gear from your own save than recreate it all.
    My character keeps getting deleted from the official servers
    Does the server migration bullet point target this? Or is that a separate thing? Not to handy with terms but this is easily the biggest thing for me as well
It’s still early access, the roadmap doesn’t have to be extensive right now just to satiate the needy.

Let them cook.
    I'd rather the devs commit to a smaller list instead of pulling a Valheim and completely over promising
        They honestly just need to fix all the junk and clunkiness right now. Make it feel polished then add content, otherwise it will just get bad and once you tie the buggy systems to new systems, fixing them will slowly progress into impossibility. Content will make the game feel fresh longer, but some huge new update will not feel good if it's just for the new mobs to clip into stones or a new boss chasing you infinitly while your pals cheese him because the short range melee attack has no time out on agro.
    Yeah, It's basically 50 devs with 7 Millions playerbase.

Now they'l have to somehow find a way to carry this sucess.

We should be understanding as long as they are open with us and not selling some garbage season pass.
Not sure if in the minority here, but I really want them to update/fix the building mechanics lol. The limitations they put on placing foundations and not being able to build downwards makes me scream into the void. I want to build a nice fort on a cliff but I cant with the way the building works ;-;
    How about the fact that you can't place the slanted roofs on TOP of walls. There are a lot of weird issues with object placement and clipping that get very frustrating if you actually want to build something.
        I have played a couple of hours and the most challenging part was building roofs over my hut...
    Why the hell can’t I build a breeding farm on foundation?  😤
        You can but it's a bit hacky, you need to aim upwards, towards the sky a bit. For some reason if you're looking directly at the ground it's red
I just wanna build into the side of a cliff without inconsistent overlapping issues. I have this prime location for my hot springs and I'd hate to move it to make more room for production. I am an architect in this game, dammit. Half walls and columns would be tight, too.


(I'm having too much fun)
    desperately need half walls and columns, arch pieces and gates the size of a normal wall would also be sick
        I'd just like to be able to snap a gate into a structure, so I can have a Pal Barn.
        Yes! And things to make walls look a little less flat would be nice. 
    Yeah me and my friend had the same problem

Found a really cool cliff face to build a base around but the building is super inconsistent when it comes to overlapping/placed on the ground making it very hard to get it right

Would honestly just love a disable building restrictions mod/option
        Theres a couple mods for that on nexus mods
    How do you build into the side of a cliff? Don’t the foundations need to be touching the ground?
        AFAIK (not OP), after setting the actual foundations on the ground, the 2nd floors and up are made of well-placed roofs and walls.
I play on Xbox so I’m quite glad it’s getting updated
    I first played on my girlfriends xbox since she has gamepass, then bought it for PC, and was kind of stunned at some of the differences.
    Currently I cannot play on my Xbox X without it overheating… something is going on that it is just trying to push the console too far
        My series x never crashes on solos but when someone joins me it lags for a sec then sometimes crashes. Only normally when I get someone to join
    I just hope we can move our data to a dedicated server.
    Yeah I just want to be able to name my pals
Definitely prioritize path ai stuff.

The others, they can take their sweet time
    The path AI is so terrible, but I find it amusing.
    You know what's the best content they can add? Steam workshop support for mods, once they have base game done well enough. Let the players make content in-between theirs like Ark, RimWorld, Terraria etc and focus on making the game feel and play well enough first.
        100% this, I love the game and apart from the few obvious issues that they are looking to address straight away, there is alot of QOL issues that modders could easily bang out quickly (Please for the love of god let me search and sort my pal box by passive traits)
NEW PALS is such a huge thing. 

I heard from people who played Temtem that the Devs decided not to add any new temtems for the forseable future, and that really stinks for the type of Game Temtem is. So I'm happy Palworld is gonna be adding new Pals.
    IIRC, they announced more pals coming at the end of Early Access. I think they are prioritizing bugs, performance, and mechanics for now before they start adding even more content.
    I've heard there's unused pals in the files, at least one I've seen.
To be honest for the developers this must feel like an unimaginable amount of stress. As an indie developer who learned making games on the go while they made this suddenly becomes one of the most successful single player game. It must be ecstatic, but at the same time they know they need to update the game with a ton of stuff in a reasonable time, they need to please the fans, meet deadlines, hire developers so they can be efficient, they need to address bug reports, replicating and fixing bugs in a reasonable time, communicating with the players. It's extremely hard for little studios if they have this success overnight, because they can ruin it pretty fast, or making it one of the best games also. I hope they can handle it because the game is awesome and i just hope this isn't too stressful for them
    I mean, they've already made their success, so they could also just cut and run now, and not spend all that extra money trying to improve it further.

Hopefully they don't, but you never know.
        This game looks like a passion project, you don't abandon a passion project just like that i think.
            Money changes things. They're now in the big leagues now with how much success they've had in such a short period of time, and who knows if they have the ability to deal with things. They have money to reinvest into the company, but can they do it quick enough to fix bugs and such in a timely manner.

I'm sure there's a lot of stress, anxiety, fear, excitement, etc. I can't imagine what the people in that company are going through. I know they've gotten death threats from Pokemon fans, and there seems to be endless amounts of criticism for being too much like Pokemon, Ark, Rust, etc.
                I think one thing to remember is that game developing studios are still companies at the end of the day. The owners will be the ones getting rich. The executives will get big bonuses. The devs will get bonuses too but likely will not become rich from this. It seems the CEO is the owner of PocketPair as well. The owner is now very rich but the employees of pocketpair will continue to receive their agreed upon salaries. It's probably exciting and stressful for the devs now that they have all eyes on them but it's still regular days as a game dev.
Let fucking go 😇
    That typo makes it sound like you want us to kill ourselves lmao
        Who gave Depresso an iPhone?!
        yeah.... sounds like...
Add fishing
    We need like fish pals and underwater pals in general 

Actually maybe a underwater map
        Underwater mapping would be cool as fuck, right now the water is just an obstacle to get around, I hope they go in that direction.
        I feel like underwater would be a whole ass expansion after 1.0.
        As a fire pal tamer I disagree. We need magma fishing.
    In the original trailer, it showed you can put a jolthog (?) in the water and electrify the water, that’s kinda fishing
        Sounds like Warframe fortuna fishing. We use electric spears to catch robot fish.
            I could never get into Warframe but stuff like this sounds pretty cool
                There were times I spent all day on the world maps just to gather resources b/c they involved clever little mini games like that.
        That's redneck fishing
        \*Tosses a grenade into the lake.\*
    Bro fishing would make me so happy. I'd love for like 30 to 40 Pals of varying rarity to be able to be fished up from various parts of the map.

I'd be doing just that for weeks.
    Another little thing like this I really want is the ability to drop food for Pals to befriend them. Berries for some, meat for others, etc.
    You know what they say...

"It's not a game without a fishing minigame!"
I often find I throw a pal out during combat and they are just looking at me like "wtf you want me to do?"
    Do you use commands? I was having the same issue until I started using commands
        Speaking of commands: Give us more options to control the pals. Stuff like "defend me" that will only attack pals that attacked us first, or "non lethal" that will stop attacking if it's likely to kill the target. And also "attack anything you see" which apparently isn't what the current command does.
            'non-lethal' command would be amazing
                And like, it's fine if they're a little overly cautious too. But some enemies are too strong to bring down with just weapons, but pals tend to be a little... Messy, with their attacks. Half the time, I need to throw a low level sphere to give the enemy a time out, then command my pal to chill out. 
    I play on PC so I don't know what the equivalent is on consoles, but you can press 4 and switch between "don't attack, attack my target, and (a third option)".
Solid but think pvp stuff should take a backseat to endgame and expansive content. Pvp ican be very divisive in games like this.  It needs a lot of thought and prep to do properly, or it stands a big chance yo alienate a fair portion of the player base.
    I agree.  There are a ton of QoL updates I would like to see over PvP
    Ngl, id be happy if they didnt add pvp at all. Im personally so tired of every game having to feel like there needs to be pvp. Too many times does a game with it, have it get prioritized over the pve content and its just so....blaahhh. ruins the game a bit tbh. Not everything has to have pvp.
PC keybinds please! Scrolling through weapons sucks.
    THIS. There's a reason literally every other survival game has a hot bar. I can't stand that I have to scroll through my tools and having to memorize the order. It's not too bad though... because you can only equip 4 tools at a time? So if I have a pick, axe, melee, and ranged weapon I can't equip anything else without opening up my inventory? What about my grapple hook? Or if I want a second weapon between reloading? It's frustrating tbh.

&#x200B;

I guess it's because the number keys are locked to Pals? I feel like the easiest solution is let me middle click to open a tool wheel. That would honestly fix everything.
        Things like grapple hook should be made into a core item like the glider with its own slot.  Then I would use it.
Ima gnna be honest here, I love this game and I’ve been absolutely addicted, I’m almost level 40, but PvP is not going to do this game any favours. The controls and gameplay systems aren’t good enough, and it’s going to be janky and feel outdated as hell.

They need to focus on story and PvE elements, as well as making that experience better, because the enemy AI is laughable right now.
    Completely agree, also the amount of greifing you can do easily with rocket launchers and grenade pals and the time it takes to rebuild will make pvp a mess. This game makes more sense being cooperative.
        The devs are on the record having said "the PvP will not be like Ark or Rust" so we don't actually know what they will implement
            I really hope not, because rolling up to a base with a rocket launcher and demolishing everything in sight is waaaay too easy. Also, with hacks even now available... it will again attract the lowest common denominator scum.
                I Think it Will be like a PVP arena of some sort. I hope so.
                    That would be perfect. Specially if they implement server hoping, a Terraria like feature, I can build my base in peace and go to a Gym/Arena/whatever and challenge another player to a pal battle.
                    My vote would be an extraction shooter island with some rare or unique pals/loot farming for pal souls or something.

Restrict building on there, and have some sort of balance system to equalize for level differences. Or make the Pals you catch there extremely strong while you're in the zone so people are incentivized to fight with what you catch there before you take them out of the zone.
                    If it's anything like Monster Rancher 2's arena tournaments that'd be awesome. Would work for PVP and PVE content.
                If you think that’s easy, wait till you get Mossanda Lux’s or Relaxasaurus’ saddle.. you could literally have a squad of guys on the back of giant blue squishy dinos roll up and spam infinite launchers on you. There’s no way that’s the route they go.
        I think this point isn't something to be worried about, they have it listed as a "PVP **arena**" I don't think it's going to be like typical rust/ark likes where the PVP will be able to happen in the overworld. I don't see "base raiding" being a thing players can do to each other with how easily someone could destroy a base and such with a single attack. And then add in that you can just fly over a base and be able to attack from the skies and then the whole idea falls apart since we currently have no actual anti-air.
    i imagine the pvp arena being like digimon championship where the ai just fumble and smash into each other or do stupid things while you and your opponent just watch. I don't think there's any serious depth to combat in this game, the foundation just isn't there. with pvp with other humans though, perhaps base raiding can at least be funny, like age of empires sorta but not really.
    I agree I do not think this game needs pvp at all. I believe it will do more bad than good for the game.
        The game does need arena pal pvp in my opinion but nothing else outside the arena. I want pokemon battles against friends, not shooting rockets at their base. 
        But imagine capturing your friends' avatars in a palsphere, and having them work at your base. Obviously your friend would just respawn, but having their avatar as a pal would be....something.
    The movement system of both pals and players needs an entire revamp if they want pvp. In its current iteration it's pretty janky. 

Otherwise, pvp is something I'm probably going to stay away from. That's not what I look for in my survival games.
    [deleted]
I haven't even downloaded it yet but I can't wait until I can and to play it! Question: it's RM 64.80 (13.70 USD) for me due to a special promotion on Steam right now but what is the original price of the game if Steam didn't have this promotion? And would the update increase the price of the game? Sorry, I never bought anything from Steam before so I'm a bit new to things 😅

Edit: Ok, thanks for the info everyone ☺️
    They said it's 29.99 USD, and has a 10% discount for now. Regional pricing applies so it's cheaper in some regions
    It’s on a 10% discount at the minute & that ends tomorrow. On Steam you should be able to see the original price crossed out & the sale price beside it. 

Usually when games leave early access their price increases - but it’s a case by case basis. It’s highly unlikely if/when it leaves early access that it’ll be a full priced $60+ game though. That’s speculative though. 
    Its currently 30 USD on Steam without sales. Usually updates don't increase the price of a game untill the game officially comes out of early access to a full release. But, that is kinda up to the publisher.
    its an early access pricing they might bump it up in the future
    Looks like they underpriced your region. Better to buy it now because you'll never see it that cheap again once it's fixed
I'd like more outfits and dont care for pvp
    I want more options for the lady characters. They have only like three faces and only a few hairstyles that look somewhat similar

Also R.I.P no long hair options
        Lol, the gear no matter what weather it is. Short dress with no protection.  Ooo and the pretty blue and red feather head gear. Lol
        and the male characters are all either anime little boy or grizzled guy with cheekbones sharper than scalpels. 

None of the heads seem to fit the bodies.
    Agreed. I feel as though the game should lean into it's strengths such as more boss battles, more in depth survival/crafting, more RPG elements such as perks for greater build variety, more pals with better AI, and more QOL such as being able to map my crouch to my DAMN MACRO lmao

PVP is usually a terrible choice for the community of games like this. It almost always turns toxic as hell unless you play exclusively on a private server. Ark is a perfect example and, given how much this game is clearly inspired by some of the concepts, I could see it going the same way. V Rising and Rust are also great examples of games that appealed to the PVP bandwagon and had their communities suffer as a result. Valheim, Project Zomboid, and DRG are great examples of how focusing on PVE content and encouraging cooperation can lead to some awesome, wholesome player bases. These are admittedly cherry picked examples and there are always exceptions to the rules, but the trend seems clear when viewed as a whole. 

It's not my game and I know the devs will do what they want at the end of the day, but I feel like incentivizing group play dynamics and focusing on PVE/ CO-OP content leads to much better outcomes for the player base in the long run due to its subliminal focus on cooperation instead of competition. 

For example, maybe they could add in some merchant stalls where players can trade with one another on servers, give more incentives and rewards for assisting other players with boss battles (like the Sun Bros in Dark Souls), add in further controls for the automation of the Pals (work priorities), more cosmetic and building options, an actual story/ lore, etc.

I'm super stoked for the game and love it to death so far, but PVP in survival/ crafting games like this has far too many rewards for other players being toxic as hell and seeing it on the roadmap as one of their first priorities gives me a good amount of pause for the future... Even if they make it "opt-in", they will still wind up doing what V Rising did by having to juggle making alterations to the PVE gameplay to accommodate the PVP playerbase and vice versa. I hope they can navigate that and hope for nothing but the best for the game. It has entirely too much potential to fuck up the execution.
    Or let us paint/decorate our pals
    [You](https://imgflip.com/i/8dgm4s)
I hope server & network optimizations are included in this
I think individual assignments for Pals would be great, just assign a Pal to do a job and they'll do it forever. And resource sharing between bases is a must.
On god the only thing I want added to the game rn is a fucking "deposit all" button with how schizo the Pals store things in your base
    It seems to always be the closest chest to where they pick up items. I've found placing chests right next to Mining / Logging / Ranch spots clears up alot of the Pals item clutter. The only items that end up in chests randomly are those left on the ground getting hauled. Storage Rules would be awesome!
        I lust for an option to restrict what goes in each chest.
        Thanks for the tip!
    An advanced tech item that links base inventories.  Moving large amounts of materials between bases is a passion.
        My crew was messing with ideas for a mod that let you make Pal Convoys between bases to transport materials back and forth.  Linking inventories would be the easy way, but the base building optimizer in me wants to have trade caravans.
    Omfg yes 😭 my stuff is never organized because my pals store them anywhere and everywhere
    Press R? 
    tfw I have a stones and wood chest right near their stations but one of my pals will take extreme effort to carry 3 pieces of them to a far away empty slot in another chest like bruh
    Such a pain in the ass. I have to make sure my chests are full to ensure they don't start building mountains or a forest in a another chests because they apparently don't like my chest where I keep my rock and wood in.
    Auto sort to chests has to be a feature, it's easy to keep Pals putting stuff in the right place by putting chests next to their stations, but you pick up so much stuff that you just have rows of chests & it's not like other games where you're picking up basically an even amount of every type of item - most of your chests are going to be full of eggs.
Devs who actually acknowledge bugs and are willing to improve their game. And on top of that they are creating new content for free.
That one big Japanese studio who develop another monster collection game could never do that.
    The bigger you are the slower you move
        Gamefreak's problem is actually the opposite. They seem to refuse to expand their team to have the capacity to do what is needed. They are forced to make games to line up with the schedule of the anime and instead of building a robust team or pushing back on that requirement they just shovel out the same lazy product with a few colorful stickers slapped on to make it look new and as they are forced to deal with more and more advanced systems their slapshod efforts become buggier and buggier.
    Well its not really new content for free. Its early access, its implied that all the content the game will have at full launch won’t be there early on in early access
Really stretching the word roadmap there.
    shrill telephone heavy zonked plate summer tender alive hateful wild

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
        Yeah sure I'm not in disagreement with the overall sentiment but that doesn't make it a roadmap. It's more of a wish/goal list.
            Sure but roadmap probably translates across languages more succinctly and after all it's about optics. They are probably stressing hard behind the scenes trying to expand their team with the right talent. If they're lucky they've already found a few decent acquisitions but they are yet to start working with the build and so they can't guarantee the expanded team will work efficiently together or not run into certain road(map)blocks.
                Experience needed: 5 - 10 years using USB based version control.
                    -Are you experienced in bucket ?

-bitbucket ?

-no bucket
                    Nice to have: Creative vision
            I think the existance of priorities makes it count.
    This is their early access roadmap. I'm fairly sure it's to show people what they plan to do to get it to full release. In that regard I'm surprised it even mentions any new content at all. I think a lot of people are forgetting this game is in early access
    Hey, what do you want to know more than now, soon and later??? /s
    "Early Access" Roadmap. they are working on it
    Yup... The community is desperate for anything right now though.
        Are you guys already done?? I've played 25 hours and still only defeated Zoe. Sure I have another 10 on my gamepass world but DAMN. Yall be consuming like crazy
            We're the same person. I beat Zoe so far and have about 25 hours in. I honestly couldn't even tell you where any other main bosses are yet. I've got plenty of hours left in this game.
                I'm at about the same point and I've seen one more tower. Seen, not reached. It's still something I can see only from the top of a mountain lol
                    Exactly! I guess if you beeline towers that would quicken things up but I'm too worried about getting bodied by a tocotoco or sonething
            40 hours, level 23.  

I’ve cheesed some towers and dungeons.  Haven’t started breeding yet.  Done a lot of exploring and hitting fast travels, but I still haven’t seen all of the map.  No second base yet.  

My buddy is just building his base intricately and he’s like level 15.  Taking his time.  

I feel like I’ve gone hard in the paint.  People ahead of me either have no job or are avoiding work more so than I am (wfh).  I’d say they’re farther down on the obsessive spectrum from me, leaning towards problematic.  Lol.  

If people are crying for more right now, I’d strongly encourage them to touch grass or go to the gym.
                I made a dessert outpost super basic so I can fast travel other then that I've been figuring out the ai jank and have almost finished working our the perfect layout for my future final base. Starfiekd I had to do the same thing with ship building lol
        The fuck? Almost nobody is done with the game
        This game came out less than a week ago LMAO
    well 7mil people waiting for something haha
    They aren't your typical dev team. So kind of expect it, at least they seem to have an idea of the direction they want the full release to be. The games are surprisingly solid all considering, compared to many AAA and such games. The main concern is them deciding to get too ambitious after seeing all the money flowing in and biting themself in the ass for it.
    Maybe but it hasnt even been a week since release
One simple idea, some sort of potion you can give your pal, so it can only use one of its abilities until you give it the other potion to reset it. 

Like, The Berry Bunny. I want it to plant crops. IT wants to lounge around on the farm dropping berries all over the place. If I could make it ONLY a planter, it would be cool. And hey, maybe you WANT your big bunny to just hang out in the ranch and leave the planting duties to someone else? 

Could help a lot with the cats early game, if you want them to mine, but they want to run around doing all sorts of stuff. I'm thinking you could mix it with some berries, lamball meat, and a chicken egg, if you want it to be some early game thing. If you want it to be an investment, just make it use 20 of everything.
    Have it utilize the pedastool, the description for it made me think it would let you micromanage, but all it does is set how much of a slave driver you wanna be.
        I was so disappointed after I built that. I've never used it. I'm not evil. These guys aren't slaves, they're family. 

Maybe add it to an upgraded version of that. A full on Gazebo.
            Oh you guys are seeing them as family….
                yep family business. its how you get free labor
            We removed it from our base was so pointless as much as I want them to work hard I don't wanna deal with broken bones and depressed pals
                I'm legitimately curious if judicious use of the medicine bench and max slave driver settings can pay off in the long run.
            Haha me too 

“Oh this tech lets me manage the pals, maybe I can get the miners to mine ore rather than pulling them off the stone quarry all the time”

“Wait…that was fucking stupid”
    Not sure about it being a food item, but yeah job priorities are a must! I'd like to see it as a work station (maybe Managers Desk) we place similar to the Watch Platform to adjust Forced Work.
    Yeh you should just be able to permanently prioritise certain abilities.
    A menu at each station just to assign pals permanently to it would be ideal
This is awesome, covers almost everything I was hoping for. I know it's unlikely given it's a lot of work but I hope it comes soon while the iron is still hot.
I might be alone here, but i really kind of hope they add a feature to MOVE already built stuff without needing to completely destroy it. Like the palbox itself. I wanna adjust the position of mine just a bit.....dont wanna destroy my entire base just to do so. :/
Need an option to tell my Pal "Dont kill when HP is low on the catching Pal".
Please just fix the auto attack bug.  I don't care that the Pals don't know how to organize things, or better yet create an attribute for a Pal who can act as Quartermaster and be responsible for organizing things around your base.
[deleted]
The only update I need is for pals to deliver materials to the chest that already has some of those materials.
I can't believe that I read comments which are unsatisfied with this roadmap. Guys, this game relesed in a better state then any of us could have hoped for. Honestly, it is even in a better state then I thought it would reach even after a full release.

The game isn't perfect and the devs aknowledged that, assuring us to fix those issues first and then gave us a glimps of what we can expect. Which is a BUNCH of new content. Just a couple of days after the release.  


We should appreciate the transperency and vast communication of the devs, as this isn't a given nowadays. Can't wait for the future of this game
    Yeah gamers these days are probably the most insufferable people on the planet. Entitled would be another word that fits. Gamers used to be bunch of cool people who love to talk about games with each other. Now they sit around on reddit bitching, whining and moaning. Nothing is good enough for them and it's irritating as hell.

I personally think it's an awesome road map for an awesome game. i'm glad they're communicating with the community unlike a lot of gaming developers.
    Bro they basically just said "We will be adding more stuff"

You dont need to wax poetic about it
I hope they plan on increase the base size. I'm starting to realize a lot of the production benches are huge.
Needs PvE not just PvP
Ditch the inevitably jank grieffest PvP and focus on the Pal Arena. The only solid potential for that is in classic P*mon battles with rules and sportsmanship.
To be perfectly honest, I’d just be happy with the critical issues being addressed and the AI improvement in general. There’s still so much to experience in the game in it’s current state. Maybe some server improvements, but that falls under a “critical issue” in my personal opinion. Playing the game with friends just makes it so much more fun. Even solo the game is great though.
I’m hoping that the “server transfers and migration” mean that I can join a friend’s server even if they aren’t playing. My only complaint so far about the game Is that I hate that I can’t play the main server my friend and I created when he’s offline because he’s the one who started it.
Please add snapping to foundations at the bottom of stairs. As it stands its almost impossible to make any split level building without eyeballing where to put a foundation. Like I built on a plateau and want to build a stair case from the bottom to the top for a split level style house. But stairs only go one level down before they require support, and since foundations don't snap to the stairs there's no way to continue building a floor on the new level without trying to eyeball it which can be frustrating since you can only raise the elevation of the foundation when you're stood far away.
Please let me increase the text size! I'm blind as hell and can't read it
Just let me name my boys on Xbox 🥺
Personally I wish they didn't do PvP, getting sick of PvP, PvE with co-op is perfect just keep building on that. I feel like PvP is just gonna screw the game up and make PvE feel dull, it's going to be so heavily focused on PvP that the PvE is going to take a backseat.

The balance(This is a big one), open world content, just about everything is going to be screwed up/dumbed down in order to make PvP work.

There's a reason many open world games that have PvP shoved into them have a lackluster PvE.
I was really hoping the Pal management post you can unlock and build would let me assign pals to certain tasks or something of the sort. To find out it was only "Work, Work harder, and Never stop working". For balance sake I think it would make a lot of sense that the pal management would be something you unlock, hope thats added in the future along with general AI improvements.
Suggestion:  
Give us an extra method to assign pals that isn't picking them up and throwing them at it. We unlock some sort of command station early on, but it just makes you overwork your palls? That station would be far better suited to assigning Pals to tasks using a top-down minimap of the base to drag icons of pals to said tasks.  
Maybe even a tierlist of priorities in case they have multiple functions, example watering palls. N1 priority, watering farm, secondary priority, using the crusher/miller.
I think that there are enough Pals as of now; In fact, the lack of diversity in most of the geography of the current single map added to the multitude of creatures readily available makes a lot of said creatures redundant and/or uninteresting/irrelevant. I would focus on making some of those current creatures more appealing and functional before moving on to new creature content.

Technologies should definitely be a focus, especially when it comes to building. Thankfully, this seems to be ahead already.

*Pal storage, for example, is kinda bad as of now (you either store them individually in an infinitely large "pouch" or use one of your few Guild base slots and also clutter the server and the screens of players with creatures).*

*Building aesthetic is very limited as well.*
A small consideration:  


Can we get an option to stop the UI from fading out?  


I know that my playgroup like to have that information but find it annoying that we have to keep aiming periodically to get it to pop back up.
We need the ability to merge bases together into a larger base. Let us place another palbox somewhere nearby outside the border to extend it and count the entire area as a single base. Or add a base extender available at higher levels that can do the same thing. That would make basing certain areas so much easier and would help with the issue of bases being too cramped for larger pals.

I would love to see an option for partially clipping foundations and walls into terrain. The current system is very limited as far as where you can build, and keeps us from being able to build things like smooth staircases, example area being the broken stairs in the back area of the starting ruins, leading down to the small beach. A togglable snap to grid option would also help a lot with keeping things tidy and lining things up with terrain, especially if we could choose a grid origin and direction to align with.
Mods help a lot and make it more enjoyable, but having it properly supported would be amazing. Could also help with AI pathfinding somewhat.

Would also be great if some of the larger pals could actually carry large loads for transporting items between areas by giving them an inventory that can be accessed by an interaction instead of just boosting the players carry weight, especially Mammorest in particular because its companion skill is really useless and doesn't really fit it's description that well. Adding a player sized inventory that scales its weight limit with its level and work speed and drops as a large bag on the ground if it is recalled or defeated would give them a lot more use for transportation of supplies from one base to another, and would greatly expand that area of gameplay, even allowing for a more nomadic playstyle for those interested in such. The idea of using a Mammorest as a mobile convoy would make them actually worth the insane effort it takes to capture one, especially early on where it would be most useful. Just completely remove all work suitabilities from it in exchange since it is just too big to effectively work in bases anyways.

My idea of a perfect use for it would be that saddle would make Mammorest follow the player and act as a portable large inventory, but when deployed as such cannot actually fight and is vulnerable to attack. You would need to deploy it in combat if you want it to fight, which would also cause it to drop its cargo on the ground in a large bag.

In that note, we should also be able to toggle certain key items on and off. Specifically, the lantern and the items that allow pals to follow us when not deployed. Being stuck with them permanently on is a pain, and it shouldn't be hard to add a simple toggle in the inventory.
Can't wait for future updates to this game, especially after playing it together at my cousin's house on his PC. But with that said I'm actually forced to wait for a long time anyway since I can't actually play the game without lagging so much in my current 8gb RAM PC... 😅
    My fellow 8GB gang 🤝
    I've only got 8GB on my current laptop and it seems to be working fine. Admittedly I'm only like 30mins-1 hour in
        The Ram usage tends to go up really quick on anyone hosting / on the computer that is playing the single player campaign when folks start exploring.

I had a player teleport on my  dedicated server to a fast travel point no one was at after restart, and ram usage shotup 800mb. Coming back to it later didnt increase it as much.

Even after leaving a location it seems it likes to keep everything in memory, so eventually you will cap out and start having oddities like capture balls not completing capture animations, and etc. Fix for that is just restarting, but oh boy in a server with 10 people, 16 gb of ram definitely is not enough when folks reach later levels to start exploring around
            The game has a pretty serious memory leak. I am running a dedicated server with 32 gb of ram and I have to restart the docker container every day so that it doesn't fill my entire 500GB ssd with a swap file.
    Fellow 8gb gang here was so eager to play this one yesterday only to find out the minimum spec requires 16gb. I still tried playing it though and was surprised to see it work but barely with low graphic settings... I don't think I can enjoy playing the game as of now especially when FPS dips down below 30 and even lower than 20 during fight animations and sometimes whenever I move the camera to look around. Looks like playing this game with my friends is gonna be a long long wait from here.
Pal arena sounds so cool
Any word on new cosmetics (so that I can make a more unique looking player character?)
GOTY 2024
Anyone else having an issue where enemy’s wont attack you and just swarm around you til you’re clipping inside of them?
Omg pvp arena. Literally doing everything we all wanted from game freak. Whoever created this deserves a novel piece prize
A team of devs that actually have a solid roadmap that focuses on quality over quantity. Holy shit.
Make it to where the podium also let's us tell each pal to do a specific task or to help build etc.
Can we get a toggle option instead of hold for crafting? pretty please?
Base management feels like taking care of a bunch of hyper toddlers throwing temper tantrums lol
what I really hope we get is a priority system for each individual pal. Like the Rimworld one. Tired of Pals wanting to use their 1skill or a 3 or 4...
If they can fix the issue where my world can stop getting deleted every time my game crashes I would really appreciate it
\+ 1 to backseat pvp and focus on inproving crafting / AI and things that already make the game fantastic.  shoutout to the dev<3  dont stress, we are down for the journey!
I just want corner roof tiles
Can we make the defensive wall able to click ti each other, I want to build a simple mega castle and not aligning each piece till I lose my mind
Just don't sell it to AE or any other shitty company, work at your peace and listening the most sounding community criticism.
Please devs dont give up on this game. Its been a long time since a game has come around that i was completely stoked about when it was announced and hat has actually met my expectations. Especially for $40.
I see a lot of complaints with pals running off and doing their own thing. One thing I found that helps was building a zoo like setting on my base. Using the defensive walls, I sectioned off areas and delegated each area with a specific "task" farming, logging, mining, etc... 

It helps maintain an organized storage, pals running off for no reason or doing unwanted task. 

Try it out and let me know how it works for you!
Here's hoping we can carry sixth pal at some point. Or, dare to dream, seven!
Honestly, being able to go into a friend's world with your current character and party would be great.
I really hope they add a rich underwater environment in the future. That would give water mounts an actual use.
Looking forward to the building updates. Like, I want to be able to move my territory borders without having to breakdown my entire habitat. Or flip objects around vertically. More flexible building (eg. Flush stairs into objects for better connection to floor points).
would love an option to sort pals via Work Traits in the palbox
Love everything they will do and fix, but i'm already so fuquin hyped about the new Islands and pals 😻
Pal arena sounds like a lot of fun, might be similar to duels. Lamball vs Lamball, who wins? 
I do wonder how pvp will be added into the gameworld. Personally I'm not a fan of having your base raided by other players (similar to Metal Gear Solid 5 and Rust). I'm not completely against pvp however do hope it won't affect any fun/progress I make in the game.
They smashed the mark even on the roadmap! Loving this game more and more!
No ps5 😭
When can we make clothing out of the Pals?
It hasn’t even been a week since release and they already sent out a roadmap. Big props!
Not sure pvp really works in this game.

Player A is sweaty with no job and plays 14 hours a day minimum, gets to high level with amazing pals in just 4 days.

Player B only has 4 hours a day to play, what a loser. only has about 1 day of progress to the other guys 4 days of progress. 

  
A server setting could fix this issue. Like servers that limit player log on time.

Player A will join the "unlimited time" server. They are ok with unbalanced pvp, losing to 20 hour a day play time players and embracing the FOMO that it brings. 

Player B will join the 5 hour a day server. 

&#x200B;

There could even be a thing where hours unspent roll over into the next day. So if player B misses 2 days on a 5 hour server, they have +10 hours on top of their 5 hour allowance.

&#x200B;

There could also be windows of time that players are allowed to log on as well.

so 5 hours per day with a 8 hour window.
honestly using the command station or whatever it was called you should be able to assign what pals do what so you dont get constant mixups you dont want in pals with multiple traits, would be GREAT, only a suggestion but something along those lines would be great because right now the command station/table thing is pretty limited and niche
Only thing i hope is telling my pale what skill to prioritise doing (kindling, lumbering etc)
Yes please fix the AI.  Those poor fools will get themselves stuck in places they shouldn't even be in and starve themselves or even just...fall off a cliff.
And please link the resources of all bases together.
after everything i've seen of ppl having a blast, got the game myself. finished playing after 3am not realizing that was the time XD

easy to see why its so dern popular and i'm so looking forward to what they've got cooking!
Some things I'd love to see.

*Filters for chests.* I'd like to have some chest only contain certain items Pals can harvest. Or just that pals will only put an item in a chest that already has that item in it. If no item, then the closest chest will be used. A 'stack to nearby chest' button would be nice to have as well.

*Pal workshop assignments.* Either that lil command post let me choose who does what, or have each workstation have a drop down selection for who can use it.

*AI pathing and Raid logic improvements.* Raids don't even happen because the raiders spawn above my base, and can't path down lower to reach me. Which is nice, but cheesy. 

Palworld is crazy good fun, I'm looking forward to seeing where it goes. Thank you devs for the amazing game you put forth!
I’m hoping the improved AI fixes the annoying glitch/issue where the pals won’t realise there’s a job there so it takes several redeploys or rebuilding of the thing to fix it. 

Also lets us designate jobs. My pals that are normally on harvest jobs (verdash) will suddenly fuck off and start cutting down trees. Or Anubis starts mining instead of helping to craft
Pvp will burst the bubble for a lot of players
    From what they said on discord the PvP will only be in a arena not open PvP.
Need some sort of UI to manage what pal is doing what. I am sick of having to throw the same dude over and over and he walking away from the task 10s later
Just goes to show you don't need a degree or a huge dev team and a deranged upper management to make a great game. Just passion for what you make. CEO of big companies have nothing to lose if they get rewarded with golden parachutes for failure.
My main issue is that every time I enter a cave, the game crashes, and the pals have odd pathing. (Looking at my azurobe somehow getting stuck INSIDE my house)

Other than that? No complaints so far
I'm hoping they add a way to prioritize what containers get what items, seeing as they keep putting my milk in the feed box no matter how far away I put it
Their plans are solid priorities. Beyond the current plans, does anyone else think the Pal types just aren't right. The basic elements are fine. To me, dark and dragon feel kind of off with it just being those two. I'm not saying copy Pokémon. It just feels like there should be a couple more types like those two.
I'm surprised no one suggested the "turn off production" option to mine, lumber and farms. 
I saw the "task manager" and the "box priority" and those are both great and I hope to see. But also the ability to turn off the mine and lumber would be great. Also for the breeding if you can just open a menu instead of trying to find the Pal and carry them to it. Also, why can't you choose a pal in your box instead of one that is working?
Has anyone else noticed that suddenly the “cancel” button is in Katakana?
I want to be able to recruit bosses after beating them (Legit without glitches) and improve my standing with certain groups and then have gang wars.

This is my wish.
Definitely need the AI pathing update, getting real tired of running out and seeing my Deer and two Dinossum sitting in the exact same spot exactly on the border of the base, and when i block off that spot they just move a tile to the right and ive ended up walling off the entire base and they just select a corner and just keep finding a spot closest to the border to sit and wait and do nothing instead of logging
I really hope they improve the optimization of the server. The recommended specifications for a server make hosting servers cost-prohibitive on things like AWS.

A 32GB RAM server on AWS costs $300/mo.
I would like to be able to sort Palbox by specific passive skills
Really hope they make a craftable device to put on dragon sized pets to shrink them down so using them in your base doesn't look so messed up.
is there any discord server or a plan to make one?
I just want my pals not to starve and go crazy when I am offline.
I play on PC using GamePass, is the roadmap for both the steam versions and the PC Gamepass version?
A way to sleep in the wild would be cool.
While exploring just puting up a sleeping bag of some sort to pass the night.
Games not even close to finished and still has more than scarlet and violet lol
https://www.gamesradar.com/palworld-dev-says-its-alright-to-stop-playing-if-youre-no-longer-playing-palworld-we-still-love-you-and-we-hope-youll-come-back-for-round-2/


Look how cute they are lol so nice love this,
I hope that they decrease the maintenance costs for armor. The game is starting to feel like "Ore Mining Simulator 2024" from all of the ingots I need to keep my armor in good condition.
The big thing that I want fixed right now is this stupid hunger mechanic.

It works fine in single player games but I just started renting a hosted server with my friends and if we don't go watch the pals at our secondary base eat, they all starve.  
And it only takes a couple real-world hours for this to happen.

We can't be constantly logging in to feed and take care of these little divas.

I am thinking about just turning hunger off until they get it sorted out.

Are there any other ways to deal with this that don't completely remove the mechanic from the game?  
I don't mind feeding them.  It's just untenable the way it is currently set up and I am getting really fucking tired of crafting medicine that only lasts 4 hours.
Insane RoadMap, PVP , endgame , arenas, better base geometry , zones and pals is all i want!

Great Game and Deserved Success
I hope they do something about the modder/admin abusers on Official Servers, twice now I've had a guy in my base blowing everything up with a rocket launcher before catching all my pals in front of me and then banning me from the server..
A better PAL management system, like task management and storage management, is my biggest QOL request.
It exciting to have a gotta catch them all game that can have new pals any update where as pokemon you know that you need to wait till next game in the series. This approach feels better to me
I hope they add a streamlined progression. And improved I game wiki.

Main quest just finished instantly after the tower kill which is easy in lvl10

J know this is a sandbox game but things like forced boss fight could happen similar to terraria.

For example ingredients like Sulphur should be added to the wiki that says this item can be found in this kind of areas etc.
I really hope they make pals move around more freely in the base, every 5 mins someone gets stuck on top of the silo or in some crevice.
I hope this loading screen thing gets fixed asap. Locked me out from playing with buddies on our own server for days now... Can't even start a new character
That's great!  


\*patiently waits for a fishing minigame
Seems like they’ll be addressing my biggest complaints, 

Pals just looking at me and not fighting while in combat.

Quality of life within the base(more organized storage systems, hopefully moving stuff without disassembling).
It’s great to see them focusing on the aspects that are causing the most issues. God this game is too good :D
My brother and I have played games together for the last 20 years. I’ve never heard him say, unironically, “this is the best game I’ve ever played”.
Can we get storage boxes that transfer items from base to base? That would be great. Being able to have a sulphur mine and a coal mine on base would be great, too.
Easier own dedicated setup please everyone just gets timed out... but yeah the rest is nice hah
1 thing that I've noticed is really buggy with ai transporting is milk... they keep picking it up and dropping it again
I'm sure everyone else has voiced my concerns. I'm very pleased with game. And wish the Devs the best on this journey.  I'm definitely going to be along for the ride. Great game, listen to your community and keep up the good work 👏
I hope they fix the dedicated server issues soon.  We have our own and its a mess.  Random save corruptions, massive memory leaks, guilds sometime break the whole game.  We have done a total wipe twice now due to corruption, I personally have been wiped or rolled back so many times now I just refuse to play anymore.  Ita really not fun losing days worth of progress multiple times in a row.

When we got hourly server backups running we found a pretty massive glitch with how guilds work.  If there is a person with a blank name in the guild it totally fucks the game up and will cause rolling player corruption.  The only solve we have is to have people log in one at a time and leave the guild until no one is left.  Now we can't even make new ones under the fear of guilds blowing the whole server up again.  Makes the point of being on a dedicated server pretty much pointless.
what does server transfer mean? Like we can keep our character/pals and like move them to other servers?
But also enemy human pathing too. They just run into walls and keep trying to run through them lol
Great communication from the developers! This is how you communicate with your fan base, especially a growing one!
Oh wow, an actual roadmap. Honestly thought they were just gonna ~~take the money and run~~ not update it and leave it to modders
As many others mentioned I really hope base size is improved based on level of each base (even if it's individual).

It's so hard to sometimes organise stuff into a set space.
For assigning tasks, we should be able to open up the menu we use to interact with a pal and have an “assign” option that lets us point and choose what task we want them to work on. Throwing them is too imprecise.
I feel like a big feature that’s missing is being able to invite a friend and his team into your world, maybe even let them chuck 20 pals in a box and bring them too. I don’t think you should be locked into a server to have to play together
Xbox steam, I don't want two versions of the game. Thank god.
The game is a finished product as is, if you think they are improving on what this is, other than adding superficial content, you are delusional.
I don't really care about PVP, but I'm glad they're communicating and have a roadmap planned. Let's just hope they stick to it.
Needs more PS5 version.
Has there been any news about a possible ps5 release when the game gets out of early access?
Valheim had a roadmap like that, too

3 years later and they still haven't done half of it

Never trust those things lol
The podium structure thing should be overhauled to allow you to edit your Pals work priority in addition to adjusting how hard they need to work. Let me set my Arsox to ONLY focus on smelting and cooking and leave the logging and torches alone.
I really hope they focus on refining and updating the current features before going off and adding new features. Base management needs a lot of love, hopefully Pal AI fixes can help with a lot, but could still use more.

Also this game needs right click menus, let me right click to pick whether to drop or equip something, and other types of context menus
Please, devs-at-large. *Please* enable MB3/4/5 for key bindings, I need a more ergonomic option for the perpetual “holding down the F key” claw hand. 

Also, y’know, allowing a rebind for more actions in general (such as the F “action” key rather than just the pal interaction aspect of it). 

I want to play more but accessibility is always a hassle with games. Please save my janky hands so I can spend more of my waking life staring into the Palworld abyss.
Ps5?
Could use some better targeting for tables/storages. Maybe something to cycle the available options near you. Currently I have to do a dance to try to get the right option if I have too many things near each other, or sometimes I'll just never be able to access that second cooking pot near a storage box.
PS5 when!?
Honestly I'd like to see some balance adjustments as well. Of course, the game is early access so I don't expect them to nail the numbers the first time around.

For example the green spheres really shouldn't have an ingot cost. I've noticed early on by the time you get enough industry setup to have the ingots to get bulk greens you're almost always able to craft yellows instead.

and some of the slow firing weapons are just bad compared to the faster weapons. Maybe a slight reload speed buff? Especially the musket. IMO the weapons kind of felt bad after the triple shot bow and then became fun again when you get your hands on the makeshift handgun and up.

I'd also like to see some buff skills. At the moment I think every skill in the game seems to just be a damage skill or damage + debuff. I'd like to see a skill where maybe a pal puts an attack buff on the ground and if you summon a new pal into it or walk into it yourself you get the buff applied. 

Last balance change I suggest would be rebalancing how the stats work. Attack is horrible. 10 levels of attack is just 20% more attack stat, I'm unsure how the formula works but if I wear 2 of the attack boosting necklaces I notice barely any damage increase at all. Mind you, 10 levels of HP more than doubles your health and 10 levels of stamina doubles your stamina and 10 levels of carry weight gives you 50% more capacity so attack really is the worst value per statpoint you can get.
Pal pathing is brutal man they need to be able to climb… the amount of these dumb mother fuckers  die to starvation after falling beneath a 2 foot ledge near the edge of my zone is just dump
Fix the Sphere Launcher, it's worse than a hand throw. It should launch it like a rocket, forward, also show the chance preview when aiming.

PvP shouldn't even be on its own in the list, it's a big waste of time. All people need is the Pal Arena for PvP here. Other games already do guild wars and base griefing for people who actually want that.
If they want to improve the AI they might want to hire a specialist. I think making decent NPC AI is an area that requires relatively rare talent. It doesn't seem to be something that necessarily comes in the regular set of programming skills a game dev has.
Fuck this is already a good sign. If they went the take money stop communicating I’d be very worries. This lifted a weight off my shoulders just having a roadmap
And that is the ea roadmap

Please give us the rockets from the trailers
literally no dates or time frames provided lol
The very first thing I want before anything else is to be able to open/use the chest/crafting table I am actually fucking looking at and have my reticle on.  I'm looking right at the fucking chest, let me open it!!  Also the menu to lift or do actions to the pal often doesn't pop up when you're staring right at them.  Please for the love of God fix those things first
ok so i been reading alot of these comments, and i see alot of ppl getting very angry or if not then annoyed at the pal ai and pathing and demanding ui changes to be done asap, (not saying it is everyone but some ppl are making huge denmands right off the bat) but i think alot of people have forgotten 1 thing, the game is a indie game, run by a small company that has limited resourses, staff and other things, it will take time for them to proccess and deliver what we want, plus the game has only been out for just under a week, there are bound to be problems and issues with things in a game, even large companies deal with these same issues and bugs, also i would like to point out that the company has also been receiving death threats and other things similar since launch and will also be taking up time for the devs to sort out, so please all of you have patience and have faith in the devs and i am sure they will fix these problems your are requesting, so instead of bombarding the company with complaints why not offer to help and or give them small suggestions instead of just saying we want a complete overhaul of this system, be thankful that for a game in early release they are going to work on fixing it in its current state before they roll out new content that could break the game even more, i think we all nowadays take all these new games for granted and expect perfection upon launch, but that is simply just not possible, so i ask you all have patience and let the devs do there job
just hope this is a roadmap that will be fulfilled in a couple months. If this is really it, then idk man. I feel like the PVP will hold this game up but I am more of a PVE guy and would like wayyy more than just raids. And with raids, I hope they aren't half ass like most end game content now a days.
Minimap.
Compass. 
Map poonts a la botw.
Give me a priority menu a la Rimworld and I’ll be more than happy. So annoying having a Pal I “assigned” fuck off 2 seconds into doing that job. Still having a blast though 
Will it be an Xbox exclusive
Seems like the place has been on fire ever since it launched. Poor devs have probably barely had a chance to celebrate.
    I know its hyperbole but I have this mental image of like 4 japanese dudes just with no idea this game was going to blow up so much. 

I bet they partied pretty hard once they knew it was a hit. 


Now they are like "wait we dont know how to make a game"


Except that they seemingly do know how. 

I wonder if they will be brinign on some more artists/devs with all the extra cash they got.


If they play this right, this game could really have some lasting power.
        They def have to expand at this point, and fast.
            [deleted]
                Yeah, what they really need to do is find one highly experienced person and put them in charge. Hunt: Showdown did this in the past year, created a new "general manager" position and put David Fifield in charge, an industry veteran, and the game's been so much better ever since.
                    Former Hunt player here - care to elaborate?
                        Hunt was sort of just coasting for a little while. The events were annoying and grindy, content was far and few between. Now the events are content rich and easy to complete, a new map and engine upgrade is coming, we got a miniboss, lots of fun new guns, new traits, and features popularly requested like weapon inspect. The game has really picked up since he was put in charge.
                            Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
                                Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
            Unfortunately, that's the problem with smaller companies. 

To find someone, onboard the new hire, then train them and bring to speed can take months. It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).  

I wish them success and hope they can succeed, but the instant flood of popularity is going to be very difficult to manage.
                Hold up guys I have a big brain idea. Let’s get them to hire people from Nintendo
                >It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).

I mean some people theoretically work on their other early access game Craftopia.
                    I bet, considering their size and budget, they put all focus on palworld. I think they abandoned craftopia but perhaps with the new funding, they decided to make two teams and both games will get support. I heard part of the reason craftopia failed was because it was really ambitious, and maybe it's not so ambitious anymore if they can upgrade from however many employees they have to 50 or more. 250m in revenue beings them many possibilities, but also will go quick I imagine if not managed well.
                        If this gets us (the playerbase) a new aa company that gives the people what they want, it might set the precedent for many future game developers and also give us tons of great games down the road.
            No they don’t. They got here with the team they have. Unless the team has completely plateaued in terms of technical knowhow there’s no problem with them staying the same size. I paid a flat fee for the game as it is now because it’s worth the price, as it is now. Anything they add extra is just a bonus now. The best way to see the game fucked up is for them to expand too fast, rush shit out, and end up with a game worse than what it is currently.
                Technically you paid for a promised product, as the game is in Early Access. After they deem the game feature complete and 1.0, THEN everything after is bonus content.
                    Pay for what you see. Paying for early access for what the game \*might\* become is risky and encourages bad business practices. 

Palworld is already worth $30, which is why I bought it. So all development from now on is a bonus.
                        I completely agree up until you said that last sentence, because thats against what Early Access stands for. 

I paid for the game because its currently worth its price, but the fact is that you and I both paid full price for a half finished game, meaning when they finish it, and only then, will it be considered the product we paid for. 

I understand your point of view being that anything past this point is extra, but that too is a bad mindset to have. That mindset leads to not only early access devs thinking that their game is *good enough* and then charging for extra content or abandoning the game and just cashing out, but it also encourages people to feel as though the game should rise in price at launch, but as far as we know the games price tag is 30 dollars and will always be 30 dollars, because thats what the devs decided the final product will be worth.
                            For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
                Well I hope at least they fix the countless game breaking bugs, not really worth the price if your entire world bugs out every 5 minutes
                    What are you doing with your game? I merely had a audio bug and I have already 30 hours of play time.
                        There's some pretty bad bugs, for example in order to get into my solo world, I have to first launch a new multiplayer world (which can always be the same one so long as I don't actually play the new game) 

If I don't do this, my game crashes, and it will keep crashing on loading the old world until I enter the new one.

It's not a huge deal, only a minor inconvenience, but is still kinda annoying when I forget.
            Fast expansion, or any expansion after a project has become established is difficult. Adding new people doesn’t necessarily mean that things will be done faster, after a certain point of expansion.
        They obviously know how to make, now they get to learn how to maintain and improve.
        Could be a new franchise even - Pokemon lasted decades, despite the fact that they more or less ignore the community, which wanted more adult games and games for PC!

Not to mention base-building, having your creatures work for you (we see that in the world and even the anime, but we ourselfs could never let the creatures perform tasks for us, despite the fact that they are clearly more intelligent than dogs and even dolphins! Hell, some like say Lucario is probably as smart as the character!

Hell, palworld needs to double down on that IMHO! What do I mean? We should be able to send pals (alone or in teams) on expeditions ("Go out and farm x!" or "Go out and catch X!")

ps: The pals need more pathing and AI, because something that can supposedly run an assembly line (and build it, too!) should not make that many mistakes (not picking up stuff, prioritizing stone over ore etc.)...still, it's good for early access IMHO!
I’m somewhat stupid, so just to be clear does this mean they’re fixing/expanding the servers? A private multiplayer world between me and my friends is borderline unplayable, despite the fact that we can all run it in single player with max settings completely flawlessly. 

That’s the biggest thing holding us back from enjoying the game, once we got to the point where we had three bases up and running full of 15 pals each the lag was so bad we couldn’t even load into the world so the game has been put on hold until something is done to fix it.
I throw my dumud at a mine spot, it says he's assigned, he fuacks off to mine normal rocks. 

I throw my rooby at the smelter, it does half its job then fuacks off.

I throw pengullet at a freezer, it never. Ever. Fuacking. Leaves. 

I throw my Mau in the ranch, it makes my other pals have a fuacking seizure because there's too many items on the ground.

I throw deadream at a work bench to craft, it says there is nothing to assign it to nearby and fuacks off into automode.

The PAL AI is probably my only real complaint right now.

Edit: as mentioned by others, a simple menu that lets us tell the pals where to go or what to do would be lovely. Personally I'd like something like Oxygen Not Included. Where I can control the priority or what the pals can/cannot do, as some pals I don't want doing multiple jobs but some I want to only do one thing.
    Transporting Items needs an AI improvement. I tested it, and if there are single items on the ground, as in a stack size of 1, pals will only carry one item regardless of their transporting level. That's really bad for ranches and mining outposts.

I also noticed oddities like when I throw a fire pal at a furnace, it will give the error message that it can't do cooling (and no I have nothing to cool in my entire base.) Or yesterday, when my breeding thing stopped working. I tossed a pal at it multiple times, and it said no task nearby.

I honestly hope they just switch task management to a menu. Having to chase after them, wait until they finish certain tasks because I can't pick them up while busy, or have stuff just not work outright is just infuriating.
        I want to be able to assign storage preferences. I like having a raw materials box, a pal corpse remains box, manufactured box, etc. Pals just bring whatever item they want to the nearest box with an open slot so it took me a while to figure out why my system was getting messed up all the time.
            But they don’t even always chose the closest chest. They keep taking my wheat to the feeder (then they eat it) which is very far away when I’d rather they just put in the box next to the farm so I can feed it into the mill.
                Fill the feeder with single candy floss except the slots your using and they’ll take wheat to cool box/chest
                    Honey also works, it doesn't expire either, as long as doesn't get accidentally selected when you make cake.
                    what's candy floss?
                        I think cotton candy that the woolipops drop. I’m assuming that’s a word for it in a non American English speaking country
                    I use coins since I have a millions of them and they weigh nothing. Then I put a single item of the items I want stored. Reminds me of the old minecraft auto sorter, but less “auto”.
                I will put 1 wheat at the last slot in the feeder box, this way the wheat that the pals load into the box will be stacked there. And being the last slot, the pals won't get to eat it unless your feeder box runs out of other food.
            Idk, I've seen my farming pals go halfway across my base to put berries in the feed basket, even though other storage was closer. 
                That is a good exception to the rule. That would suck if they didn’t
                    Id prefer they put the food in the refrigerator
                i WISH, mine will run to the other side of mine to throw berries in storage even tho the feed basket is right next to my berry farm. AND they like to choose different boxes each time, i have stashes of berries everywhere from them
            Or even just placeholders for items when theyre used up and the ability to easily lock chests from pals ie private ones for items, eventually when all the placeholders fill theyd have to go to the correct chests, i feel like itd be less complicated and easy to implement
                Since crafting already pulls from any storage on the base, would be cool to do it like Palia. Building storage containers increases your maximum storage slots, and every container links to the same storage.
            I'd like to see that too, or maybe just a craftable item called a Pal chest, that they would prefer, or if you could just toggle pal prevention on any chest that you interact with.

&#x200B;

There's a nice workaround though. For any chest that you don't want the pals to mess with, you fill all of the open slots with a single arrow.
                Or just be able to assign slots for a chest. In chest "X" the slot 1 is assigned to wood. All priority dropoff for wood now goes to that slot instead of open slot.
        Yup, the throwing the work pal never works for me, unless there's only one facility nearby. but I can still pick them up even if they're busy,you have to press the button while standing in front of the pals 
            Then there's me, who never thought of throwing a pal at a job to assign them. I just let them naturally do their thing lol.
                Haha I'm the same, just kinda let the pals do whatever and hope for the best, honestly makes for some hilarious moments when you come back to your base to see what new chaos has erupted. Sometimes I think they have a mind of their own, like when they start working on something you didn't even know needed attention, but hey, keeps things interesting right? Just wish they'd stop chasing butterflies when there's work to be done, but that's half the charm of this crazy game.
                    I agree, I also wish they add options to allow pals to initiate works (like crafting, producing wheat, etc) rather than waiting for the players to give the order. It would reduce so much hassle and potentially bringing a lot of joy of chaos.
                    They burned my house down it is now made of stone
                I play on xbox and i have 2 bases. At my OG base, everything is fine besides these normal problems. At my second base however, *everyone* prioritizes breaking trees. The real problem starts when they go to transport the wood they broke. 7-8 pals will pick up, then drop, then pick up the same piece of wood rapidly, forever. The only thing that stops this loop is walking to it myself and taking it from them. Which kinda defeats the purpose of having my pals be self-sufficient. And the process repeats itself if theres another piece of wood laying around somewhere.

I think a management menu would be perfect. A way to prioritize certain actions, choose what pals do what actions and for how long, and to what degree.

Another issue that i seem to have at my second base is that they work themselves to incapacitation or injury. I have the monitoring stand set and its set to a reasonable workload, but for some reason whenever i go back to my 2nd base, *someone* is injured or incapacitated. Maybe ive missed something, but i dont know what else to do to keep them from overworking themselves besides splitting workloads between numerous different pals. But, then, what do i do for the automated processes they carry out when im not there? The automated processes seems to be what breaks them even when i have my workload set to decent.
            99% of the time I throw one of them they just get stuck in the air where I was holding them... just floating
        I think when it says "it can't do cooling," I think it means your pal is on a short break.

Like a cooldown, so to speak. Probably a translation error
        Hey, I think “cooling” means cooling off (resting). I’m not entirely sure but everytime I would assign someone and it said “cooling”, they beelined to bed. Might be a translation thing
    I think THROWING a pal is part of the problem for me. I had to use a big guy to heat up some eggs yesterday and I couldn't find the heater's hitbox to save my life. 

It's a nice feature, it should stay because its funny, but being able to just select a pal and then the heater would be neat.
        Simply making the bigger Pals transparent while carrying them would also help.
            Also that, absolutely
            You don't like Jormuntide Ignis being the only thing you can see on your entire screen?!
                My boss jormuntide is the entire base and I'm here for it
                    They're just so... Large

I love them. Waiting for the eventual D&D stat block
            With some pals that is already happening.
        pals fron your party seem to assign fine, hand throwing has issues
            It only gets worse the larger they are, too. Trying to assign the boss Jormuntide to anything is a hopeless task (unless its the breeding pen since that building's massive)
    Yep, I have 3 pals that can water crops, but one that can freeze food. Guess which one ALWAYS is watering crops? 
        For freezing & electricity I use only Jolthog & Jolthog Cryst, they both only do electric & freezing (respectively) so they don't get distracted.
            Chillet (lv11 boss)  also had only freezing,  that's who we use
                I prefer smaller Pals for my base, sometimes the big ones randomly get stuck on a roof for a few days and starve
                    I don't even build structures any more. I have a 2x2 with a flat roof that I put statue and condenser on. I haven't had any issues with pathfinding after removing my buildings.
                    Smaller pals also eat way less food. 
                I'm very fond of Chillet's curled up pose. 
            Rayhound for electric he is only a 2 but it's all he does 
    There is that monitoring station that lets you adjust pal work speed. That would be an ideal place to set job priorities from.
        I was so annoyed last night when I built that damn monitoring stand and then realized it had nothing to do with assigning tasks 😭😭😭
            Yup, that’s what the description sounds like it does.

But nope.
            I was thinking the same thing it makes sense to have it there and I like the server transfer thing but I hope it comes with some restrictions like you can’t drop pals from another server or breed them to stop people from just getting high level pals and selling them on eBay
                If a pal is higher level than you then it gets "squished" down to your level so you cant just get lucky and catch an overleveled pal.
        I built it thinking that was what it did.
        True plus it gives us a reason to build it since I don’t like overworking my pals so I don’t even bother building the station.
        Yeah I was hoping that station would be a priority function. 
    I can't remember what mining level dumud has but for mining they need level 2 mining to be able to mine Ores, so they'll always run off to mine rocks instead of they are level 1.
        Dumud is level 2 so him going to the stone and not ore is no bueno
            Yeah I have a secondary base at the ores behind the desolate church. I tried setting up a stone pit but literally all my mining pals stop mining ore to go mine stone at the pit so I had to remove it.
                [deleted]
                    Hopefully they update the system in the future to make it easier to assign task priority to pals.
                        I'm really hoping we can set priority like some other games. Where we just assign priority from like -3 to +3.
        Jesus that makes so much sense!
    I would like a base UI overhaul like the ability to assign pals tasks in the table UI or in the palbox. And I wish that every building had built in storage that the base shared inventory could draw from.
        A job priority, per Pal, would be nice as well.
    The funny thing though.. the bad AI kind of makes them feel like living creatures with minds of their own. If they didn't occasionally act like weird little morons, I'm not sure the game would have so much charm. 

So I'm hoping they don't over-correct and turn them all into mindless robots who only ever do what they're told and nothing else.
        exactly, it makes butchering the dumb ones more fun
        Add an intelligence stat. Easy way to keep some randomness
        I agree to a degree. I want them to occasionally make mistakes. But when the Paldeck has entries that state higher levels of intelligence (than an animal) and a level of understanding similar to human children(specifically lifmunk) and higher I feel it'd be nice if they acted at least a little more competent. 

Currently it's just a bit buggy and most of the problems are from the AI having ADHD and people using Pals with higher hunger requirements and just feeding them berries.

Example: A Pal is transporting, I've noticed it drop the item it's transporting and run over to grab another item before reaching a box with the first item. Even though the box that it was going to would have been 2~3 steps away.

Example 2: Arsox will run to the feed basket to eat every 5~15 seconds of work if there's only berries in there because of how the feeding system works. They don't eat till they are full, they eat until they "aren't hungry" which can be 1 berry to just put them over the threshold. You can see this in action with the feed bag as the player (and their Pal team work the same way) just fill your first slot with berries, get hungry, and watch your character chow the fuck down on berries every few steps. It's why on bigger Pals Glutton is arguably worse than slacker and diet-lover is arguably better than artisan unless you are feeding them something like pancakes, all the time spent eating makes the bonuses and penalties a moot point.
        Haha yes I agree and honestly wouldn't bug me much if they never added that feature. But ugh, having to take pals out of my base and put them back in because they get stuck in a corner or something drives me crazy.
        Yeah pals have their own private shit going on closer to simulation games like Dwarf Fortress or Rimworld
    We need a Foreman/Officer desk. With it, you can control the work assignments at the base.

Tell which Pal to go where for work. And assign recipes for stations to carry out. Similar to RimWorld and its crafting mechanic if you every played that.

It would be nice not to have to return to my farm all the time to continue making Flour. I wish I could just select an option that says "This Mill will continue to make Flour" and then Pals keep working there to make Flour whenever Wheat becomes available.
        I kind of assumed that's what the Station you could build around level 17 did. Instead, it just gives you the option to work your pals to death for some reason.
            I had the same thought. Then I was sad when I saw it doesn't really help. Yeah, you *could* make them work faster. Doesn't help if pals are running around not doing the best task for them
        Imho Flour should not have a decomposition timer. The shelf life of flour IRL is basically a full year. 

Also, the freezer should retain cold after being "powered up" by a frozen pal. It should be a task that takes a few minutes, and then lasts the whole day. 

I hate logging back into my base and seeing my freezer empty because everything rotted, because I couldn't micromanage my pal to always stay on the cooler.
    Same, couldn't assign my paladius to a ranch yesterday because it didn't have freezing skill somehow ? 

Aside from that, the order of priority is a mess. Crafting pals with 1 carry that'll get stuck in an endless loop of carrying small amounts of items, or harvesting crop etc ... doing everything but their job essentially. 

A rimworld-like task management system or the ability to slot pals into workbenches without having to throw them would be great. So many pals that are virtually useless because AI is a mess.
        The pals being huge and the bases pretty small also doesn't help.  It's hard to aim a jormuntide Ignis to a furnace when you can't even see it.
    Pal AI is a big one. SIZE IS ANOTHER. As much as I love my Jormungandr Ignis being a big ol snake-dragon that makes smelting a breeze (L4! He's the heat GOAT), they're useless and make other Pals pathing go berserk due to that obscene size!

That and they can't fit through archways and halls in dungeons, get stuck in trees, buildings via clipping, and other places. Impractical, hatched from a huge egg found in the volcano. Cool setpiece, but too big to function good. (Large should be the peak. Large Penking and my flagship Wixen are big enough to act normally while being big figures, not intrusive obstacles!)
    I thought that's what the Monitoring Stand would do but all it does is let you set how toxic your work environment is.
    I've found two things help: Flat terrain and spacing out the buildings.

Terrain seems to mess with the Pal AI more than anything.

If different things are too close (work benches, cooking stations, and farms for example) then the Pal AI can get special.

Certain stations seem to have very specific hitboxes while others seem to work if the pal just happens to be on the same continent.
    Watching my pals not doing any work is making me so mad lmao

I started to kill all the lazy ones to make me feel better
    I had a grizzbolt leave mid breeding to go do some logging, what a chad.
    For the workbench thing, what’s been working for me so far is to have my crosshair on the “3/250 __ “ progress circle before throwing. I also spaced out my various production stations a fair bit
yeah 100% i cheese the boss fight by getting them stuck on objects. Also my base placement causes raids to spawn on the other side of the river and they cant seem to find a path over and on the rare occasion that they do find a path they run away the second they reach my base
    You can cheese the boss fights right now by just catching them lol

  
https://www.windowscentral.com/gaming/crazy-palworld-bug-lets-you-catch-tower-bosses-heres-how-to-do-it#:\~:text=Instead%2C%20position%20yourself%20so%20that,back%20to%20capture%20it%20instantly.
Yup pathfinding and a priority system and we'd be golden imo
Sadly, don't hold your breath.  There is a reason so few games attempt to do automation npcs like this.  the pathing is insanely hard to do.    look at Bannerlord trying to get units to climb ladders..  

The fix is going to be to cheat.  let large pals ignore collision and walk through trees/rooves.  let pals teleport up cliffs, etc.

its how they "fixed" most of the a.i. issues with Terraria for example.  let stuff phase through walls so it doesn't get stuck, and can't be easily cheesed.
All I want is to be able to permanently slot a pal into a workstation. No I do NOT need you to go seed the berry plantation, quite frankly that one chicken is laying enough eggs to feed a city. JUST CHOP THE GOT DANG TREE.
I knew it!!!!!! AI confirmed!!!!!!! 😂😂😂😂
star citizen could use these devs.

Maybe add space flight to the road map so you can fly to other worlds.  We'll get star citizen before star citizen.
Pal Ai and pathing is huuuuge tired of my pals getting stuck on top of things 😂
    *Pal sitting in top of tree next to food box*

“I am hungry :(“
        Omg. This. My Pals keep getting stuck on top of ore nodes and starving. Also, if you have the stone quarry and ore nodes, they will prioritize the stone, no matter how many times you toss them at the ore. I had to destroy my stone quarry to get any pals to mine the ore. Aside from these relatively minor gripes, the game is excellent.
            Have you also noticed that pals with mining level 1 won't even try to mine ore?
                iirc they can't, only lvl 2 and higher can. it def should be mentioned somewhere tbh, don't know why it isn't.
                    Yep, I noticed this when I went on an ore hunt with my Digger. 

When you hold the 'summon pal' button and hover over the target, it will say something like "unable to assign" if your pal can't do anything with the thing you're aiming at.
                    I think they need lvl 3 mining for coal too? I just relocated a base near a bunch of coal and ore, and they only ever mine the ore with 6 lvl 2 miner pals
    Absolutely! I planted my flag and made a base directly under the first fast travel tower you see when you start the game (which yes, I regret due to space constraints) and on the stairs down to the bridge over the stream my pals will go up them and turn right too fast, and fall in the corner and just be stuck there. It took me a lot of tries of attempting to patch flooring over it, fencing it off etc. eventually I found the exact spot I can put the large perimeter fence in so that they'd run into it and end up walking over the spot they kept falling and it cut down a lot of freeing my pals
        Enemy AI needs a lot of work too, but hopefully the same improvements can apply to both.
    I’m sick of mine running into the water and drowning….
        Bro mine run into the campfire and burn to death.
            Yes! So do mine.
    Bruh, my Loupmoon is THE WORST about getting stuck in the most random places.
    Yeah, they get stuck somewhere, can't eat, lose SAN and get depressed. logging in to an active server after a day and finding 10+ pals depressed and starving because of bad pathing and AI sucks. You either have to go deer hunting for ages for their horns or spend all of your gold on horns at a vendor, idk if anyone has a better solution but for now I'm just going to start leaving my pals in their box whenever I log off.
    Or Pals spawning outside my wall when teleporting back to base. Had a few starving to unconsciousness outside my walls when I came back from exploring. It defeats the purpose of walls when I have to keep my gates open at all times.
    My pals weren't appearing at my base no matter what I did. I thought my world/save was bricked and I'd have to start over . 


Turns out that if you build your Pal Box with the back facing right up against some terrain they'll spawn inside it and not appear. 
Yeah their priorities are spot on imo
    Well. Given that the idea for the game seeded from "we want to combine everything people like for a game" as long as they don't do a cash & grab this can turn out an exceptional game.
        IT already is an exceptional masterpiece
            It’s already fun.

I wouldn’t even call it fully functional much less a masterpiece. It’s firmly in an early access/beta state. 

Which is a good thing, and consistent with what it’s advertised as. It also means it will improve.
            I like the game but calling it a masterpiece is reaching lol
            Right now it is early access jank (complimentary)
                Having played plenty of earyl access jank, this really feels so much better. It's not flawless and could use improvements, but I'd say it's a step above jank.
                    Hell, comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

And it seems they have their priorities right as far as order.
                        Exactly. It already felt way smoother than anything Ark had...
                        > comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

Let's not be crazy here.  I can see Palworld has a good foundation but it's lack of polish is obvious.  

My start of the game was all over the place, I died in the first 10 minutes and the game is like where do you want to spawn and shows me a full map where I have no idea where I even was.  I end of in the right corner of the map only to die to cold a couple more times.  I found some fire and stood on it but the cold overcame anyways.  

Eventually I found the initial island, spawned back there and got my base going and understand things much more.  I appreciate the game doesn't hold your hand but they should have some type of onboarding for new players.  

I am a controller player and I can tell you the controls are not in a good spot.  They don't have button indicators so its really a guessing game on things like what option are you going to get from the Palbox.  Also the invert X and Y are flipped for some reason, that took a bit to figure out.  

I am by no means trashing on an early access game, I love it, but to say its more polished than other AAA titles is just silly.
                            There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
                    It's more polished than the 1.0 release of most survival games
                Palworld's early access is more functional than many games at their official release. Granted, that says as much about game quality these days as it does about Palworld, but it still means that Palworld is already a great game even before implementing the planned fixes/updates.
                Hardly janky at all compared to what’s been passing for “Live” recently.
Say, fellow Ark player, did you know that the Palworld devs are focused on fixing and finishing the early access game before they roll out new content?

Oh wait... Pretend I said nothing
    you must be another 4 or 5 digit ark player, too ,🥲🤣
        It was certainly *some* amount of time... 

Now if those hours were transferrable to Palworld... If only
If that PVP Planned Future Updates means full on PVP servers I wouldnt be surprised if ARK just completed fucking dies.
    As it should. They failed their players at every turn.
        i loved ark but i got sick and tired of having to do a 50GB update every single time they updated a typo.

Also I got tired of having like 400GB of space taken up for a single game.
            It's like 1TB for me because of mods lmao
                That never made sense to me.

How the hell is a single custom dino model so many GB?
                    If I'm recalling correctly..it's how ark handles the dinos.
You need all the files for all the maps it shows up in.
 Even if it's exactly the same.  

I could be wrong though.
    Now that you say that I’ve noticed a significant drop in “current player” post concerning ASE and ASA on the Ark sub lately
        Can confirm. I was playing Ark until this dropped out of the blue. I had never heard of it until I saw it on my Game Pass front page. Loving it so far.
            Palworlds the upgrade, which sucks to say honestly cuz I love both games but ASA is such a mess to play and I don’t wanna go back to ASE now with the “upgrade” existing. But as fun as Palworld is it’s still a different game that survival wise feels the same, but still isn’t “The dinosaur game” which is why I fell in love with Ark
        Yep me and my 7 Pals switched from ASA to Palworld Real fucking Quick lmao
If recent history has anything to say, if they are like Ark devs, they will throw out new content without ever fixing issues for years only to tell everyone it's unfixable so they are going to remake it it and make you buy it again only for those same old issues to still be present in the new version.  

I have over 2k hours into Ark.....sometimes I wonder why I do things.
    even with all its flaws and shitty dev team and shitty communications, ark is a great game.  fuck ASA though
    Fuck Ark. I love Ark, it's one of my favorite experiences of all time, but one of my least favorite games and hoops to get through to play it with fun. 

Will never forget how I had to sneak around my first base with my gf because there was a Spino spawned on the other side of the river that jumpscared us once and kept camping the one point we wanted to get through. The atmosphere, the sense of actually surviving early, the dangers of wild dinos just being able to wreck your shit completely are just unrepeatable. But man do I not miss having to wait  10-30 minutes each time to load in cause any timeout resets all mod checks etc, or having to compress the game with each patch to not take nearly 200GB. Man, I'm gonna cope so hard for ark2...
On one hand I want them to expand the team so updates get churned out faster, on the other hand I don’t want them to expand the team cause that’s the thing that usually kills the passion in projects
    Some other company buying the game and bleeding it dry is usually what kills passion in new studios.

I'd be surprised if Epic hasn't thrown out an offer for PocketPair yet.
        I’d be shocked if anyone aside from Microsoft buys pocketpair. The gamepass support is an obvious connection, and MS has been itching to build their Japanese presence
            They could also get a "Monster collector" game with an actual playerbase.

They'd be crazy to not try anything.
                Microsoft buying them would be perfect for both Xbox and the Devs. Microsoft is pretty hands off with their studios, it would give them the resources they need to really build out the world. Microsoft would get an awesome new IP.
                    Jesus christ yall just want everyone to be bought up by megacorps huh
                        Nah you're right, better to just hope they don't go the way of the many other Early Access games that started strong and have nothing to show for it because the devs couldn't handle the success /s

If you don't want this game to end up like 7 Days to Die or Valheim, having a little support and guidance from Microsoft would be the best thing that could happen to Pocket Pair
                    No way. Microsoft can keep their grubby hands off.
                    Pocket Pair have made over $100million from steam sales alone. They don't need more resources to fully realize this game lol. The only reason they would sell now is if they wanted to maximise immediate profits for the least amount of work or if they got involved in an expensive legal battle with Nintendo.
                        Resources isn't just money. It's Devs with experience, guidance from bigger studios, help with certain issues they can't solve alone etc...
        If anyone is gonna buy em up its probably gonna be Microsoft. they already cut a deal clearly since its on game pass, Microsoft sees this wildly successful game that is driving people towards their game subscription service, you know they're gonna be interested
    In my opinion they should bring on a few hot shots to help with specific problems and worry about building their studio. Their CEO has a lot of work ahead
    with every new person, there's a chance of onboarding an out of their mind microtransaction enthusiast with enough presence to make it happen. 😂😭
And unlike temtem it doesn’t say “sorry no more new pals EVER”, immediately killing all hype. They are seemingly aware of the important issues and have the correct goals in focus. Future looking good.
    Wait, is that why temtem is practically nonexistent ?
        I had such high hopes for that game, thought it was gonna get an animated show on netflix orso and become a hit.  lol
            True, the hype was real when Temtem launched. Played through the campaign with a friend on launch and sat back eagerly waiting for new tems etc. Years and years later it seems like nothing was really added. Feels bad
                Are you talking about 1.0 ? Because they added temtem after the early access release

Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player
                    I liked TemTem but it’s just Pokémon with some QoL changes. There’s very little innovation there.
                        And it's all I need.

Contrary to everyone I'm a fan of the base pokemon formula, I just wanted more combat, more difficulty, a more mature story  and more base length.

Which is everything temtem did. 

I always repeated that temtem with the pokemon license would have been perfect
                        [deleted]
                    When people talk about temtem not adding new temtem it's usually post 1.0 release as, of course with every island new temtem came out. 

>Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player

This just isn't true. It didn't get that much good press. It was mostly just "this is an upcoming pokemon clone game that does things well" and it had, as far as I can remember, literally no advertising. A lot of people also didn't think it was that great with the biggest criticisms being the always double battles (which I saw as a plus, I prefer doubles) and the breeding system was ass. The fact that early access also lasted so long gave time for hype to die down. When it comes to games that focus on being an actual pokemon clone there is a very high expectation you have to meet (one that the pokemon games don't even meet anymore but they get a pass from rabid fans). 

Most of what I saw was people lambasting the game  for slow updates, squandering of potential and unneeded nerfs/market control when none was needed. It feels like temtem wanted to be the pokemon game everyone wanted (an actual pokemon mmo) but didn't want to put the effort in to keep it rolling. It should have been a single-player game with coop and trading. And also ditched the MTX, I think it would have been better received. Forcing it to be an always online MMO and then not doing anything after the fact other than cosmetics is the main reason the game stayed irrelevant.
        Basically, yes. Since the kickstarter days they have always said "this is the game, no new maps, no new story, no new tems after version 1.0". They also constantly ignored feedback from players and even managed to make the game worse in some aspects. The game is still active now but it's extremely small compared to what it could have been if the devs were a bit more interested in their own project. At this point it really looks like they made the game and immediately gave up on it
            Damn that's sad. I remember the hype around Temtem but I didn't get into it.
        Tbf they did add temtem during early access as more and more island released naturally, but once the final story island was released, they were very clear that there would be no new temtem outside of the last mystical.
            I played it before 1.0 but this is bizarre. I thought it was a semi live service that would receive constant updates, not a one off game. I guess they’re copying Pokemon there too.
                Releasing a game and then that's it isn't inherently a bad thing and it's weird that it's become the norm to have constant stuff added, even more weird that them NOT constantly adding shit is a downside
                    You’re not exactly wrong, but since TemTem is an mmo it is pretty bad and weird to just say that’s it on launch. Why have an mmo if there’s nothing there to keep players outside of just PvP which will get stale, and shiny hunting? 

It’s a great one and done game, but an awful mmo.
                        Agree, I was shocked when people started caring about the "economy" like it's almost as if it's an mmo ONLY in that you see other players running around, it really shouldnt have the mad economy of an mmo
        Temtem devs blew all of their money on hookers lmao, and it's not even a joke. I'm never playing anything from those devs ever again, and I regret buying Temtem during early access because they didn't do any kind of reset and only cared what the top 0.1% of players were saying, thus the economy in that game is completely fucked.
        Yeah, they advertised TemTem as MMO, but don't want to add new regions and TemTems. Pissed of a lot of players I think.

Playing through the campaign is still nice though.
    Honestly seeing “more Pals” on the roadmap was a surprise, but a welcome one. The 111 they have is a pretty solid starting number, but I’ll happily take more.

Same with more islands—the current map us already pretty big, but more to explore is good. Hopefully they increase base number (especially for guilds), too.
        I really appreciate the designs so far, so I’m in no rush for needing more pals. But the fact that they are stating they want to add more is significant to me. 

Moar bases would be nice for sure. Do bases go up in size at all later? Or is the starting boundary as big as they go?
            Size stays the same sadly
    Not sure how far you’ve gotten but there’s a spot at the bottom of the mountain that’s completely empty, never even saw any thugs. It reminds me of grounded with these empty areas and so far I’ve found two just empty areas. Hopefully these areas are where they’re gonna add new pals. It’s obvious they have some things done in the area like egg spawns and I’ve seen a few cave entrances that are just a wall of odd colored terrain blocking the area off.
        I believe those weird looking cave entrances are where dungeon entries can spawn.
I love the game and the roadmap, but having a roadmap, and executing it in a timely manner are two separate things and executing parts of it in a timely manner is I think the most important part.  It's the only thing that has me unsure, but just like the game itself blew away all my expectations I hope they can do that here too.  I'm just not as quick to celebrate these situations anymore until I see results.  I will however say knowing that they can accurately list a bunch of things that sound great and aren't completely aimless in goal or saying things that kill hype like another poster mentioned temtem did and that has me cautiously optimistic.  I'll just go mine ore until they throw out these updates
    Yeah just look at valheim
Yeah honestly that's my #1 wishlist feature, for character saves to be world agnostic. Obviously I don't know how they have structured things but I'd love to work on my Pals in single player when my friend (who hosts our game) isn't available

EDIT:

"Agnostic, in an information technology (IT) context, refers to something that is generalized so that it is interoperable among various systems"
    I just bought a third party server sub and have it running 24/7. When we log back in our pals have always made a ton of shit for us
        Is there any documentation what is happenig in the world when no player is connected?
            The same stuff that happens when you're logged in :o
                So my base can get raided?

Only played 4 hours so far. Since I don't know what can happen, I turned off my server after I've finished :D
                    Raids only happen when a player is at a base. If you aren’t on the server… I don’t think it’s possible to be raided!
                    The raid AI is pretty bad anyway, half them don't make it to my base due to pathing if you place it near a cliff ledge. Etc
                    TBF my Pals do way more vs raids than I do seemingly lol
You can copy and paste your player file into your friends server if you know where your player folder is and if they know where there’s are. 


I’m hosting the server my friends and I use and if they’ve already been playing co-op, they can just send me their player file and I can paste it in
    That does not work if they were hosting their own world as that file named 0000000000000000001.sav is encoded differently.
        I haven't tried it, but there are ways to go around that. I believe some GitHub scripts exist already to do exactly this using Python


*Edit: found one https://github.com/cheahjs/palworld-save-tools
    Sent a DM!
    does this work accross xbox to steam saves?
This is how Valheim worked and it really benefited from it. On earlier games we just had a lot of stuff saved on our respective worlds and it was easier to grab your gear from your own save than recreate it all.
My character keeps getting deleted from the official servers
Does the server migration bullet point target this? Or is that a separate thing? Not to handy with terms but this is easily the biggest thing for me as well
I'd rather the devs commit to a smaller list instead of pulling a Valheim and completely over promising
    They honestly just need to fix all the junk and clunkiness right now. Make it feel polished then add content, otherwise it will just get bad and once you tie the buggy systems to new systems, fixing them will slowly progress into impossibility. Content will make the game feel fresh longer, but some huge new update will not feel good if it's just for the new mobs to clip into stones or a new boss chasing you infinitly while your pals cheese him because the short range melee attack has no time out on agro.
Yeah, It's basically 50 devs with 7 Millions playerbase.

Now they'l have to somehow find a way to carry this sucess.

We should be understanding as long as they are open with us and not selling some garbage season pass.
How about the fact that you can't place the slanted roofs on TOP of walls. There are a lot of weird issues with object placement and clipping that get very frustrating if you actually want to build something.
    I have played a couple of hours and the most challenging part was building roofs over my hut...
Why the hell can’t I build a breeding farm on foundation?  😤
    You can but it's a bit hacky, you need to aim upwards, towards the sky a bit. For some reason if you're looking directly at the ground it's red
desperately need half walls and columns, arch pieces and gates the size of a normal wall would also be sick
    I'd just like to be able to snap a gate into a structure, so I can have a Pal Barn.
    Yes! And things to make walls look a little less flat would be nice. 
Yeah me and my friend had the same problem

Found a really cool cliff face to build a base around but the building is super inconsistent when it comes to overlapping/placed on the ground making it very hard to get it right

Would honestly just love a disable building restrictions mod/option
    Theres a couple mods for that on nexus mods
How do you build into the side of a cliff? Don’t the foundations need to be touching the ground?
    AFAIK (not OP), after setting the actual foundations on the ground, the 2nd floors and up are made of well-placed roofs and walls.
I first played on my girlfriends xbox since she has gamepass, then bought it for PC, and was kind of stunned at some of the differences.
Currently I cannot play on my Xbox X without it overheating… something is going on that it is just trying to push the console too far
    My series x never crashes on solos but when someone joins me it lags for a sec then sometimes crashes. Only normally when I get someone to join
I just hope we can move our data to a dedicated server.
Yeah I just want to be able to name my pals
The path AI is so terrible, but I find it amusing.
You know what's the best content they can add? Steam workshop support for mods, once they have base game done well enough. Let the players make content in-between theirs like Ark, RimWorld, Terraria etc and focus on making the game feel and play well enough first.
    100% this, I love the game and apart from the few obvious issues that they are looking to address straight away, there is alot of QOL issues that modders could easily bang out quickly (Please for the love of god let me search and sort my pal box by passive traits)
IIRC, they announced more pals coming at the end of Early Access. I think they are prioritizing bugs, performance, and mechanics for now before they start adding even more content.
I've heard there's unused pals in the files, at least one I've seen.
I mean, they've already made their success, so they could also just cut and run now, and not spend all that extra money trying to improve it further.

Hopefully they don't, but you never know.
    This game looks like a passion project, you don't abandon a passion project just like that i think.
        Money changes things. They're now in the big leagues now with how much success they've had in such a short period of time, and who knows if they have the ability to deal with things. They have money to reinvest into the company, but can they do it quick enough to fix bugs and such in a timely manner.

I'm sure there's a lot of stress, anxiety, fear, excitement, etc. I can't imagine what the people in that company are going through. I know they've gotten death threats from Pokemon fans, and there seems to be endless amounts of criticism for being too much like Pokemon, Ark, Rust, etc.
            I think one thing to remember is that game developing studios are still companies at the end of the day. The owners will be the ones getting rich. The executives will get big bonuses. The devs will get bonuses too but likely will not become rich from this. It seems the CEO is the owner of PocketPair as well. The owner is now very rich but the employees of pocketpair will continue to receive their agreed upon salaries. It's probably exciting and stressful for the devs now that they have all eyes on them but it's still regular days as a game dev.
That typo makes it sound like you want us to kill ourselves lmao
    Who gave Depresso an iPhone?!
    yeah.... sounds like...
We need like fish pals and underwater pals in general 

Actually maybe a underwater map
    Underwater mapping would be cool as fuck, right now the water is just an obstacle to get around, I hope they go in that direction.
    I feel like underwater would be a whole ass expansion after 1.0.
    As a fire pal tamer I disagree. We need magma fishing.
In the original trailer, it showed you can put a jolthog (?) in the water and electrify the water, that’s kinda fishing
    Sounds like Warframe fortuna fishing. We use electric spears to catch robot fish.
        I could never get into Warframe but stuff like this sounds pretty cool
            There were times I spent all day on the world maps just to gather resources b/c they involved clever little mini games like that.
    That's redneck fishing
    \*Tosses a grenade into the lake.\*
Bro fishing would make me so happy. I'd love for like 30 to 40 Pals of varying rarity to be able to be fished up from various parts of the map.

I'd be doing just that for weeks.
Another little thing like this I really want is the ability to drop food for Pals to befriend them. Berries for some, meat for others, etc.
You know what they say...

"It's not a game without a fishing minigame!"
Do you use commands? I was having the same issue until I started using commands
    Speaking of commands: Give us more options to control the pals. Stuff like "defend me" that will only attack pals that attacked us first, or "non lethal" that will stop attacking if it's likely to kill the target. And also "attack anything you see" which apparently isn't what the current command does.
        'non-lethal' command would be amazing
            And like, it's fine if they're a little overly cautious too. But some enemies are too strong to bring down with just weapons, but pals tend to be a little... Messy, with their attacks. Half the time, I need to throw a low level sphere to give the enemy a time out, then command my pal to chill out. 
I play on PC so I don't know what the equivalent is on consoles, but you can press 4 and switch between "don't attack, attack my target, and (a third option)".
I agree.  There are a ton of QoL updates I would like to see over PvP
Ngl, id be happy if they didnt add pvp at all. Im personally so tired of every game having to feel like there needs to be pvp. Too many times does a game with it, have it get prioritized over the pve content and its just so....blaahhh. ruins the game a bit tbh. Not everything has to have pvp.
THIS. There's a reason literally every other survival game has a hot bar. I can't stand that I have to scroll through my tools and having to memorize the order. It's not too bad though... because you can only equip 4 tools at a time? So if I have a pick, axe, melee, and ranged weapon I can't equip anything else without opening up my inventory? What about my grapple hook? Or if I want a second weapon between reloading? It's frustrating tbh.

&#x200B;

I guess it's because the number keys are locked to Pals? I feel like the easiest solution is let me middle click to open a tool wheel. That would honestly fix everything.
    Things like grapple hook should be made into a core item like the glider with its own slot.  Then I would use it.
Completely agree, also the amount of greifing you can do easily with rocket launchers and grenade pals and the time it takes to rebuild will make pvp a mess. This game makes more sense being cooperative.
    The devs are on the record having said "the PvP will not be like Ark or Rust" so we don't actually know what they will implement
        I really hope not, because rolling up to a base with a rocket launcher and demolishing everything in sight is waaaay too easy. Also, with hacks even now available... it will again attract the lowest common denominator scum.
            I Think it Will be like a PVP arena of some sort. I hope so.
                That would be perfect. Specially if they implement server hoping, a Terraria like feature, I can build my base in peace and go to a Gym/Arena/whatever and challenge another player to a pal battle.
                My vote would be an extraction shooter island with some rare or unique pals/loot farming for pal souls or something.

Restrict building on there, and have some sort of balance system to equalize for level differences. Or make the Pals you catch there extremely strong while you're in the zone so people are incentivized to fight with what you catch there before you take them out of the zone.
                If it's anything like Monster Rancher 2's arena tournaments that'd be awesome. Would work for PVP and PVE content.
            If you think that’s easy, wait till you get Mossanda Lux’s or Relaxasaurus’ saddle.. you could literally have a squad of guys on the back of giant blue squishy dinos roll up and spam infinite launchers on you. There’s no way that’s the route they go.
    I think this point isn't something to be worried about, they have it listed as a "PVP **arena**" I don't think it's going to be like typical rust/ark likes where the PVP will be able to happen in the overworld. I don't see "base raiding" being a thing players can do to each other with how easily someone could destroy a base and such with a single attack. And then add in that you can just fly over a base and be able to attack from the skies and then the whole idea falls apart since we currently have no actual anti-air.
i imagine the pvp arena being like digimon championship where the ai just fumble and smash into each other or do stupid things while you and your opponent just watch. I don't think there's any serious depth to combat in this game, the foundation just isn't there. with pvp with other humans though, perhaps base raiding can at least be funny, like age of empires sorta but not really.
I agree I do not think this game needs pvp at all. I believe it will do more bad than good for the game.
    The game does need arena pal pvp in my opinion but nothing else outside the arena. I want pokemon battles against friends, not shooting rockets at their base. 
    But imagine capturing your friends' avatars in a palsphere, and having them work at your base. Obviously your friend would just respawn, but having their avatar as a pal would be....something.
The movement system of both pals and players needs an entire revamp if they want pvp. In its current iteration it's pretty janky. 

Otherwise, pvp is something I'm probably going to stay away from. That's not what I look for in my survival games.
[deleted]
They said it's 29.99 USD, and has a 10% discount for now. Regional pricing applies so it's cheaper in some regions
It’s on a 10% discount at the minute & that ends tomorrow. On Steam you should be able to see the original price crossed out & the sale price beside it. 

Usually when games leave early access their price increases - but it’s a case by case basis. It’s highly unlikely if/when it leaves early access that it’ll be a full priced $60+ game though. That’s speculative though. 
Its currently 30 USD on Steam without sales. Usually updates don't increase the price of a game untill the game officially comes out of early access to a full release. But, that is kinda up to the publisher.
its an early access pricing they might bump it up in the future
Looks like they underpriced your region. Better to buy it now because you'll never see it that cheap again once it's fixed
I want more options for the lady characters. They have only like three faces and only a few hairstyles that look somewhat similar

Also R.I.P no long hair options
    Lol, the gear no matter what weather it is. Short dress with no protection.  Ooo and the pretty blue and red feather head gear. Lol
    and the male characters are all either anime little boy or grizzled guy with cheekbones sharper than scalpels. 

None of the heads seem to fit the bodies.
Agreed. I feel as though the game should lean into it's strengths such as more boss battles, more in depth survival/crafting, more RPG elements such as perks for greater build variety, more pals with better AI, and more QOL such as being able to map my crouch to my DAMN MACRO lmao

PVP is usually a terrible choice for the community of games like this. It almost always turns toxic as hell unless you play exclusively on a private server. Ark is a perfect example and, given how much this game is clearly inspired by some of the concepts, I could see it going the same way. V Rising and Rust are also great examples of games that appealed to the PVP bandwagon and had their communities suffer as a result. Valheim, Project Zomboid, and DRG are great examples of how focusing on PVE content and encouraging cooperation can lead to some awesome, wholesome player bases. These are admittedly cherry picked examples and there are always exceptions to the rules, but the trend seems clear when viewed as a whole. 

It's not my game and I know the devs will do what they want at the end of the day, but I feel like incentivizing group play dynamics and focusing on PVE/ CO-OP content leads to much better outcomes for the player base in the long run due to its subliminal focus on cooperation instead of competition. 

For example, maybe they could add in some merchant stalls where players can trade with one another on servers, give more incentives and rewards for assisting other players with boss battles (like the Sun Bros in Dark Souls), add in further controls for the automation of the Pals (work priorities), more cosmetic and building options, an actual story/ lore, etc.

I'm super stoked for the game and love it to death so far, but PVP in survival/ crafting games like this has far too many rewards for other players being toxic as hell and seeing it on the roadmap as one of their first priorities gives me a good amount of pause for the future... Even if they make it "opt-in", they will still wind up doing what V Rising did by having to juggle making alterations to the PVE gameplay to accommodate the PVP playerbase and vice versa. I hope they can navigate that and hope for nothing but the best for the game. It has entirely too much potential to fuck up the execution.
Or let us paint/decorate our pals
[You](https://imgflip.com/i/8dgm4s)
It seems to always be the closest chest to where they pick up items. I've found placing chests right next to Mining / Logging / Ranch spots clears up alot of the Pals item clutter. The only items that end up in chests randomly are those left on the ground getting hauled. Storage Rules would be awesome!
    I lust for an option to restrict what goes in each chest.
    Thanks for the tip!
An advanced tech item that links base inventories.  Moving large amounts of materials between bases is a passion.
    My crew was messing with ideas for a mod that let you make Pal Convoys between bases to transport materials back and forth.  Linking inventories would be the easy way, but the base building optimizer in me wants to have trade caravans.
Omfg yes 😭 my stuff is never organized because my pals store them anywhere and everywhere
Press R? 
tfw I have a stones and wood chest right near their stations but one of my pals will take extreme effort to carry 3 pieces of them to a far away empty slot in another chest like bruh
Such a pain in the ass. I have to make sure my chests are full to ensure they don't start building mountains or a forest in a another chests because they apparently don't like my chest where I keep my rock and wood in.
Auto sort to chests has to be a feature, it's easy to keep Pals putting stuff in the right place by putting chests next to their stations, but you pick up so much stuff that you just have rows of chests & it's not like other games where you're picking up basically an even amount of every type of item - most of your chests are going to be full of eggs.
The bigger you are the slower you move
    Gamefreak's problem is actually the opposite. They seem to refuse to expand their team to have the capacity to do what is needed. They are forced to make games to line up with the schedule of the anime and instead of building a robust team or pushing back on that requirement they just shovel out the same lazy product with a few colorful stickers slapped on to make it look new and as they are forced to deal with more and more advanced systems their slapshod efforts become buggier and buggier.
Well its not really new content for free. Its early access, its implied that all the content the game will have at full launch won’t be there early on in early access
shrill telephone heavy zonked plate summer tender alive hateful wild

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
    Yeah sure I'm not in disagreement with the overall sentiment but that doesn't make it a roadmap. It's more of a wish/goal list.
        Sure but roadmap probably translates across languages more succinctly and after all it's about optics. They are probably stressing hard behind the scenes trying to expand their team with the right talent. If they're lucky they've already found a few decent acquisitions but they are yet to start working with the build and so they can't guarantee the expanded team will work efficiently together or not run into certain road(map)blocks.
            Experience needed: 5 - 10 years using USB based version control.
                -Are you experienced in bucket ?

-bitbucket ?

-no bucket
                Nice to have: Creative vision
        I think the existance of priorities makes it count.
This is their early access roadmap. I'm fairly sure it's to show people what they plan to do to get it to full release. In that regard I'm surprised it even mentions any new content at all. I think a lot of people are forgetting this game is in early access
Hey, what do you want to know more than now, soon and later??? /s
"Early Access" Roadmap. they are working on it
Yup... The community is desperate for anything right now though.
    Are you guys already done?? I've played 25 hours and still only defeated Zoe. Sure I have another 10 on my gamepass world but DAMN. Yall be consuming like crazy
        We're the same person. I beat Zoe so far and have about 25 hours in. I honestly couldn't even tell you where any other main bosses are yet. I've got plenty of hours left in this game.
            I'm at about the same point and I've seen one more tower. Seen, not reached. It's still something I can see only from the top of a mountain lol
                Exactly! I guess if you beeline towers that would quicken things up but I'm too worried about getting bodied by a tocotoco or sonething
        40 hours, level 23.  

I’ve cheesed some towers and dungeons.  Haven’t started breeding yet.  Done a lot of exploring and hitting fast travels, but I still haven’t seen all of the map.  No second base yet.  

My buddy is just building his base intricately and he’s like level 15.  Taking his time.  

I feel like I’ve gone hard in the paint.  People ahead of me either have no job or are avoiding work more so than I am (wfh).  I’d say they’re farther down on the obsessive spectrum from me, leaning towards problematic.  Lol.  

If people are crying for more right now, I’d strongly encourage them to touch grass or go to the gym.
            I made a dessert outpost super basic so I can fast travel other then that I've been figuring out the ai jank and have almost finished working our the perfect layout for my future final base. Starfiekd I had to do the same thing with ship building lol
    The fuck? Almost nobody is done with the game
    This game came out less than a week ago LMAO
well 7mil people waiting for something haha
They aren't your typical dev team. So kind of expect it, at least they seem to have an idea of the direction they want the full release to be. The games are surprisingly solid all considering, compared to many AAA and such games. The main concern is them deciding to get too ambitious after seeing all the money flowing in and biting themself in the ass for it.
Maybe but it hasnt even been a week since release
Have it utilize the pedastool, the description for it made me think it would let you micromanage, but all it does is set how much of a slave driver you wanna be.
    I was so disappointed after I built that. I've never used it. I'm not evil. These guys aren't slaves, they're family. 

Maybe add it to an upgraded version of that. A full on Gazebo.
        Oh you guys are seeing them as family….
            yep family business. its how you get free labor
        We removed it from our base was so pointless as much as I want them to work hard I don't wanna deal with broken bones and depressed pals
            I'm legitimately curious if judicious use of the medicine bench and max slave driver settings can pay off in the long run.
        Haha me too 

“Oh this tech lets me manage the pals, maybe I can get the miners to mine ore rather than pulling them off the stone quarry all the time”

“Wait…that was fucking stupid”
Not sure about it being a food item, but yeah job priorities are a must! I'd like to see it as a work station (maybe Managers Desk) we place similar to the Watch Platform to adjust Forced Work.
Yeh you should just be able to permanently prioritise certain abilities.
A menu at each station just to assign pals permanently to it would be ideal
Yeah gamers these days are probably the most insufferable people on the planet. Entitled would be another word that fits. Gamers used to be bunch of cool people who love to talk about games with each other. Now they sit around on reddit bitching, whining and moaning. Nothing is good enough for them and it's irritating as hell.

I personally think it's an awesome road map for an awesome game. i'm glad they're communicating with the community unlike a lot of gaming developers.
Bro they basically just said "We will be adding more stuff"

You dont need to wax poetic about it
My fellow 8GB gang 🤝
I've only got 8GB on my current laptop and it seems to be working fine. Admittedly I'm only like 30mins-1 hour in
    The Ram usage tends to go up really quick on anyone hosting / on the computer that is playing the single player campaign when folks start exploring.

I had a player teleport on my  dedicated server to a fast travel point no one was at after restart, and ram usage shotup 800mb. Coming back to it later didnt increase it as much.

Even after leaving a location it seems it likes to keep everything in memory, so eventually you will cap out and start having oddities like capture balls not completing capture animations, and etc. Fix for that is just restarting, but oh boy in a server with 10 people, 16 gb of ram definitely is not enough when folks reach later levels to start exploring around
        The game has a pretty serious memory leak. I am running a dedicated server with 32 gb of ram and I have to restart the docker container every day so that it doesn't fill my entire 500GB ssd with a swap file.
Fellow 8gb gang here was so eager to play this one yesterday only to find out the minimum spec requires 16gb. I still tried playing it though and was surprised to see it work but barely with low graphic settings... I don't think I can enjoy playing the game as of now especially when FPS dips down below 30 and even lower than 20 during fight animations and sometimes whenever I move the camera to look around. Looks like playing this game with my friends is gonna be a long long wait from here.
From what they said on discord the PvP will only be in a arena not open PvP.
I know its hyperbole but I have this mental image of like 4 japanese dudes just with no idea this game was going to blow up so much. 

I bet they partied pretty hard once they knew it was a hit. 


Now they are like "wait we dont know how to make a game"


Except that they seemingly do know how. 

I wonder if they will be brinign on some more artists/devs with all the extra cash they got.


If they play this right, this game could really have some lasting power.
    They def have to expand at this point, and fast.
        [deleted]
            Yeah, what they really need to do is find one highly experienced person and put them in charge. Hunt: Showdown did this in the past year, created a new "general manager" position and put David Fifield in charge, an industry veteran, and the game's been so much better ever since.
                Former Hunt player here - care to elaborate?
                    Hunt was sort of just coasting for a little while. The events were annoying and grindy, content was far and few between. Now the events are content rich and easy to complete, a new map and engine upgrade is coming, we got a miniboss, lots of fun new guns, new traits, and features popularly requested like weapon inspect. The game has really picked up since he was put in charge.
                        Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
                            Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
        Unfortunately, that's the problem with smaller companies. 

To find someone, onboard the new hire, then train them and bring to speed can take months. It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).  

I wish them success and hope they can succeed, but the instant flood of popularity is going to be very difficult to manage.
            Hold up guys I have a big brain idea. Let’s get them to hire people from Nintendo
            >It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).

I mean some people theoretically work on their other early access game Craftopia.
                I bet, considering their size and budget, they put all focus on palworld. I think they abandoned craftopia but perhaps with the new funding, they decided to make two teams and both games will get support. I heard part of the reason craftopia failed was because it was really ambitious, and maybe it's not so ambitious anymore if they can upgrade from however many employees they have to 50 or more. 250m in revenue beings them many possibilities, but also will go quick I imagine if not managed well.
                    If this gets us (the playerbase) a new aa company that gives the people what they want, it might set the precedent for many future game developers and also give us tons of great games down the road.
        No they don’t. They got here with the team they have. Unless the team has completely plateaued in terms of technical knowhow there’s no problem with them staying the same size. I paid a flat fee for the game as it is now because it’s worth the price, as it is now. Anything they add extra is just a bonus now. The best way to see the game fucked up is for them to expand too fast, rush shit out, and end up with a game worse than what it is currently.
            Technically you paid for a promised product, as the game is in Early Access. After they deem the game feature complete and 1.0, THEN everything after is bonus content.
                Pay for what you see. Paying for early access for what the game \*might\* become is risky and encourages bad business practices. 

Palworld is already worth $30, which is why I bought it. So all development from now on is a bonus.
                    I completely agree up until you said that last sentence, because thats against what Early Access stands for. 

I paid for the game because its currently worth its price, but the fact is that you and I both paid full price for a half finished game, meaning when they finish it, and only then, will it be considered the product we paid for. 

I understand your point of view being that anything past this point is extra, but that too is a bad mindset to have. That mindset leads to not only early access devs thinking that their game is *good enough* and then charging for extra content or abandoning the game and just cashing out, but it also encourages people to feel as though the game should rise in price at launch, but as far as we know the games price tag is 30 dollars and will always be 30 dollars, because thats what the devs decided the final product will be worth.
                        For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
            Well I hope at least they fix the countless game breaking bugs, not really worth the price if your entire world bugs out every 5 minutes
                What are you doing with your game? I merely had a audio bug and I have already 30 hours of play time.
                    There's some pretty bad bugs, for example in order to get into my solo world, I have to first launch a new multiplayer world (which can always be the same one so long as I don't actually play the new game) 

If I don't do this, my game crashes, and it will keep crashing on loading the old world until I enter the new one.

It's not a huge deal, only a minor inconvenience, but is still kinda annoying when I forget.
        Fast expansion, or any expansion after a project has become established is difficult. Adding new people doesn’t necessarily mean that things will be done faster, after a certain point of expansion.
    They obviously know how to make, now they get to learn how to maintain and improve.
    Could be a new franchise even - Pokemon lasted decades, despite the fact that they more or less ignore the community, which wanted more adult games and games for PC!

Not to mention base-building, having your creatures work for you (we see that in the world and even the anime, but we ourselfs could never let the creatures perform tasks for us, despite the fact that they are clearly more intelligent than dogs and even dolphins! Hell, some like say Lucario is probably as smart as the character!

Hell, palworld needs to double down on that IMHO! What do I mean? We should be able to send pals (alone or in teams) on expeditions ("Go out and farm x!" or "Go out and catch X!")

ps: The pals need more pathing and AI, because something that can supposedly run an assembly line (and build it, too!) should not make that many mistakes (not picking up stuff, prioritizing stone over ore etc.)...still, it's good for early access IMHO!
Transporting Items needs an AI improvement. I tested it, and if there are single items on the ground, as in a stack size of 1, pals will only carry one item regardless of their transporting level. That's really bad for ranches and mining outposts.

I also noticed oddities like when I throw a fire pal at a furnace, it will give the error message that it can't do cooling (and no I have nothing to cool in my entire base.) Or yesterday, when my breeding thing stopped working. I tossed a pal at it multiple times, and it said no task nearby.

I honestly hope they just switch task management to a menu. Having to chase after them, wait until they finish certain tasks because I can't pick them up while busy, or have stuff just not work outright is just infuriating.
    I want to be able to assign storage preferences. I like having a raw materials box, a pal corpse remains box, manufactured box, etc. Pals just bring whatever item they want to the nearest box with an open slot so it took me a while to figure out why my system was getting messed up all the time.
        But they don’t even always chose the closest chest. They keep taking my wheat to the feeder (then they eat it) which is very far away when I’d rather they just put in the box next to the farm so I can feed it into the mill.
            Fill the feeder with single candy floss except the slots your using and they’ll take wheat to cool box/chest
                Honey also works, it doesn't expire either, as long as doesn't get accidentally selected when you make cake.
                what's candy floss?
                    I think cotton candy that the woolipops drop. I’m assuming that’s a word for it in a non American English speaking country
                I use coins since I have a millions of them and they weigh nothing. Then I put a single item of the items I want stored. Reminds me of the old minecraft auto sorter, but less “auto”.
            I will put 1 wheat at the last slot in the feeder box, this way the wheat that the pals load into the box will be stacked there. And being the last slot, the pals won't get to eat it unless your feeder box runs out of other food.
        Idk, I've seen my farming pals go halfway across my base to put berries in the feed basket, even though other storage was closer. 
            That is a good exception to the rule. That would suck if they didn’t
                Id prefer they put the food in the refrigerator
            i WISH, mine will run to the other side of mine to throw berries in storage even tho the feed basket is right next to my berry farm. AND they like to choose different boxes each time, i have stashes of berries everywhere from them
        Or even just placeholders for items when theyre used up and the ability to easily lock chests from pals ie private ones for items, eventually when all the placeholders fill theyd have to go to the correct chests, i feel like itd be less complicated and easy to implement
            Since crafting already pulls from any storage on the base, would be cool to do it like Palia. Building storage containers increases your maximum storage slots, and every container links to the same storage.
        I'd like to see that too, or maybe just a craftable item called a Pal chest, that they would prefer, or if you could just toggle pal prevention on any chest that you interact with.

&#x200B;

There's a nice workaround though. For any chest that you don't want the pals to mess with, you fill all of the open slots with a single arrow.
            Or just be able to assign slots for a chest. In chest "X" the slot 1 is assigned to wood. All priority dropoff for wood now goes to that slot instead of open slot.
    Yup, the throwing the work pal never works for me, unless there's only one facility nearby. but I can still pick them up even if they're busy,you have to press the button while standing in front of the pals 
        Then there's me, who never thought of throwing a pal at a job to assign them. I just let them naturally do their thing lol.
            Haha I'm the same, just kinda let the pals do whatever and hope for the best, honestly makes for some hilarious moments when you come back to your base to see what new chaos has erupted. Sometimes I think they have a mind of their own, like when they start working on something you didn't even know needed attention, but hey, keeps things interesting right? Just wish they'd stop chasing butterflies when there's work to be done, but that's half the charm of this crazy game.
                I agree, I also wish they add options to allow pals to initiate works (like crafting, producing wheat, etc) rather than waiting for the players to give the order. It would reduce so much hassle and potentially bringing a lot of joy of chaos.
                They burned my house down it is now made of stone
            I play on xbox and i have 2 bases. At my OG base, everything is fine besides these normal problems. At my second base however, *everyone* prioritizes breaking trees. The real problem starts when they go to transport the wood they broke. 7-8 pals will pick up, then drop, then pick up the same piece of wood rapidly, forever. The only thing that stops this loop is walking to it myself and taking it from them. Which kinda defeats the purpose of having my pals be self-sufficient. And the process repeats itself if theres another piece of wood laying around somewhere.

I think a management menu would be perfect. A way to prioritize certain actions, choose what pals do what actions and for how long, and to what degree.

Another issue that i seem to have at my second base is that they work themselves to incapacitation or injury. I have the monitoring stand set and its set to a reasonable workload, but for some reason whenever i go back to my 2nd base, *someone* is injured or incapacitated. Maybe ive missed something, but i dont know what else to do to keep them from overworking themselves besides splitting workloads between numerous different pals. But, then, what do i do for the automated processes they carry out when im not there? The automated processes seems to be what breaks them even when i have my workload set to decent.
        99% of the time I throw one of them they just get stuck in the air where I was holding them... just floating
    I think when it says "it can't do cooling," I think it means your pal is on a short break.

Like a cooldown, so to speak. Probably a translation error
    Hey, I think “cooling” means cooling off (resting). I’m not entirely sure but everytime I would assign someone and it said “cooling”, they beelined to bed. Might be a translation thing
I think THROWING a pal is part of the problem for me. I had to use a big guy to heat up some eggs yesterday and I couldn't find the heater's hitbox to save my life. 

It's a nice feature, it should stay because its funny, but being able to just select a pal and then the heater would be neat.
    Simply making the bigger Pals transparent while carrying them would also help.
        Also that, absolutely
        You don't like Jormuntide Ignis being the only thing you can see on your entire screen?!
            My boss jormuntide is the entire base and I'm here for it
                They're just so... Large

I love them. Waiting for the eventual D&D stat block
        With some pals that is already happening.
    pals fron your party seem to assign fine, hand throwing has issues
        It only gets worse the larger they are, too. Trying to assign the boss Jormuntide to anything is a hopeless task (unless its the breeding pen since that building's massive)
Yep, I have 3 pals that can water crops, but one that can freeze food. Guess which one ALWAYS is watering crops? 
    For freezing & electricity I use only Jolthog & Jolthog Cryst, they both only do electric & freezing (respectively) so they don't get distracted.
        Chillet (lv11 boss)  also had only freezing,  that's who we use
            I prefer smaller Pals for my base, sometimes the big ones randomly get stuck on a roof for a few days and starve
                I don't even build structures any more. I have a 2x2 with a flat roof that I put statue and condenser on. I haven't had any issues with pathfinding after removing my buildings.
                Smaller pals also eat way less food. 
            I'm very fond of Chillet's curled up pose. 
        Rayhound for electric he is only a 2 but it's all he does 
There is that monitoring station that lets you adjust pal work speed. That would be an ideal place to set job priorities from.
    I was so annoyed last night when I built that damn monitoring stand and then realized it had nothing to do with assigning tasks 😭😭😭
        Yup, that’s what the description sounds like it does.

But nope.
        I was thinking the same thing it makes sense to have it there and I like the server transfer thing but I hope it comes with some restrictions like you can’t drop pals from another server or breed them to stop people from just getting high level pals and selling them on eBay
            If a pal is higher level than you then it gets "squished" down to your level so you cant just get lucky and catch an overleveled pal.
    I built it thinking that was what it did.
    True plus it gives us a reason to build it since I don’t like overworking my pals so I don’t even bother building the station.
    Yeah I was hoping that station would be a priority function. 
I can't remember what mining level dumud has but for mining they need level 2 mining to be able to mine Ores, so they'll always run off to mine rocks instead of they are level 1.
    Dumud is level 2 so him going to the stone and not ore is no bueno
        Yeah I have a secondary base at the ores behind the desolate church. I tried setting up a stone pit but literally all my mining pals stop mining ore to go mine stone at the pit so I had to remove it.
            [deleted]
                Hopefully they update the system in the future to make it easier to assign task priority to pals.
                    I'm really hoping we can set priority like some other games. Where we just assign priority from like -3 to +3.
    Jesus that makes so much sense!
I would like a base UI overhaul like the ability to assign pals tasks in the table UI or in the palbox. And I wish that every building had built in storage that the base shared inventory could draw from.
    A job priority, per Pal, would be nice as well.
The funny thing though.. the bad AI kind of makes them feel like living creatures with minds of their own. If they didn't occasionally act like weird little morons, I'm not sure the game would have so much charm. 

So I'm hoping they don't over-correct and turn them all into mindless robots who only ever do what they're told and nothing else.
    exactly, it makes butchering the dumb ones more fun
    Add an intelligence stat. Easy way to keep some randomness
    I agree to a degree. I want them to occasionally make mistakes. But when the Paldeck has entries that state higher levels of intelligence (than an animal) and a level of understanding similar to human children(specifically lifmunk) and higher I feel it'd be nice if they acted at least a little more competent. 

Currently it's just a bit buggy and most of the problems are from the AI having ADHD and people using Pals with higher hunger requirements and just feeding them berries.

Example: A Pal is transporting, I've noticed it drop the item it's transporting and run over to grab another item before reaching a box with the first item. Even though the box that it was going to would have been 2~3 steps away.

Example 2: Arsox will run to the feed basket to eat every 5~15 seconds of work if there's only berries in there because of how the feeding system works. They don't eat till they are full, they eat until they "aren't hungry" which can be 1 berry to just put them over the threshold. You can see this in action with the feed bag as the player (and their Pal team work the same way) just fill your first slot with berries, get hungry, and watch your character chow the fuck down on berries every few steps. It's why on bigger Pals Glutton is arguably worse than slacker and diet-lover is arguably better than artisan unless you are feeding them something like pancakes, all the time spent eating makes the bonuses and penalties a moot point.
    Haha yes I agree and honestly wouldn't bug me much if they never added that feature. But ugh, having to take pals out of my base and put them back in because they get stuck in a corner or something drives me crazy.
    Yeah pals have their own private shit going on closer to simulation games like Dwarf Fortress or Rimworld
We need a Foreman/Officer desk. With it, you can control the work assignments at the base.

Tell which Pal to go where for work. And assign recipes for stations to carry out. Similar to RimWorld and its crafting mechanic if you every played that.

It would be nice not to have to return to my farm all the time to continue making Flour. I wish I could just select an option that says "This Mill will continue to make Flour" and then Pals keep working there to make Flour whenever Wheat becomes available.
    I kind of assumed that's what the Station you could build around level 17 did. Instead, it just gives you the option to work your pals to death for some reason.
        I had the same thought. Then I was sad when I saw it doesn't really help. Yeah, you *could* make them work faster. Doesn't help if pals are running around not doing the best task for them
    Imho Flour should not have a decomposition timer. The shelf life of flour IRL is basically a full year. 

Also, the freezer should retain cold after being "powered up" by a frozen pal. It should be a task that takes a few minutes, and then lasts the whole day. 

I hate logging back into my base and seeing my freezer empty because everything rotted, because I couldn't micromanage my pal to always stay on the cooler.
Same, couldn't assign my paladius to a ranch yesterday because it didn't have freezing skill somehow ? 

Aside from that, the order of priority is a mess. Crafting pals with 1 carry that'll get stuck in an endless loop of carrying small amounts of items, or harvesting crop etc ... doing everything but their job essentially. 

A rimworld-like task management system or the ability to slot pals into workbenches without having to throw them would be great. So many pals that are virtually useless because AI is a mess.
    The pals being huge and the bases pretty small also doesn't help.  It's hard to aim a jormuntide Ignis to a furnace when you can't even see it.
Pal AI is a big one. SIZE IS ANOTHER. As much as I love my Jormungandr Ignis being a big ol snake-dragon that makes smelting a breeze (L4! He's the heat GOAT), they're useless and make other Pals pathing go berserk due to that obscene size!

That and they can't fit through archways and halls in dungeons, get stuck in trees, buildings via clipping, and other places. Impractical, hatched from a huge egg found in the volcano. Cool setpiece, but too big to function good. (Large should be the peak. Large Penking and my flagship Wixen are big enough to act normally while being big figures, not intrusive obstacles!)
I thought that's what the Monitoring Stand would do but all it does is let you set how toxic your work environment is.
I've found two things help: Flat terrain and spacing out the buildings.

Terrain seems to mess with the Pal AI more than anything.

If different things are too close (work benches, cooking stations, and farms for example) then the Pal AI can get special.

Certain stations seem to have very specific hitboxes while others seem to work if the pal just happens to be on the same continent.
Watching my pals not doing any work is making me so mad lmao

I started to kill all the lazy ones to make me feel better
I had a grizzbolt leave mid breeding to go do some logging, what a chad.
For the workbench thing, what’s been working for me so far is to have my crosshair on the “3/250 __ “ progress circle before throwing. I also spaced out my various production stations a fair bit
You can cheese the boss fights right now by just catching them lol

  
https://www.windowscentral.com/gaming/crazy-palworld-bug-lets-you-catch-tower-bosses-heres-how-to-do-it#:\~:text=Instead%2C%20position%20yourself%20so%20that,back%20to%20capture%20it%20instantly.
*Pal sitting in top of tree next to food box*

“I am hungry :(“
    Omg. This. My Pals keep getting stuck on top of ore nodes and starving. Also, if you have the stone quarry and ore nodes, they will prioritize the stone, no matter how many times you toss them at the ore. I had to destroy my stone quarry to get any pals to mine the ore. Aside from these relatively minor gripes, the game is excellent.
        Have you also noticed that pals with mining level 1 won't even try to mine ore?
            iirc they can't, only lvl 2 and higher can. it def should be mentioned somewhere tbh, don't know why it isn't.
                Yep, I noticed this when I went on an ore hunt with my Digger. 

When you hold the 'summon pal' button and hover over the target, it will say something like "unable to assign" if your pal can't do anything with the thing you're aiming at.
                I think they need lvl 3 mining for coal too? I just relocated a base near a bunch of coal and ore, and they only ever mine the ore with 6 lvl 2 miner pals
Absolutely! I planted my flag and made a base directly under the first fast travel tower you see when you start the game (which yes, I regret due to space constraints) and on the stairs down to the bridge over the stream my pals will go up them and turn right too fast, and fall in the corner and just be stuck there. It took me a lot of tries of attempting to patch flooring over it, fencing it off etc. eventually I found the exact spot I can put the large perimeter fence in so that they'd run into it and end up walking over the spot they kept falling and it cut down a lot of freeing my pals
    Enemy AI needs a lot of work too, but hopefully the same improvements can apply to both.
I’m sick of mine running into the water and drowning….
    Bro mine run into the campfire and burn to death.
        Yes! So do mine.
Bruh, my Loupmoon is THE WORST about getting stuck in the most random places.
Yeah, they get stuck somewhere, can't eat, lose SAN and get depressed. logging in to an active server after a day and finding 10+ pals depressed and starving because of bad pathing and AI sucks. You either have to go deer hunting for ages for their horns or spend all of your gold on horns at a vendor, idk if anyone has a better solution but for now I'm just going to start leaving my pals in their box whenever I log off.
Or Pals spawning outside my wall when teleporting back to base. Had a few starving to unconsciousness outside my walls when I came back from exploring. It defeats the purpose of walls when I have to keep my gates open at all times.
My pals weren't appearing at my base no matter what I did. I thought my world/save was bricked and I'd have to start over . 


Turns out that if you build your Pal Box with the back facing right up against some terrain they'll spawn inside it and not appear. 
Well. Given that the idea for the game seeded from "we want to combine everything people like for a game" as long as they don't do a cash & grab this can turn out an exceptional game.
    IT already is an exceptional masterpiece
        It’s already fun.

I wouldn’t even call it fully functional much less a masterpiece. It’s firmly in an early access/beta state. 

Which is a good thing, and consistent with what it’s advertised as. It also means it will improve.
        I like the game but calling it a masterpiece is reaching lol
        Right now it is early access jank (complimentary)
            Having played plenty of earyl access jank, this really feels so much better. It's not flawless and could use improvements, but I'd say it's a step above jank.
                Hell, comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

And it seems they have their priorities right as far as order.
                    Exactly. It already felt way smoother than anything Ark had...
                    > comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

Let's not be crazy here.  I can see Palworld has a good foundation but it's lack of polish is obvious.  

My start of the game was all over the place, I died in the first 10 minutes and the game is like where do you want to spawn and shows me a full map where I have no idea where I even was.  I end of in the right corner of the map only to die to cold a couple more times.  I found some fire and stood on it but the cold overcame anyways.  

Eventually I found the initial island, spawned back there and got my base going and understand things much more.  I appreciate the game doesn't hold your hand but they should have some type of onboarding for new players.  

I am a controller player and I can tell you the controls are not in a good spot.  They don't have button indicators so its really a guessing game on things like what option are you going to get from the Palbox.  Also the invert X and Y are flipped for some reason, that took a bit to figure out.  

I am by no means trashing on an early access game, I love it, but to say its more polished than other AAA titles is just silly.
                        There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
                It's more polished than the 1.0 release of most survival games
            Palworld's early access is more functional than many games at their official release. Granted, that says as much about game quality these days as it does about Palworld, but it still means that Palworld is already a great game even before implementing the planned fixes/updates.
            Hardly janky at all compared to what’s been passing for “Live” recently.
you must be another 4 or 5 digit ark player, too ,🥲🤣
    It was certainly *some* amount of time... 

Now if those hours were transferrable to Palworld... If only
As it should. They failed their players at every turn.
    i loved ark but i got sick and tired of having to do a 50GB update every single time they updated a typo.

Also I got tired of having like 400GB of space taken up for a single game.
        It's like 1TB for me because of mods lmao
            That never made sense to me.

How the hell is a single custom dino model so many GB?
                If I'm recalling correctly..it's how ark handles the dinos.
You need all the files for all the maps it shows up in.
 Even if it's exactly the same.  

I could be wrong though.
Now that you say that I’ve noticed a significant drop in “current player” post concerning ASE and ASA on the Ark sub lately
    Can confirm. I was playing Ark until this dropped out of the blue. I had never heard of it until I saw it on my Game Pass front page. Loving it so far.
        Palworlds the upgrade, which sucks to say honestly cuz I love both games but ASA is such a mess to play and I don’t wanna go back to ASE now with the “upgrade” existing. But as fun as Palworld is it’s still a different game that survival wise feels the same, but still isn’t “The dinosaur game” which is why I fell in love with Ark
    Yep me and my 7 Pals switched from ASA to Palworld Real fucking Quick lmao
even with all its flaws and shitty dev team and shitty communications, ark is a great game.  fuck ASA though
Fuck Ark. I love Ark, it's one of my favorite experiences of all time, but one of my least favorite games and hoops to get through to play it with fun. 

Will never forget how I had to sneak around my first base with my gf because there was a Spino spawned on the other side of the river that jumpscared us once and kept camping the one point we wanted to get through. The atmosphere, the sense of actually surviving early, the dangers of wild dinos just being able to wreck your shit completely are just unrepeatable. But man do I not miss having to wait  10-30 minutes each time to load in cause any timeout resets all mod checks etc, or having to compress the game with each patch to not take nearly 200GB. Man, I'm gonna cope so hard for ark2...
Some other company buying the game and bleeding it dry is usually what kills passion in new studios.

I'd be surprised if Epic hasn't thrown out an offer for PocketPair yet.
    I’d be shocked if anyone aside from Microsoft buys pocketpair. The gamepass support is an obvious connection, and MS has been itching to build their Japanese presence
        They could also get a "Monster collector" game with an actual playerbase.

They'd be crazy to not try anything.
            Microsoft buying them would be perfect for both Xbox and the Devs. Microsoft is pretty hands off with their studios, it would give them the resources they need to really build out the world. Microsoft would get an awesome new IP.
                Jesus christ yall just want everyone to be bought up by megacorps huh
                    Nah you're right, better to just hope they don't go the way of the many other Early Access games that started strong and have nothing to show for it because the devs couldn't handle the success /s

If you don't want this game to end up like 7 Days to Die or Valheim, having a little support and guidance from Microsoft would be the best thing that could happen to Pocket Pair
                No way. Microsoft can keep their grubby hands off.
                Pocket Pair have made over $100million from steam sales alone. They don't need more resources to fully realize this game lol. The only reason they would sell now is if they wanted to maximise immediate profits for the least amount of work or if they got involved in an expensive legal battle with Nintendo.
                    Resources isn't just money. It's Devs with experience, guidance from bigger studios, help with certain issues they can't solve alone etc...
    If anyone is gonna buy em up its probably gonna be Microsoft. they already cut a deal clearly since its on game pass, Microsoft sees this wildly successful game that is driving people towards their game subscription service, you know they're gonna be interested
In my opinion they should bring on a few hot shots to help with specific problems and worry about building their studio. Their CEO has a lot of work ahead
with every new person, there's a chance of onboarding an out of their mind microtransaction enthusiast with enough presence to make it happen. 😂😭
Wait, is that why temtem is practically nonexistent ?
    I had such high hopes for that game, thought it was gonna get an animated show on netflix orso and become a hit.  lol
        True, the hype was real when Temtem launched. Played through the campaign with a friend on launch and sat back eagerly waiting for new tems etc. Years and years later it seems like nothing was really added. Feels bad
            Are you talking about 1.0 ? Because they added temtem after the early access release

Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player
                I liked TemTem but it’s just Pokémon with some QoL changes. There’s very little innovation there.
                    And it's all I need.

Contrary to everyone I'm a fan of the base pokemon formula, I just wanted more combat, more difficulty, a more mature story  and more base length.

Which is everything temtem did. 

I always repeated that temtem with the pokemon license would have been perfect
                    [deleted]
                When people talk about temtem not adding new temtem it's usually post 1.0 release as, of course with every island new temtem came out. 

>Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player

This just isn't true. It didn't get that much good press. It was mostly just "this is an upcoming pokemon clone game that does things well" and it had, as far as I can remember, literally no advertising. A lot of people also didn't think it was that great with the biggest criticisms being the always double battles (which I saw as a plus, I prefer doubles) and the breeding system was ass. The fact that early access also lasted so long gave time for hype to die down. When it comes to games that focus on being an actual pokemon clone there is a very high expectation you have to meet (one that the pokemon games don't even meet anymore but they get a pass from rabid fans). 

Most of what I saw was people lambasting the game  for slow updates, squandering of potential and unneeded nerfs/market control when none was needed. It feels like temtem wanted to be the pokemon game everyone wanted (an actual pokemon mmo) but didn't want to put the effort in to keep it rolling. It should have been a single-player game with coop and trading. And also ditched the MTX, I think it would have been better received. Forcing it to be an always online MMO and then not doing anything after the fact other than cosmetics is the main reason the game stayed irrelevant.
    Basically, yes. Since the kickstarter days they have always said "this is the game, no new maps, no new story, no new tems after version 1.0". They also constantly ignored feedback from players and even managed to make the game worse in some aspects. The game is still active now but it's extremely small compared to what it could have been if the devs were a bit more interested in their own project. At this point it really looks like they made the game and immediately gave up on it
        Damn that's sad. I remember the hype around Temtem but I didn't get into it.
    Tbf they did add temtem during early access as more and more island released naturally, but once the final story island was released, they were very clear that there would be no new temtem outside of the last mystical.
        I played it before 1.0 but this is bizarre. I thought it was a semi live service that would receive constant updates, not a one off game. I guess they’re copying Pokemon there too.
            Releasing a game and then that's it isn't inherently a bad thing and it's weird that it's become the norm to have constant stuff added, even more weird that them NOT constantly adding shit is a downside
                You’re not exactly wrong, but since TemTem is an mmo it is pretty bad and weird to just say that’s it on launch. Why have an mmo if there’s nothing there to keep players outside of just PvP which will get stale, and shiny hunting? 

It’s a great one and done game, but an awful mmo.
                    Agree, I was shocked when people started caring about the "economy" like it's almost as if it's an mmo ONLY in that you see other players running around, it really shouldnt have the mad economy of an mmo
    Temtem devs blew all of their money on hookers lmao, and it's not even a joke. I'm never playing anything from those devs ever again, and I regret buying Temtem during early access because they didn't do any kind of reset and only cared what the top 0.1% of players were saying, thus the economy in that game is completely fucked.
    Yeah, they advertised TemTem as MMO, but don't want to add new regions and TemTems. Pissed of a lot of players I think.

Playing through the campaign is still nice though.
Honestly seeing “more Pals” on the roadmap was a surprise, but a welcome one. The 111 they have is a pretty solid starting number, but I’ll happily take more.

Same with more islands—the current map us already pretty big, but more to explore is good. Hopefully they increase base number (especially for guilds), too.
    I really appreciate the designs so far, so I’m in no rush for needing more pals. But the fact that they are stating they want to add more is significant to me. 

Moar bases would be nice for sure. Do bases go up in size at all later? Or is the starting boundary as big as they go?
        Size stays the same sadly
Not sure how far you’ve gotten but there’s a spot at the bottom of the mountain that’s completely empty, never even saw any thugs. It reminds me of grounded with these empty areas and so far I’ve found two just empty areas. Hopefully these areas are where they’re gonna add new pals. It’s obvious they have some things done in the area like egg spawns and I’ve seen a few cave entrances that are just a wall of odd colored terrain blocking the area off.
    I believe those weird looking cave entrances are where dungeon entries can spawn.
Yeah just look at valheim
I just bought a third party server sub and have it running 24/7. When we log back in our pals have always made a ton of shit for us
    Is there any documentation what is happenig in the world when no player is connected?
        The same stuff that happens when you're logged in :o
            So my base can get raided?

Only played 4 hours so far. Since I don't know what can happen, I turned off my server after I've finished :D
                Raids only happen when a player is at a base. If you aren’t on the server… I don’t think it’s possible to be raided!
                The raid AI is pretty bad anyway, half them don't make it to my base due to pathing if you place it near a cliff ledge. Etc
                TBF my Pals do way more vs raids than I do seemingly lol
That does not work if they were hosting their own world as that file named 0000000000000000001.sav is encoded differently.
    I haven't tried it, but there are ways to go around that. I believe some GitHub scripts exist already to do exactly this using Python


*Edit: found one https://github.com/cheahjs/palworld-save-tools
Sent a DM!
does this work accross xbox to steam saves?
They honestly just need to fix all the junk and clunkiness right now. Make it feel polished then add content, otherwise it will just get bad and once you tie the buggy systems to new systems, fixing them will slowly progress into impossibility. Content will make the game feel fresh longer, but some huge new update will not feel good if it's just for the new mobs to clip into stones or a new boss chasing you infinitly while your pals cheese him because the short range melee attack has no time out on agro.
I have played a couple of hours and the most challenging part was building roofs over my hut...
You can but it's a bit hacky, you need to aim upwards, towards the sky a bit. For some reason if you're looking directly at the ground it's red
I'd just like to be able to snap a gate into a structure, so I can have a Pal Barn.
Yes! And things to make walls look a little less flat would be nice. 
Theres a couple mods for that on nexus mods
AFAIK (not OP), after setting the actual foundations on the ground, the 2nd floors and up are made of well-placed roofs and walls.
My series x never crashes on solos but when someone joins me it lags for a sec then sometimes crashes. Only normally when I get someone to join
100% this, I love the game and apart from the few obvious issues that they are looking to address straight away, there is alot of QOL issues that modders could easily bang out quickly (Please for the love of god let me search and sort my pal box by passive traits)
This game looks like a passion project, you don't abandon a passion project just like that i think.
    Money changes things. They're now in the big leagues now with how much success they've had in such a short period of time, and who knows if they have the ability to deal with things. They have money to reinvest into the company, but can they do it quick enough to fix bugs and such in a timely manner.

I'm sure there's a lot of stress, anxiety, fear, excitement, etc. I can't imagine what the people in that company are going through. I know they've gotten death threats from Pokemon fans, and there seems to be endless amounts of criticism for being too much like Pokemon, Ark, Rust, etc.
        I think one thing to remember is that game developing studios are still companies at the end of the day. The owners will be the ones getting rich. The executives will get big bonuses. The devs will get bonuses too but likely will not become rich from this. It seems the CEO is the owner of PocketPair as well. The owner is now very rich but the employees of pocketpair will continue to receive their agreed upon salaries. It's probably exciting and stressful for the devs now that they have all eyes on them but it's still regular days as a game dev.
Who gave Depresso an iPhone?!
yeah.... sounds like...
Underwater mapping would be cool as fuck, right now the water is just an obstacle to get around, I hope they go in that direction.
I feel like underwater would be a whole ass expansion after 1.0.
As a fire pal tamer I disagree. We need magma fishing.
Sounds like Warframe fortuna fishing. We use electric spears to catch robot fish.
    I could never get into Warframe but stuff like this sounds pretty cool
        There were times I spent all day on the world maps just to gather resources b/c they involved clever little mini games like that.
That's redneck fishing
\*Tosses a grenade into the lake.\*
Speaking of commands: Give us more options to control the pals. Stuff like "defend me" that will only attack pals that attacked us first, or "non lethal" that will stop attacking if it's likely to kill the target. And also "attack anything you see" which apparently isn't what the current command does.
    'non-lethal' command would be amazing
        And like, it's fine if they're a little overly cautious too. But some enemies are too strong to bring down with just weapons, but pals tend to be a little... Messy, with their attacks. Half the time, I need to throw a low level sphere to give the enemy a time out, then command my pal to chill out. 
Things like grapple hook should be made into a core item like the glider with its own slot.  Then I would use it.
The devs are on the record having said "the PvP will not be like Ark or Rust" so we don't actually know what they will implement
    I really hope not, because rolling up to a base with a rocket launcher and demolishing everything in sight is waaaay too easy. Also, with hacks even now available... it will again attract the lowest common denominator scum.
        I Think it Will be like a PVP arena of some sort. I hope so.
            That would be perfect. Specially if they implement server hoping, a Terraria like feature, I can build my base in peace and go to a Gym/Arena/whatever and challenge another player to a pal battle.
            My vote would be an extraction shooter island with some rare or unique pals/loot farming for pal souls or something.

Restrict building on there, and have some sort of balance system to equalize for level differences. Or make the Pals you catch there extremely strong while you're in the zone so people are incentivized to fight with what you catch there before you take them out of the zone.
            If it's anything like Monster Rancher 2's arena tournaments that'd be awesome. Would work for PVP and PVE content.
        If you think that’s easy, wait till you get Mossanda Lux’s or Relaxasaurus’ saddle.. you could literally have a squad of guys on the back of giant blue squishy dinos roll up and spam infinite launchers on you. There’s no way that’s the route they go.
I think this point isn't something to be worried about, they have it listed as a "PVP **arena**" I don't think it's going to be like typical rust/ark likes where the PVP will be able to happen in the overworld. I don't see "base raiding" being a thing players can do to each other with how easily someone could destroy a base and such with a single attack. And then add in that you can just fly over a base and be able to attack from the skies and then the whole idea falls apart since we currently have no actual anti-air.
The game does need arena pal pvp in my opinion but nothing else outside the arena. I want pokemon battles against friends, not shooting rockets at their base. 
But imagine capturing your friends' avatars in a palsphere, and having them work at your base. Obviously your friend would just respawn, but having their avatar as a pal would be....something.
Lol, the gear no matter what weather it is. Short dress with no protection.  Ooo and the pretty blue and red feather head gear. Lol
and the male characters are all either anime little boy or grizzled guy with cheekbones sharper than scalpels. 

None of the heads seem to fit the bodies.
I lust for an option to restrict what goes in each chest.
Thanks for the tip!
My crew was messing with ideas for a mod that let you make Pal Convoys between bases to transport materials back and forth.  Linking inventories would be the easy way, but the base building optimizer in me wants to have trade caravans.
Gamefreak's problem is actually the opposite. They seem to refuse to expand their team to have the capacity to do what is needed. They are forced to make games to line up with the schedule of the anime and instead of building a robust team or pushing back on that requirement they just shovel out the same lazy product with a few colorful stickers slapped on to make it look new and as they are forced to deal with more and more advanced systems their slapshod efforts become buggier and buggier.
Yeah sure I'm not in disagreement with the overall sentiment but that doesn't make it a roadmap. It's more of a wish/goal list.
    Sure but roadmap probably translates across languages more succinctly and after all it's about optics. They are probably stressing hard behind the scenes trying to expand their team with the right talent. If they're lucky they've already found a few decent acquisitions but they are yet to start working with the build and so they can't guarantee the expanded team will work efficiently together or not run into certain road(map)blocks.
        Experience needed: 5 - 10 years using USB based version control.
            -Are you experienced in bucket ?

-bitbucket ?

-no bucket
            Nice to have: Creative vision
    I think the existance of priorities makes it count.
Are you guys already done?? I've played 25 hours and still only defeated Zoe. Sure I have another 10 on my gamepass world but DAMN. Yall be consuming like crazy
    We're the same person. I beat Zoe so far and have about 25 hours in. I honestly couldn't even tell you where any other main bosses are yet. I've got plenty of hours left in this game.
        I'm at about the same point and I've seen one more tower. Seen, not reached. It's still something I can see only from the top of a mountain lol
            Exactly! I guess if you beeline towers that would quicken things up but I'm too worried about getting bodied by a tocotoco or sonething
    40 hours, level 23.  

I’ve cheesed some towers and dungeons.  Haven’t started breeding yet.  Done a lot of exploring and hitting fast travels, but I still haven’t seen all of the map.  No second base yet.  

My buddy is just building his base intricately and he’s like level 15.  Taking his time.  

I feel like I’ve gone hard in the paint.  People ahead of me either have no job or are avoiding work more so than I am (wfh).  I’d say they’re farther down on the obsessive spectrum from me, leaning towards problematic.  Lol.  

If people are crying for more right now, I’d strongly encourage them to touch grass or go to the gym.
        I made a dessert outpost super basic so I can fast travel other then that I've been figuring out the ai jank and have almost finished working our the perfect layout for my future final base. Starfiekd I had to do the same thing with ship building lol
The fuck? Almost nobody is done with the game
This game came out less than a week ago LMAO
I was so disappointed after I built that. I've never used it. I'm not evil. These guys aren't slaves, they're family. 

Maybe add it to an upgraded version of that. A full on Gazebo.
    Oh you guys are seeing them as family….
        yep family business. its how you get free labor
    We removed it from our base was so pointless as much as I want them to work hard I don't wanna deal with broken bones and depressed pals
        I'm legitimately curious if judicious use of the medicine bench and max slave driver settings can pay off in the long run.
    Haha me too 

“Oh this tech lets me manage the pals, maybe I can get the miners to mine ore rather than pulling them off the stone quarry all the time”

“Wait…that was fucking stupid”
The Ram usage tends to go up really quick on anyone hosting / on the computer that is playing the single player campaign when folks start exploring.

I had a player teleport on my  dedicated server to a fast travel point no one was at after restart, and ram usage shotup 800mb. Coming back to it later didnt increase it as much.

Even after leaving a location it seems it likes to keep everything in memory, so eventually you will cap out and start having oddities like capture balls not completing capture animations, and etc. Fix for that is just restarting, but oh boy in a server with 10 people, 16 gb of ram definitely is not enough when folks reach later levels to start exploring around
    The game has a pretty serious memory leak. I am running a dedicated server with 32 gb of ram and I have to restart the docker container every day so that it doesn't fill my entire 500GB ssd with a swap file.
They def have to expand at this point, and fast.
    [deleted]
        Yeah, what they really need to do is find one highly experienced person and put them in charge. Hunt: Showdown did this in the past year, created a new "general manager" position and put David Fifield in charge, an industry veteran, and the game's been so much better ever since.
            Former Hunt player here - care to elaborate?
                Hunt was sort of just coasting for a little while. The events were annoying and grindy, content was far and few between. Now the events are content rich and easy to complete, a new map and engine upgrade is coming, we got a miniboss, lots of fun new guns, new traits, and features popularly requested like weapon inspect. The game has really picked up since he was put in charge.
                    Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
                        Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
    Unfortunately, that's the problem with smaller companies. 

To find someone, onboard the new hire, then train them and bring to speed can take months. It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).  

I wish them success and hope they can succeed, but the instant flood of popularity is going to be very difficult to manage.
        Hold up guys I have a big brain idea. Let’s get them to hire people from Nintendo
        >It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).

I mean some people theoretically work on their other early access game Craftopia.
            I bet, considering their size and budget, they put all focus on palworld. I think they abandoned craftopia but perhaps with the new funding, they decided to make two teams and both games will get support. I heard part of the reason craftopia failed was because it was really ambitious, and maybe it's not so ambitious anymore if they can upgrade from however many employees they have to 50 or more. 250m in revenue beings them many possibilities, but also will go quick I imagine if not managed well.
                If this gets us (the playerbase) a new aa company that gives the people what they want, it might set the precedent for many future game developers and also give us tons of great games down the road.
    No they don’t. They got here with the team they have. Unless the team has completely plateaued in terms of technical knowhow there’s no problem with them staying the same size. I paid a flat fee for the game as it is now because it’s worth the price, as it is now. Anything they add extra is just a bonus now. The best way to see the game fucked up is for them to expand too fast, rush shit out, and end up with a game worse than what it is currently.
        Technically you paid for a promised product, as the game is in Early Access. After they deem the game feature complete and 1.0, THEN everything after is bonus content.
            Pay for what you see. Paying for early access for what the game \*might\* become is risky and encourages bad business practices. 

Palworld is already worth $30, which is why I bought it. So all development from now on is a bonus.
                I completely agree up until you said that last sentence, because thats against what Early Access stands for. 

I paid for the game because its currently worth its price, but the fact is that you and I both paid full price for a half finished game, meaning when they finish it, and only then, will it be considered the product we paid for. 

I understand your point of view being that anything past this point is extra, but that too is a bad mindset to have. That mindset leads to not only early access devs thinking that their game is *good enough* and then charging for extra content or abandoning the game and just cashing out, but it also encourages people to feel as though the game should rise in price at launch, but as far as we know the games price tag is 30 dollars and will always be 30 dollars, because thats what the devs decided the final product will be worth.
                    For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
        Well I hope at least they fix the countless game breaking bugs, not really worth the price if your entire world bugs out every 5 minutes
            What are you doing with your game? I merely had a audio bug and I have already 30 hours of play time.
                There's some pretty bad bugs, for example in order to get into my solo world, I have to first launch a new multiplayer world (which can always be the same one so long as I don't actually play the new game) 

If I don't do this, my game crashes, and it will keep crashing on loading the old world until I enter the new one.

It's not a huge deal, only a minor inconvenience, but is still kinda annoying when I forget.
    Fast expansion, or any expansion after a project has become established is difficult. Adding new people doesn’t necessarily mean that things will be done faster, after a certain point of expansion.
They obviously know how to make, now they get to learn how to maintain and improve.
Could be a new franchise even - Pokemon lasted decades, despite the fact that they more or less ignore the community, which wanted more adult games and games for PC!

Not to mention base-building, having your creatures work for you (we see that in the world and even the anime, but we ourselfs could never let the creatures perform tasks for us, despite the fact that they are clearly more intelligent than dogs and even dolphins! Hell, some like say Lucario is probably as smart as the character!

Hell, palworld needs to double down on that IMHO! What do I mean? We should be able to send pals (alone or in teams) on expeditions ("Go out and farm x!" or "Go out and catch X!")

ps: The pals need more pathing and AI, because something that can supposedly run an assembly line (and build it, too!) should not make that many mistakes (not picking up stuff, prioritizing stone over ore etc.)...still, it's good for early access IMHO!
I want to be able to assign storage preferences. I like having a raw materials box, a pal corpse remains box, manufactured box, etc. Pals just bring whatever item they want to the nearest box with an open slot so it took me a while to figure out why my system was getting messed up all the time.
    But they don’t even always chose the closest chest. They keep taking my wheat to the feeder (then they eat it) which is very far away when I’d rather they just put in the box next to the farm so I can feed it into the mill.
        Fill the feeder with single candy floss except the slots your using and they’ll take wheat to cool box/chest
            Honey also works, it doesn't expire either, as long as doesn't get accidentally selected when you make cake.
            what's candy floss?
                I think cotton candy that the woolipops drop. I’m assuming that’s a word for it in a non American English speaking country
            I use coins since I have a millions of them and they weigh nothing. Then I put a single item of the items I want stored. Reminds me of the old minecraft auto sorter, but less “auto”.
        I will put 1 wheat at the last slot in the feeder box, this way the wheat that the pals load into the box will be stacked there. And being the last slot, the pals won't get to eat it unless your feeder box runs out of other food.
    Idk, I've seen my farming pals go halfway across my base to put berries in the feed basket, even though other storage was closer. 
        That is a good exception to the rule. That would suck if they didn’t
            Id prefer they put the food in the refrigerator
        i WISH, mine will run to the other side of mine to throw berries in storage even tho the feed basket is right next to my berry farm. AND they like to choose different boxes each time, i have stashes of berries everywhere from them
    Or even just placeholders for items when theyre used up and the ability to easily lock chests from pals ie private ones for items, eventually when all the placeholders fill theyd have to go to the correct chests, i feel like itd be less complicated and easy to implement
        Since crafting already pulls from any storage on the base, would be cool to do it like Palia. Building storage containers increases your maximum storage slots, and every container links to the same storage.
    I'd like to see that too, or maybe just a craftable item called a Pal chest, that they would prefer, or if you could just toggle pal prevention on any chest that you interact with.

&#x200B;

There's a nice workaround though. For any chest that you don't want the pals to mess with, you fill all of the open slots with a single arrow.
        Or just be able to assign slots for a chest. In chest "X" the slot 1 is assigned to wood. All priority dropoff for wood now goes to that slot instead of open slot.
Yup, the throwing the work pal never works for me, unless there's only one facility nearby. but I can still pick them up even if they're busy,you have to press the button while standing in front of the pals 
    Then there's me, who never thought of throwing a pal at a job to assign them. I just let them naturally do their thing lol.
        Haha I'm the same, just kinda let the pals do whatever and hope for the best, honestly makes for some hilarious moments when you come back to your base to see what new chaos has erupted. Sometimes I think they have a mind of their own, like when they start working on something you didn't even know needed attention, but hey, keeps things interesting right? Just wish they'd stop chasing butterflies when there's work to be done, but that's half the charm of this crazy game.
            I agree, I also wish they add options to allow pals to initiate works (like crafting, producing wheat, etc) rather than waiting for the players to give the order. It would reduce so much hassle and potentially bringing a lot of joy of chaos.
            They burned my house down it is now made of stone
        I play on xbox and i have 2 bases. At my OG base, everything is fine besides these normal problems. At my second base however, *everyone* prioritizes breaking trees. The real problem starts when they go to transport the wood they broke. 7-8 pals will pick up, then drop, then pick up the same piece of wood rapidly, forever. The only thing that stops this loop is walking to it myself and taking it from them. Which kinda defeats the purpose of having my pals be self-sufficient. And the process repeats itself if theres another piece of wood laying around somewhere.

I think a management menu would be perfect. A way to prioritize certain actions, choose what pals do what actions and for how long, and to what degree.

Another issue that i seem to have at my second base is that they work themselves to incapacitation or injury. I have the monitoring stand set and its set to a reasonable workload, but for some reason whenever i go back to my 2nd base, *someone* is injured or incapacitated. Maybe ive missed something, but i dont know what else to do to keep them from overworking themselves besides splitting workloads between numerous different pals. But, then, what do i do for the automated processes they carry out when im not there? The automated processes seems to be what breaks them even when i have my workload set to decent.
    99% of the time I throw one of them they just get stuck in the air where I was holding them... just floating
I think when it says "it can't do cooling," I think it means your pal is on a short break.

Like a cooldown, so to speak. Probably a translation error
Hey, I think “cooling” means cooling off (resting). I’m not entirely sure but everytime I would assign someone and it said “cooling”, they beelined to bed. Might be a translation thing
Simply making the bigger Pals transparent while carrying them would also help.
    Also that, absolutely
    You don't like Jormuntide Ignis being the only thing you can see on your entire screen?!
        My boss jormuntide is the entire base and I'm here for it
            They're just so... Large

I love them. Waiting for the eventual D&D stat block
    With some pals that is already happening.
pals fron your party seem to assign fine, hand throwing has issues
    It only gets worse the larger they are, too. Trying to assign the boss Jormuntide to anything is a hopeless task (unless its the breeding pen since that building's massive)
For freezing & electricity I use only Jolthog & Jolthog Cryst, they both only do electric & freezing (respectively) so they don't get distracted.
    Chillet (lv11 boss)  also had only freezing,  that's who we use
        I prefer smaller Pals for my base, sometimes the big ones randomly get stuck on a roof for a few days and starve
            I don't even build structures any more. I have a 2x2 with a flat roof that I put statue and condenser on. I haven't had any issues with pathfinding after removing my buildings.
            Smaller pals also eat way less food. 
        I'm very fond of Chillet's curled up pose. 
    Rayhound for electric he is only a 2 but it's all he does 
I was so annoyed last night when I built that damn monitoring stand and then realized it had nothing to do with assigning tasks 😭😭😭
    Yup, that’s what the description sounds like it does.

But nope.
    I was thinking the same thing it makes sense to have it there and I like the server transfer thing but I hope it comes with some restrictions like you can’t drop pals from another server or breed them to stop people from just getting high level pals and selling them on eBay
        If a pal is higher level than you then it gets "squished" down to your level so you cant just get lucky and catch an overleveled pal.
I built it thinking that was what it did.
True plus it gives us a reason to build it since I don’t like overworking my pals so I don’t even bother building the station.
Yeah I was hoping that station would be a priority function. 
Dumud is level 2 so him going to the stone and not ore is no bueno
    Yeah I have a secondary base at the ores behind the desolate church. I tried setting up a stone pit but literally all my mining pals stop mining ore to go mine stone at the pit so I had to remove it.
        [deleted]
            Hopefully they update the system in the future to make it easier to assign task priority to pals.
                I'm really hoping we can set priority like some other games. Where we just assign priority from like -3 to +3.
Jesus that makes so much sense!
A job priority, per Pal, would be nice as well.
exactly, it makes butchering the dumb ones more fun
Add an intelligence stat. Easy way to keep some randomness
I agree to a degree. I want them to occasionally make mistakes. But when the Paldeck has entries that state higher levels of intelligence (than an animal) and a level of understanding similar to human children(specifically lifmunk) and higher I feel it'd be nice if they acted at least a little more competent. 

Currently it's just a bit buggy and most of the problems are from the AI having ADHD and people using Pals with higher hunger requirements and just feeding them berries.

Example: A Pal is transporting, I've noticed it drop the item it's transporting and run over to grab another item before reaching a box with the first item. Even though the box that it was going to would have been 2~3 steps away.

Example 2: Arsox will run to the feed basket to eat every 5~15 seconds of work if there's only berries in there because of how the feeding system works. They don't eat till they are full, they eat until they "aren't hungry" which can be 1 berry to just put them over the threshold. You can see this in action with the feed bag as the player (and their Pal team work the same way) just fill your first slot with berries, get hungry, and watch your character chow the fuck down on berries every few steps. It's why on bigger Pals Glutton is arguably worse than slacker and diet-lover is arguably better than artisan unless you are feeding them something like pancakes, all the time spent eating makes the bonuses and penalties a moot point.
Haha yes I agree and honestly wouldn't bug me much if they never added that feature. But ugh, having to take pals out of my base and put them back in because they get stuck in a corner or something drives me crazy.
Yeah pals have their own private shit going on closer to simulation games like Dwarf Fortress or Rimworld
I kind of assumed that's what the Station you could build around level 17 did. Instead, it just gives you the option to work your pals to death for some reason.
    I had the same thought. Then I was sad when I saw it doesn't really help. Yeah, you *could* make them work faster. Doesn't help if pals are running around not doing the best task for them
Imho Flour should not have a decomposition timer. The shelf life of flour IRL is basically a full year. 

Also, the freezer should retain cold after being "powered up" by a frozen pal. It should be a task that takes a few minutes, and then lasts the whole day. 

I hate logging back into my base and seeing my freezer empty because everything rotted, because I couldn't micromanage my pal to always stay on the cooler.
The pals being huge and the bases pretty small also doesn't help.  It's hard to aim a jormuntide Ignis to a furnace when you can't even see it.
Omg. This. My Pals keep getting stuck on top of ore nodes and starving. Also, if you have the stone quarry and ore nodes, they will prioritize the stone, no matter how many times you toss them at the ore. I had to destroy my stone quarry to get any pals to mine the ore. Aside from these relatively minor gripes, the game is excellent.
    Have you also noticed that pals with mining level 1 won't even try to mine ore?
        iirc they can't, only lvl 2 and higher can. it def should be mentioned somewhere tbh, don't know why it isn't.
            Yep, I noticed this when I went on an ore hunt with my Digger. 

When you hold the 'summon pal' button and hover over the target, it will say something like "unable to assign" if your pal can't do anything with the thing you're aiming at.
            I think they need lvl 3 mining for coal too? I just relocated a base near a bunch of coal and ore, and they only ever mine the ore with 6 lvl 2 miner pals
Enemy AI needs a lot of work too, but hopefully the same improvements can apply to both.
Bro mine run into the campfire and burn to death.
    Yes! So do mine.
IT already is an exceptional masterpiece
    It’s already fun.

I wouldn’t even call it fully functional much less a masterpiece. It’s firmly in an early access/beta state. 

Which is a good thing, and consistent with what it’s advertised as. It also means it will improve.
    I like the game but calling it a masterpiece is reaching lol
    Right now it is early access jank (complimentary)
        Having played plenty of earyl access jank, this really feels so much better. It's not flawless and could use improvements, but I'd say it's a step above jank.
            Hell, comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

And it seems they have their priorities right as far as order.
                Exactly. It already felt way smoother than anything Ark had...
                > comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

Let's not be crazy here.  I can see Palworld has a good foundation but it's lack of polish is obvious.  

My start of the game was all over the place, I died in the first 10 minutes and the game is like where do you want to spawn and shows me a full map where I have no idea where I even was.  I end of in the right corner of the map only to die to cold a couple more times.  I found some fire and stood on it but the cold overcame anyways.  

Eventually I found the initial island, spawned back there and got my base going and understand things much more.  I appreciate the game doesn't hold your hand but they should have some type of onboarding for new players.  

I am a controller player and I can tell you the controls are not in a good spot.  They don't have button indicators so its really a guessing game on things like what option are you going to get from the Palbox.  Also the invert X and Y are flipped for some reason, that took a bit to figure out.  

I am by no means trashing on an early access game, I love it, but to say its more polished than other AAA titles is just silly.
                    There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
            It's more polished than the 1.0 release of most survival games
        Palworld's early access is more functional than many games at their official release. Granted, that says as much about game quality these days as it does about Palworld, but it still means that Palworld is already a great game even before implementing the planned fixes/updates.
        Hardly janky at all compared to what’s been passing for “Live” recently.
It was certainly *some* amount of time... 

Now if those hours were transferrable to Palworld... If only
i loved ark but i got sick and tired of having to do a 50GB update every single time they updated a typo.

Also I got tired of having like 400GB of space taken up for a single game.
    It's like 1TB for me because of mods lmao
        That never made sense to me.

How the hell is a single custom dino model so many GB?
            If I'm recalling correctly..it's how ark handles the dinos.
You need all the files for all the maps it shows up in.
 Even if it's exactly the same.  

I could be wrong though.
Can confirm. I was playing Ark until this dropped out of the blue. I had never heard of it until I saw it on my Game Pass front page. Loving it so far.
    Palworlds the upgrade, which sucks to say honestly cuz I love both games but ASA is such a mess to play and I don’t wanna go back to ASE now with the “upgrade” existing. But as fun as Palworld is it’s still a different game that survival wise feels the same, but still isn’t “The dinosaur game” which is why I fell in love with Ark
Yep me and my 7 Pals switched from ASA to Palworld Real fucking Quick lmao
I’d be shocked if anyone aside from Microsoft buys pocketpair. The gamepass support is an obvious connection, and MS has been itching to build their Japanese presence
    They could also get a "Monster collector" game with an actual playerbase.

They'd be crazy to not try anything.
        Microsoft buying them would be perfect for both Xbox and the Devs. Microsoft is pretty hands off with their studios, it would give them the resources they need to really build out the world. Microsoft would get an awesome new IP.
            Jesus christ yall just want everyone to be bought up by megacorps huh
                Nah you're right, better to just hope they don't go the way of the many other Early Access games that started strong and have nothing to show for it because the devs couldn't handle the success /s

If you don't want this game to end up like 7 Days to Die or Valheim, having a little support and guidance from Microsoft would be the best thing that could happen to Pocket Pair
            No way. Microsoft can keep their grubby hands off.
            Pocket Pair have made over $100million from steam sales alone. They don't need more resources to fully realize this game lol. The only reason they would sell now is if they wanted to maximise immediate profits for the least amount of work or if they got involved in an expensive legal battle with Nintendo.
                Resources isn't just money. It's Devs with experience, guidance from bigger studios, help with certain issues they can't solve alone etc...
If anyone is gonna buy em up its probably gonna be Microsoft. they already cut a deal clearly since its on game pass, Microsoft sees this wildly successful game that is driving people towards their game subscription service, you know they're gonna be interested
I had such high hopes for that game, thought it was gonna get an animated show on netflix orso and become a hit.  lol
    True, the hype was real when Temtem launched. Played through the campaign with a friend on launch and sat back eagerly waiting for new tems etc. Years and years later it seems like nothing was really added. Feels bad
        Are you talking about 1.0 ? Because they added temtem after the early access release

Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player
            I liked TemTem but it’s just Pokémon with some QoL changes. There’s very little innovation there.
                And it's all I need.

Contrary to everyone I'm a fan of the base pokemon formula, I just wanted more combat, more difficulty, a more mature story  and more base length.

Which is everything temtem did. 

I always repeated that temtem with the pokemon license would have been perfect
                [deleted]
            When people talk about temtem not adding new temtem it's usually post 1.0 release as, of course with every island new temtem came out. 

>Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player

This just isn't true. It didn't get that much good press. It was mostly just "this is an upcoming pokemon clone game that does things well" and it had, as far as I can remember, literally no advertising. A lot of people also didn't think it was that great with the biggest criticisms being the always double battles (which I saw as a plus, I prefer doubles) and the breeding system was ass. The fact that early access also lasted so long gave time for hype to die down. When it comes to games that focus on being an actual pokemon clone there is a very high expectation you have to meet (one that the pokemon games don't even meet anymore but they get a pass from rabid fans). 

Most of what I saw was people lambasting the game  for slow updates, squandering of potential and unneeded nerfs/market control when none was needed. It feels like temtem wanted to be the pokemon game everyone wanted (an actual pokemon mmo) but didn't want to put the effort in to keep it rolling. It should have been a single-player game with coop and trading. And also ditched the MTX, I think it would have been better received. Forcing it to be an always online MMO and then not doing anything after the fact other than cosmetics is the main reason the game stayed irrelevant.
Basically, yes. Since the kickstarter days they have always said "this is the game, no new maps, no new story, no new tems after version 1.0". They also constantly ignored feedback from players and even managed to make the game worse in some aspects. The game is still active now but it's extremely small compared to what it could have been if the devs were a bit more interested in their own project. At this point it really looks like they made the game and immediately gave up on it
    Damn that's sad. I remember the hype around Temtem but I didn't get into it.
Tbf they did add temtem during early access as more and more island released naturally, but once the final story island was released, they were very clear that there would be no new temtem outside of the last mystical.
    I played it before 1.0 but this is bizarre. I thought it was a semi live service that would receive constant updates, not a one off game. I guess they’re copying Pokemon there too.
        Releasing a game and then that's it isn't inherently a bad thing and it's weird that it's become the norm to have constant stuff added, even more weird that them NOT constantly adding shit is a downside
            You’re not exactly wrong, but since TemTem is an mmo it is pretty bad and weird to just say that’s it on launch. Why have an mmo if there’s nothing there to keep players outside of just PvP which will get stale, and shiny hunting? 

It’s a great one and done game, but an awful mmo.
                Agree, I was shocked when people started caring about the "economy" like it's almost as if it's an mmo ONLY in that you see other players running around, it really shouldnt have the mad economy of an mmo
Temtem devs blew all of their money on hookers lmao, and it's not even a joke. I'm never playing anything from those devs ever again, and I regret buying Temtem during early access because they didn't do any kind of reset and only cared what the top 0.1% of players were saying, thus the economy in that game is completely fucked.
Yeah, they advertised TemTem as MMO, but don't want to add new regions and TemTems. Pissed of a lot of players I think.

Playing through the campaign is still nice though.
I really appreciate the designs so far, so I’m in no rush for needing more pals. But the fact that they are stating they want to add more is significant to me. 

Moar bases would be nice for sure. Do bases go up in size at all later? Or is the starting boundary as big as they go?
    Size stays the same sadly
I believe those weird looking cave entrances are where dungeon entries can spawn.
Is there any documentation what is happenig in the world when no player is connected?
    The same stuff that happens when you're logged in :o
        So my base can get raided?

Only played 4 hours so far. Since I don't know what can happen, I turned off my server after I've finished :D
            Raids only happen when a player is at a base. If you aren’t on the server… I don’t think it’s possible to be raided!
            The raid AI is pretty bad anyway, half them don't make it to my base due to pathing if you place it near a cliff ledge. Etc
            TBF my Pals do way more vs raids than I do seemingly lol
I haven't tried it, but there are ways to go around that. I believe some GitHub scripts exist already to do exactly this using Python


*Edit: found one https://github.com/cheahjs/palworld-save-tools
Money changes things. They're now in the big leagues now with how much success they've had in such a short period of time, and who knows if they have the ability to deal with things. They have money to reinvest into the company, but can they do it quick enough to fix bugs and such in a timely manner.

I'm sure there's a lot of stress, anxiety, fear, excitement, etc. I can't imagine what the people in that company are going through. I know they've gotten death threats from Pokemon fans, and there seems to be endless amounts of criticism for being too much like Pokemon, Ark, Rust, etc.
    I think one thing to remember is that game developing studios are still companies at the end of the day. The owners will be the ones getting rich. The executives will get big bonuses. The devs will get bonuses too but likely will not become rich from this. It seems the CEO is the owner of PocketPair as well. The owner is now very rich but the employees of pocketpair will continue to receive their agreed upon salaries. It's probably exciting and stressful for the devs now that they have all eyes on them but it's still regular days as a game dev.
I could never get into Warframe but stuff like this sounds pretty cool
    There were times I spent all day on the world maps just to gather resources b/c they involved clever little mini games like that.
'non-lethal' command would be amazing
    And like, it's fine if they're a little overly cautious too. But some enemies are too strong to bring down with just weapons, but pals tend to be a little... Messy, with their attacks. Half the time, I need to throw a low level sphere to give the enemy a time out, then command my pal to chill out. 
I really hope not, because rolling up to a base with a rocket launcher and demolishing everything in sight is waaaay too easy. Also, with hacks even now available... it will again attract the lowest common denominator scum.
    I Think it Will be like a PVP arena of some sort. I hope so.
        That would be perfect. Specially if they implement server hoping, a Terraria like feature, I can build my base in peace and go to a Gym/Arena/whatever and challenge another player to a pal battle.
        My vote would be an extraction shooter island with some rare or unique pals/loot farming for pal souls or something.

Restrict building on there, and have some sort of balance system to equalize for level differences. Or make the Pals you catch there extremely strong while you're in the zone so people are incentivized to fight with what you catch there before you take them out of the zone.
        If it's anything like Monster Rancher 2's arena tournaments that'd be awesome. Would work for PVP and PVE content.
    If you think that’s easy, wait till you get Mossanda Lux’s or Relaxasaurus’ saddle.. you could literally have a squad of guys on the back of giant blue squishy dinos roll up and spam infinite launchers on you. There’s no way that’s the route they go.
Sure but roadmap probably translates across languages more succinctly and after all it's about optics. They are probably stressing hard behind the scenes trying to expand their team with the right talent. If they're lucky they've already found a few decent acquisitions but they are yet to start working with the build and so they can't guarantee the expanded team will work efficiently together or not run into certain road(map)blocks.
    Experience needed: 5 - 10 years using USB based version control.
        -Are you experienced in bucket ?

-bitbucket ?

-no bucket
        Nice to have: Creative vision
I think the existance of priorities makes it count.
We're the same person. I beat Zoe so far and have about 25 hours in. I honestly couldn't even tell you where any other main bosses are yet. I've got plenty of hours left in this game.
    I'm at about the same point and I've seen one more tower. Seen, not reached. It's still something I can see only from the top of a mountain lol
        Exactly! I guess if you beeline towers that would quicken things up but I'm too worried about getting bodied by a tocotoco or sonething
40 hours, level 23.  

I’ve cheesed some towers and dungeons.  Haven’t started breeding yet.  Done a lot of exploring and hitting fast travels, but I still haven’t seen all of the map.  No second base yet.  

My buddy is just building his base intricately and he’s like level 15.  Taking his time.  

I feel like I’ve gone hard in the paint.  People ahead of me either have no job or are avoiding work more so than I am (wfh).  I’d say they’re farther down on the obsessive spectrum from me, leaning towards problematic.  Lol.  

If people are crying for more right now, I’d strongly encourage them to touch grass or go to the gym.
    I made a dessert outpost super basic so I can fast travel other then that I've been figuring out the ai jank and have almost finished working our the perfect layout for my future final base. Starfiekd I had to do the same thing with ship building lol
Oh you guys are seeing them as family….
    yep family business. its how you get free labor
We removed it from our base was so pointless as much as I want them to work hard I don't wanna deal with broken bones and depressed pals
    I'm legitimately curious if judicious use of the medicine bench and max slave driver settings can pay off in the long run.
Haha me too 

“Oh this tech lets me manage the pals, maybe I can get the miners to mine ore rather than pulling them off the stone quarry all the time”

“Wait…that was fucking stupid”
The game has a pretty serious memory leak. I am running a dedicated server with 32 gb of ram and I have to restart the docker container every day so that it doesn't fill my entire 500GB ssd with a swap file.
[deleted]
    Yeah, what they really need to do is find one highly experienced person and put them in charge. Hunt: Showdown did this in the past year, created a new "general manager" position and put David Fifield in charge, an industry veteran, and the game's been so much better ever since.
        Former Hunt player here - care to elaborate?
            Hunt was sort of just coasting for a little while. The events were annoying and grindy, content was far and few between. Now the events are content rich and easy to complete, a new map and engine upgrade is coming, we got a miniboss, lots of fun new guns, new traits, and features popularly requested like weapon inspect. The game has really picked up since he was put in charge.
                Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
                    Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
Unfortunately, that's the problem with smaller companies. 

To find someone, onboard the new hire, then train them and bring to speed can take months. It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).  

I wish them success and hope they can succeed, but the instant flood of popularity is going to be very difficult to manage.
    Hold up guys I have a big brain idea. Let’s get them to hire people from Nintendo
    >It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).

I mean some people theoretically work on their other early access game Craftopia.
        I bet, considering their size and budget, they put all focus on palworld. I think they abandoned craftopia but perhaps with the new funding, they decided to make two teams and both games will get support. I heard part of the reason craftopia failed was because it was really ambitious, and maybe it's not so ambitious anymore if they can upgrade from however many employees they have to 50 or more. 250m in revenue beings them many possibilities, but also will go quick I imagine if not managed well.
            If this gets us (the playerbase) a new aa company that gives the people what they want, it might set the precedent for many future game developers and also give us tons of great games down the road.
No they don’t. They got here with the team they have. Unless the team has completely plateaued in terms of technical knowhow there’s no problem with them staying the same size. I paid a flat fee for the game as it is now because it’s worth the price, as it is now. Anything they add extra is just a bonus now. The best way to see the game fucked up is for them to expand too fast, rush shit out, and end up with a game worse than what it is currently.
    Technically you paid for a promised product, as the game is in Early Access. After they deem the game feature complete and 1.0, THEN everything after is bonus content.
        Pay for what you see. Paying for early access for what the game \*might\* become is risky and encourages bad business practices. 

Palworld is already worth $30, which is why I bought it. So all development from now on is a bonus.
            I completely agree up until you said that last sentence, because thats against what Early Access stands for. 

I paid for the game because its currently worth its price, but the fact is that you and I both paid full price for a half finished game, meaning when they finish it, and only then, will it be considered the product we paid for. 

I understand your point of view being that anything past this point is extra, but that too is a bad mindset to have. That mindset leads to not only early access devs thinking that their game is *good enough* and then charging for extra content or abandoning the game and just cashing out, but it also encourages people to feel as though the game should rise in price at launch, but as far as we know the games price tag is 30 dollars and will always be 30 dollars, because thats what the devs decided the final product will be worth.
                For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
    Well I hope at least they fix the countless game breaking bugs, not really worth the price if your entire world bugs out every 5 minutes
        What are you doing with your game? I merely had a audio bug and I have already 30 hours of play time.
            There's some pretty bad bugs, for example in order to get into my solo world, I have to first launch a new multiplayer world (which can always be the same one so long as I don't actually play the new game) 

If I don't do this, my game crashes, and it will keep crashing on loading the old world until I enter the new one.

It's not a huge deal, only a minor inconvenience, but is still kinda annoying when I forget.
Fast expansion, or any expansion after a project has become established is difficult. Adding new people doesn’t necessarily mean that things will be done faster, after a certain point of expansion.
But they don’t even always chose the closest chest. They keep taking my wheat to the feeder (then they eat it) which is very far away when I’d rather they just put in the box next to the farm so I can feed it into the mill.
    Fill the feeder with single candy floss except the slots your using and they’ll take wheat to cool box/chest
        Honey also works, it doesn't expire either, as long as doesn't get accidentally selected when you make cake.
        what's candy floss?
            I think cotton candy that the woolipops drop. I’m assuming that’s a word for it in a non American English speaking country
        I use coins since I have a millions of them and they weigh nothing. Then I put a single item of the items I want stored. Reminds me of the old minecraft auto sorter, but less “auto”.
    I will put 1 wheat at the last slot in the feeder box, this way the wheat that the pals load into the box will be stacked there. And being the last slot, the pals won't get to eat it unless your feeder box runs out of other food.
Idk, I've seen my farming pals go halfway across my base to put berries in the feed basket, even though other storage was closer. 
    That is a good exception to the rule. That would suck if they didn’t
        Id prefer they put the food in the refrigerator
    i WISH, mine will run to the other side of mine to throw berries in storage even tho the feed basket is right next to my berry farm. AND they like to choose different boxes each time, i have stashes of berries everywhere from them
Or even just placeholders for items when theyre used up and the ability to easily lock chests from pals ie private ones for items, eventually when all the placeholders fill theyd have to go to the correct chests, i feel like itd be less complicated and easy to implement
    Since crafting already pulls from any storage on the base, would be cool to do it like Palia. Building storage containers increases your maximum storage slots, and every container links to the same storage.
I'd like to see that too, or maybe just a craftable item called a Pal chest, that they would prefer, or if you could just toggle pal prevention on any chest that you interact with.

&#x200B;

There's a nice workaround though. For any chest that you don't want the pals to mess with, you fill all of the open slots with a single arrow.
    Or just be able to assign slots for a chest. In chest "X" the slot 1 is assigned to wood. All priority dropoff for wood now goes to that slot instead of open slot.
Then there's me, who never thought of throwing a pal at a job to assign them. I just let them naturally do their thing lol.
    Haha I'm the same, just kinda let the pals do whatever and hope for the best, honestly makes for some hilarious moments when you come back to your base to see what new chaos has erupted. Sometimes I think they have a mind of their own, like when they start working on something you didn't even know needed attention, but hey, keeps things interesting right? Just wish they'd stop chasing butterflies when there's work to be done, but that's half the charm of this crazy game.
        I agree, I also wish they add options to allow pals to initiate works (like crafting, producing wheat, etc) rather than waiting for the players to give the order. It would reduce so much hassle and potentially bringing a lot of joy of chaos.
        They burned my house down it is now made of stone
    I play on xbox and i have 2 bases. At my OG base, everything is fine besides these normal problems. At my second base however, *everyone* prioritizes breaking trees. The real problem starts when they go to transport the wood they broke. 7-8 pals will pick up, then drop, then pick up the same piece of wood rapidly, forever. The only thing that stops this loop is walking to it myself and taking it from them. Which kinda defeats the purpose of having my pals be self-sufficient. And the process repeats itself if theres another piece of wood laying around somewhere.

I think a management menu would be perfect. A way to prioritize certain actions, choose what pals do what actions and for how long, and to what degree.

Another issue that i seem to have at my second base is that they work themselves to incapacitation or injury. I have the monitoring stand set and its set to a reasonable workload, but for some reason whenever i go back to my 2nd base, *someone* is injured or incapacitated. Maybe ive missed something, but i dont know what else to do to keep them from overworking themselves besides splitting workloads between numerous different pals. But, then, what do i do for the automated processes they carry out when im not there? The automated processes seems to be what breaks them even when i have my workload set to decent.
99% of the time I throw one of them they just get stuck in the air where I was holding them... just floating
Also that, absolutely
You don't like Jormuntide Ignis being the only thing you can see on your entire screen?!
    My boss jormuntide is the entire base and I'm here for it
        They're just so... Large

I love them. Waiting for the eventual D&D stat block
With some pals that is already happening.
It only gets worse the larger they are, too. Trying to assign the boss Jormuntide to anything is a hopeless task (unless its the breeding pen since that building's massive)
Chillet (lv11 boss)  also had only freezing,  that's who we use
    I prefer smaller Pals for my base, sometimes the big ones randomly get stuck on a roof for a few days and starve
        I don't even build structures any more. I have a 2x2 with a flat roof that I put statue and condenser on. I haven't had any issues with pathfinding after removing my buildings.
        Smaller pals also eat way less food. 
    I'm very fond of Chillet's curled up pose. 
Rayhound for electric he is only a 2 but it's all he does 
Yup, that’s what the description sounds like it does.

But nope.
I was thinking the same thing it makes sense to have it there and I like the server transfer thing but I hope it comes with some restrictions like you can’t drop pals from another server or breed them to stop people from just getting high level pals and selling them on eBay
    If a pal is higher level than you then it gets "squished" down to your level so you cant just get lucky and catch an overleveled pal.
Yeah I have a secondary base at the ores behind the desolate church. I tried setting up a stone pit but literally all my mining pals stop mining ore to go mine stone at the pit so I had to remove it.
    [deleted]
        Hopefully they update the system in the future to make it easier to assign task priority to pals.
            I'm really hoping we can set priority like some other games. Where we just assign priority from like -3 to +3.
I had the same thought. Then I was sad when I saw it doesn't really help. Yeah, you *could* make them work faster. Doesn't help if pals are running around not doing the best task for them
Have you also noticed that pals with mining level 1 won't even try to mine ore?
    iirc they can't, only lvl 2 and higher can. it def should be mentioned somewhere tbh, don't know why it isn't.
        Yep, I noticed this when I went on an ore hunt with my Digger. 

When you hold the 'summon pal' button and hover over the target, it will say something like "unable to assign" if your pal can't do anything with the thing you're aiming at.
        I think they need lvl 3 mining for coal too? I just relocated a base near a bunch of coal and ore, and they only ever mine the ore with 6 lvl 2 miner pals
Yes! So do mine.
It’s already fun.

I wouldn’t even call it fully functional much less a masterpiece. It’s firmly in an early access/beta state. 

Which is a good thing, and consistent with what it’s advertised as. It also means it will improve.
I like the game but calling it a masterpiece is reaching lol
Right now it is early access jank (complimentary)
    Having played plenty of earyl access jank, this really feels so much better. It's not flawless and could use improvements, but I'd say it's a step above jank.
        Hell, comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

And it seems they have their priorities right as far as order.
            Exactly. It already felt way smoother than anything Ark had...
            > comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

Let's not be crazy here.  I can see Palworld has a good foundation but it's lack of polish is obvious.  

My start of the game was all over the place, I died in the first 10 minutes and the game is like where do you want to spawn and shows me a full map where I have no idea where I even was.  I end of in the right corner of the map only to die to cold a couple more times.  I found some fire and stood on it but the cold overcame anyways.  

Eventually I found the initial island, spawned back there and got my base going and understand things much more.  I appreciate the game doesn't hold your hand but they should have some type of onboarding for new players.  

I am a controller player and I can tell you the controls are not in a good spot.  They don't have button indicators so its really a guessing game on things like what option are you going to get from the Palbox.  Also the invert X and Y are flipped for some reason, that took a bit to figure out.  

I am by no means trashing on an early access game, I love it, but to say its more polished than other AAA titles is just silly.
                There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
        It's more polished than the 1.0 release of most survival games
    Palworld's early access is more functional than many games at their official release. Granted, that says as much about game quality these days as it does about Palworld, but it still means that Palworld is already a great game even before implementing the planned fixes/updates.
    Hardly janky at all compared to what’s been passing for “Live” recently.
It's like 1TB for me because of mods lmao
    That never made sense to me.

How the hell is a single custom dino model so many GB?
        If I'm recalling correctly..it's how ark handles the dinos.
You need all the files for all the maps it shows up in.
 Even if it's exactly the same.  

I could be wrong though.
Palworlds the upgrade, which sucks to say honestly cuz I love both games but ASA is such a mess to play and I don’t wanna go back to ASE now with the “upgrade” existing. But as fun as Palworld is it’s still a different game that survival wise feels the same, but still isn’t “The dinosaur game” which is why I fell in love with Ark
They could also get a "Monster collector" game with an actual playerbase.

They'd be crazy to not try anything.
    Microsoft buying them would be perfect for both Xbox and the Devs. Microsoft is pretty hands off with their studios, it would give them the resources they need to really build out the world. Microsoft would get an awesome new IP.
        Jesus christ yall just want everyone to be bought up by megacorps huh
            Nah you're right, better to just hope they don't go the way of the many other Early Access games that started strong and have nothing to show for it because the devs couldn't handle the success /s

If you don't want this game to end up like 7 Days to Die or Valheim, having a little support and guidance from Microsoft would be the best thing that could happen to Pocket Pair
        No way. Microsoft can keep their grubby hands off.
        Pocket Pair have made over $100million from steam sales alone. They don't need more resources to fully realize this game lol. The only reason they would sell now is if they wanted to maximise immediate profits for the least amount of work or if they got involved in an expensive legal battle with Nintendo.
            Resources isn't just money. It's Devs with experience, guidance from bigger studios, help with certain issues they can't solve alone etc...
True, the hype was real when Temtem launched. Played through the campaign with a friend on launch and sat back eagerly waiting for new tems etc. Years and years later it seems like nothing was really added. Feels bad
    Are you talking about 1.0 ? Because they added temtem after the early access release

Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player
        I liked TemTem but it’s just Pokémon with some QoL changes. There’s very little innovation there.
            And it's all I need.

Contrary to everyone I'm a fan of the base pokemon formula, I just wanted more combat, more difficulty, a more mature story  and more base length.

Which is everything temtem did. 

I always repeated that temtem with the pokemon license would have been perfect
            [deleted]
        When people talk about temtem not adding new temtem it's usually post 1.0 release as, of course with every island new temtem came out. 

>Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player

This just isn't true. It didn't get that much good press. It was mostly just "this is an upcoming pokemon clone game that does things well" and it had, as far as I can remember, literally no advertising. A lot of people also didn't think it was that great with the biggest criticisms being the always double battles (which I saw as a plus, I prefer doubles) and the breeding system was ass. The fact that early access also lasted so long gave time for hype to die down. When it comes to games that focus on being an actual pokemon clone there is a very high expectation you have to meet (one that the pokemon games don't even meet anymore but they get a pass from rabid fans). 

Most of what I saw was people lambasting the game  for slow updates, squandering of potential and unneeded nerfs/market control when none was needed. It feels like temtem wanted to be the pokemon game everyone wanted (an actual pokemon mmo) but didn't want to put the effort in to keep it rolling. It should have been a single-player game with coop and trading. And also ditched the MTX, I think it would have been better received. Forcing it to be an always online MMO and then not doing anything after the fact other than cosmetics is the main reason the game stayed irrelevant.
Damn that's sad. I remember the hype around Temtem but I didn't get into it.
I played it before 1.0 but this is bizarre. I thought it was a semi live service that would receive constant updates, not a one off game. I guess they’re copying Pokemon there too.
    Releasing a game and then that's it isn't inherently a bad thing and it's weird that it's become the norm to have constant stuff added, even more weird that them NOT constantly adding shit is a downside
        You’re not exactly wrong, but since TemTem is an mmo it is pretty bad and weird to just say that’s it on launch. Why have an mmo if there’s nothing there to keep players outside of just PvP which will get stale, and shiny hunting? 

It’s a great one and done game, but an awful mmo.
            Agree, I was shocked when people started caring about the "economy" like it's almost as if it's an mmo ONLY in that you see other players running around, it really shouldnt have the mad economy of an mmo
Size stays the same sadly
The same stuff that happens when you're logged in :o
    So my base can get raided?

Only played 4 hours so far. Since I don't know what can happen, I turned off my server after I've finished :D
        Raids only happen when a player is at a base. If you aren’t on the server… I don’t think it’s possible to be raided!
        The raid AI is pretty bad anyway, half them don't make it to my base due to pathing if you place it near a cliff ledge. Etc
        TBF my Pals do way more vs raids than I do seemingly lol
I think one thing to remember is that game developing studios are still companies at the end of the day. The owners will be the ones getting rich. The executives will get big bonuses. The devs will get bonuses too but likely will not become rich from this. It seems the CEO is the owner of PocketPair as well. The owner is now very rich but the employees of pocketpair will continue to receive their agreed upon salaries. It's probably exciting and stressful for the devs now that they have all eyes on them but it's still regular days as a game dev.
There were times I spent all day on the world maps just to gather resources b/c they involved clever little mini games like that.
And like, it's fine if they're a little overly cautious too. But some enemies are too strong to bring down with just weapons, but pals tend to be a little... Messy, with their attacks. Half the time, I need to throw a low level sphere to give the enemy a time out, then command my pal to chill out. 
I Think it Will be like a PVP arena of some sort. I hope so.
    That would be perfect. Specially if they implement server hoping, a Terraria like feature, I can build my base in peace and go to a Gym/Arena/whatever and challenge another player to a pal battle.
    My vote would be an extraction shooter island with some rare or unique pals/loot farming for pal souls or something.

Restrict building on there, and have some sort of balance system to equalize for level differences. Or make the Pals you catch there extremely strong while you're in the zone so people are incentivized to fight with what you catch there before you take them out of the zone.
    If it's anything like Monster Rancher 2's arena tournaments that'd be awesome. Would work for PVP and PVE content.
If you think that’s easy, wait till you get Mossanda Lux’s or Relaxasaurus’ saddle.. you could literally have a squad of guys on the back of giant blue squishy dinos roll up and spam infinite launchers on you. There’s no way that’s the route they go.
Experience needed: 5 - 10 years using USB based version control.
    -Are you experienced in bucket ?

-bitbucket ?

-no bucket
    Nice to have: Creative vision
I'm at about the same point and I've seen one more tower. Seen, not reached. It's still something I can see only from the top of a mountain lol
    Exactly! I guess if you beeline towers that would quicken things up but I'm too worried about getting bodied by a tocotoco or sonething
I made a dessert outpost super basic so I can fast travel other then that I've been figuring out the ai jank and have almost finished working our the perfect layout for my future final base. Starfiekd I had to do the same thing with ship building lol
yep family business. its how you get free labor
I'm legitimately curious if judicious use of the medicine bench and max slave driver settings can pay off in the long run.
Yeah, what they really need to do is find one highly experienced person and put them in charge. Hunt: Showdown did this in the past year, created a new "general manager" position and put David Fifield in charge, an industry veteran, and the game's been so much better ever since.
    Former Hunt player here - care to elaborate?
        Hunt was sort of just coasting for a little while. The events were annoying and grindy, content was far and few between. Now the events are content rich and easy to complete, a new map and engine upgrade is coming, we got a miniboss, lots of fun new guns, new traits, and features popularly requested like weapon inspect. The game has really picked up since he was put in charge.
            Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
                Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
Hold up guys I have a big brain idea. Let’s get them to hire people from Nintendo
>It's not like they have a pool of trained employees from another team to pull from (but maybe they do).

I mean some people theoretically work on their other early access game Craftopia.
    I bet, considering their size and budget, they put all focus on palworld. I think they abandoned craftopia but perhaps with the new funding, they decided to make two teams and both games will get support. I heard part of the reason craftopia failed was because it was really ambitious, and maybe it's not so ambitious anymore if they can upgrade from however many employees they have to 50 or more. 250m in revenue beings them many possibilities, but also will go quick I imagine if not managed well.
        If this gets us (the playerbase) a new aa company that gives the people what they want, it might set the precedent for many future game developers and also give us tons of great games down the road.
Technically you paid for a promised product, as the game is in Early Access. After they deem the game feature complete and 1.0, THEN everything after is bonus content.
    Pay for what you see. Paying for early access for what the game \*might\* become is risky and encourages bad business practices. 

Palworld is already worth $30, which is why I bought it. So all development from now on is a bonus.
        I completely agree up until you said that last sentence, because thats against what Early Access stands for. 

I paid for the game because its currently worth its price, but the fact is that you and I both paid full price for a half finished game, meaning when they finish it, and only then, will it be considered the product we paid for. 

I understand your point of view being that anything past this point is extra, but that too is a bad mindset to have. That mindset leads to not only early access devs thinking that their game is *good enough* and then charging for extra content or abandoning the game and just cashing out, but it also encourages people to feel as though the game should rise in price at launch, but as far as we know the games price tag is 30 dollars and will always be 30 dollars, because thats what the devs decided the final product will be worth.
            For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
Well I hope at least they fix the countless game breaking bugs, not really worth the price if your entire world bugs out every 5 minutes
    What are you doing with your game? I merely had a audio bug and I have already 30 hours of play time.
        There's some pretty bad bugs, for example in order to get into my solo world, I have to first launch a new multiplayer world (which can always be the same one so long as I don't actually play the new game) 

If I don't do this, my game crashes, and it will keep crashing on loading the old world until I enter the new one.

It's not a huge deal, only a minor inconvenience, but is still kinda annoying when I forget.
Fill the feeder with single candy floss except the slots your using and they’ll take wheat to cool box/chest
    Honey also works, it doesn't expire either, as long as doesn't get accidentally selected when you make cake.
    what's candy floss?
        I think cotton candy that the woolipops drop. I’m assuming that’s a word for it in a non American English speaking country
    I use coins since I have a millions of them and they weigh nothing. Then I put a single item of the items I want stored. Reminds me of the old minecraft auto sorter, but less “auto”.
I will put 1 wheat at the last slot in the feeder box, this way the wheat that the pals load into the box will be stacked there. And being the last slot, the pals won't get to eat it unless your feeder box runs out of other food.
That is a good exception to the rule. That would suck if they didn’t
    Id prefer they put the food in the refrigerator
i WISH, mine will run to the other side of mine to throw berries in storage even tho the feed basket is right next to my berry farm. AND they like to choose different boxes each time, i have stashes of berries everywhere from them
Since crafting already pulls from any storage on the base, would be cool to do it like Palia. Building storage containers increases your maximum storage slots, and every container links to the same storage.
Or just be able to assign slots for a chest. In chest "X" the slot 1 is assigned to wood. All priority dropoff for wood now goes to that slot instead of open slot.
Haha I'm the same, just kinda let the pals do whatever and hope for the best, honestly makes for some hilarious moments when you come back to your base to see what new chaos has erupted. Sometimes I think they have a mind of their own, like when they start working on something you didn't even know needed attention, but hey, keeps things interesting right? Just wish they'd stop chasing butterflies when there's work to be done, but that's half the charm of this crazy game.
    I agree, I also wish they add options to allow pals to initiate works (like crafting, producing wheat, etc) rather than waiting for the players to give the order. It would reduce so much hassle and potentially bringing a lot of joy of chaos.
    They burned my house down it is now made of stone
I play on xbox and i have 2 bases. At my OG base, everything is fine besides these normal problems. At my second base however, *everyone* prioritizes breaking trees. The real problem starts when they go to transport the wood they broke. 7-8 pals will pick up, then drop, then pick up the same piece of wood rapidly, forever. The only thing that stops this loop is walking to it myself and taking it from them. Which kinda defeats the purpose of having my pals be self-sufficient. And the process repeats itself if theres another piece of wood laying around somewhere.

I think a management menu would be perfect. A way to prioritize certain actions, choose what pals do what actions and for how long, and to what degree.

Another issue that i seem to have at my second base is that they work themselves to incapacitation or injury. I have the monitoring stand set and its set to a reasonable workload, but for some reason whenever i go back to my 2nd base, *someone* is injured or incapacitated. Maybe ive missed something, but i dont know what else to do to keep them from overworking themselves besides splitting workloads between numerous different pals. But, then, what do i do for the automated processes they carry out when im not there? The automated processes seems to be what breaks them even when i have my workload set to decent.
My boss jormuntide is the entire base and I'm here for it
    They're just so... Large

I love them. Waiting for the eventual D&D stat block
I prefer smaller Pals for my base, sometimes the big ones randomly get stuck on a roof for a few days and starve
    I don't even build structures any more. I have a 2x2 with a flat roof that I put statue and condenser on. I haven't had any issues with pathfinding after removing my buildings.
    Smaller pals also eat way less food. 
I'm very fond of Chillet's curled up pose. 
If a pal is higher level than you then it gets "squished" down to your level so you cant just get lucky and catch an overleveled pal.
[deleted]
    Hopefully they update the system in the future to make it easier to assign task priority to pals.
        I'm really hoping we can set priority like some other games. Where we just assign priority from like -3 to +3.
iirc they can't, only lvl 2 and higher can. it def should be mentioned somewhere tbh, don't know why it isn't.
    Yep, I noticed this when I went on an ore hunt with my Digger. 

When you hold the 'summon pal' button and hover over the target, it will say something like "unable to assign" if your pal can't do anything with the thing you're aiming at.
    I think they need lvl 3 mining for coal too? I just relocated a base near a bunch of coal and ore, and they only ever mine the ore with 6 lvl 2 miner pals
Having played plenty of earyl access jank, this really feels so much better. It's not flawless and could use improvements, but I'd say it's a step above jank.
    Hell, comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

And it seems they have their priorities right as far as order.
        Exactly. It already felt way smoother than anything Ark had...
        > comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

Let's not be crazy here.  I can see Palworld has a good foundation but it's lack of polish is obvious.  

My start of the game was all over the place, I died in the first 10 minutes and the game is like where do you want to spawn and shows me a full map where I have no idea where I even was.  I end of in the right corner of the map only to die to cold a couple more times.  I found some fire and stood on it but the cold overcame anyways.  

Eventually I found the initial island, spawned back there and got my base going and understand things much more.  I appreciate the game doesn't hold your hand but they should have some type of onboarding for new players.  

I am a controller player and I can tell you the controls are not in a good spot.  They don't have button indicators so its really a guessing game on things like what option are you going to get from the Palbox.  Also the invert X and Y are flipped for some reason, that took a bit to figure out.  

I am by no means trashing on an early access game, I love it, but to say its more polished than other AAA titles is just silly.
            There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
    It's more polished than the 1.0 release of most survival games
Palworld's early access is more functional than many games at their official release. Granted, that says as much about game quality these days as it does about Palworld, but it still means that Palworld is already a great game even before implementing the planned fixes/updates.
Hardly janky at all compared to what’s been passing for “Live” recently.
That never made sense to me.

How the hell is a single custom dino model so many GB?
    If I'm recalling correctly..it's how ark handles the dinos.
You need all the files for all the maps it shows up in.
 Even if it's exactly the same.  

I could be wrong though.
Microsoft buying them would be perfect for both Xbox and the Devs. Microsoft is pretty hands off with their studios, it would give them the resources they need to really build out the world. Microsoft would get an awesome new IP.
    Jesus christ yall just want everyone to be bought up by megacorps huh
        Nah you're right, better to just hope they don't go the way of the many other Early Access games that started strong and have nothing to show for it because the devs couldn't handle the success /s

If you don't want this game to end up like 7 Days to Die or Valheim, having a little support and guidance from Microsoft would be the best thing that could happen to Pocket Pair
    No way. Microsoft can keep their grubby hands off.
    Pocket Pair have made over $100million from steam sales alone. They don't need more resources to fully realize this game lol. The only reason they would sell now is if they wanted to maximise immediate profits for the least amount of work or if they got involved in an expensive legal battle with Nintendo.
        Resources isn't just money. It's Devs with experience, guidance from bigger studios, help with certain issues they can't solve alone etc...
Are you talking about 1.0 ? Because they added temtem after the early access release

Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player
    I liked TemTem but it’s just Pokémon with some QoL changes. There’s very little innovation there.
        And it's all I need.

Contrary to everyone I'm a fan of the base pokemon formula, I just wanted more combat, more difficulty, a more mature story  and more base length.

Which is everything temtem did. 

I always repeated that temtem with the pokemon license would have been perfect
        [deleted]
    When people talk about temtem not adding new temtem it's usually post 1.0 release as, of course with every island new temtem came out. 

>Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player

This just isn't true. It didn't get that much good press. It was mostly just "this is an upcoming pokemon clone game that does things well" and it had, as far as I can remember, literally no advertising. A lot of people also didn't think it was that great with the biggest criticisms being the always double battles (which I saw as a plus, I prefer doubles) and the breeding system was ass. The fact that early access also lasted so long gave time for hype to die down. When it comes to games that focus on being an actual pokemon clone there is a very high expectation you have to meet (one that the pokemon games don't even meet anymore but they get a pass from rabid fans). 

Most of what I saw was people lambasting the game  for slow updates, squandering of potential and unneeded nerfs/market control when none was needed. It feels like temtem wanted to be the pokemon game everyone wanted (an actual pokemon mmo) but didn't want to put the effort in to keep it rolling. It should have been a single-player game with coop and trading. And also ditched the MTX, I think it would have been better received. Forcing it to be an always online MMO and then not doing anything after the fact other than cosmetics is the main reason the game stayed irrelevant.
Releasing a game and then that's it isn't inherently a bad thing and it's weird that it's become the norm to have constant stuff added, even more weird that them NOT constantly adding shit is a downside
    You’re not exactly wrong, but since TemTem is an mmo it is pretty bad and weird to just say that’s it on launch. Why have an mmo if there’s nothing there to keep players outside of just PvP which will get stale, and shiny hunting? 

It’s a great one and done game, but an awful mmo.
        Agree, I was shocked when people started caring about the "economy" like it's almost as if it's an mmo ONLY in that you see other players running around, it really shouldnt have the mad economy of an mmo
So my base can get raided?

Only played 4 hours so far. Since I don't know what can happen, I turned off my server after I've finished :D
    Raids only happen when a player is at a base. If you aren’t on the server… I don’t think it’s possible to be raided!
    The raid AI is pretty bad anyway, half them don't make it to my base due to pathing if you place it near a cliff ledge. Etc
    TBF my Pals do way more vs raids than I do seemingly lol
That would be perfect. Specially if they implement server hoping, a Terraria like feature, I can build my base in peace and go to a Gym/Arena/whatever and challenge another player to a pal battle.
My vote would be an extraction shooter island with some rare or unique pals/loot farming for pal souls or something.

Restrict building on there, and have some sort of balance system to equalize for level differences. Or make the Pals you catch there extremely strong while you're in the zone so people are incentivized to fight with what you catch there before you take them out of the zone.
If it's anything like Monster Rancher 2's arena tournaments that'd be awesome. Would work for PVP and PVE content.
-Are you experienced in bucket ?

-bitbucket ?

-no bucket
Nice to have: Creative vision
Exactly! I guess if you beeline towers that would quicken things up but I'm too worried about getting bodied by a tocotoco or sonething
Former Hunt player here - care to elaborate?
    Hunt was sort of just coasting for a little while. The events were annoying and grindy, content was far and few between. Now the events are content rich and easy to complete, a new map and engine upgrade is coming, we got a miniboss, lots of fun new guns, new traits, and features popularly requested like weapon inspect. The game has really picked up since he was put in charge.
        Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
            Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
I bet, considering their size and budget, they put all focus on palworld. I think they abandoned craftopia but perhaps with the new funding, they decided to make two teams and both games will get support. I heard part of the reason craftopia failed was because it was really ambitious, and maybe it's not so ambitious anymore if they can upgrade from however many employees they have to 50 or more. 250m in revenue beings them many possibilities, but also will go quick I imagine if not managed well.
    If this gets us (the playerbase) a new aa company that gives the people what they want, it might set the precedent for many future game developers and also give us tons of great games down the road.
Pay for what you see. Paying for early access for what the game \*might\* become is risky and encourages bad business practices. 

Palworld is already worth $30, which is why I bought it. So all development from now on is a bonus.
    I completely agree up until you said that last sentence, because thats against what Early Access stands for. 

I paid for the game because its currently worth its price, but the fact is that you and I both paid full price for a half finished game, meaning when they finish it, and only then, will it be considered the product we paid for. 

I understand your point of view being that anything past this point is extra, but that too is a bad mindset to have. That mindset leads to not only early access devs thinking that their game is *good enough* and then charging for extra content or abandoning the game and just cashing out, but it also encourages people to feel as though the game should rise in price at launch, but as far as we know the games price tag is 30 dollars and will always be 30 dollars, because thats what the devs decided the final product will be worth.
        For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
What are you doing with your game? I merely had a audio bug and I have already 30 hours of play time.
    There's some pretty bad bugs, for example in order to get into my solo world, I have to first launch a new multiplayer world (which can always be the same one so long as I don't actually play the new game) 

If I don't do this, my game crashes, and it will keep crashing on loading the old world until I enter the new one.

It's not a huge deal, only a minor inconvenience, but is still kinda annoying when I forget.
Honey also works, it doesn't expire either, as long as doesn't get accidentally selected when you make cake.
what's candy floss?
    I think cotton candy that the woolipops drop. I’m assuming that’s a word for it in a non American English speaking country
I use coins since I have a millions of them and they weigh nothing. Then I put a single item of the items I want stored. Reminds me of the old minecraft auto sorter, but less “auto”.
Id prefer they put the food in the refrigerator
I agree, I also wish they add options to allow pals to initiate works (like crafting, producing wheat, etc) rather than waiting for the players to give the order. It would reduce so much hassle and potentially bringing a lot of joy of chaos.
They burned my house down it is now made of stone
They're just so... Large

I love them. Waiting for the eventual D&D stat block
I don't even build structures any more. I have a 2x2 with a flat roof that I put statue and condenser on. I haven't had any issues with pathfinding after removing my buildings.
Smaller pals also eat way less food. 
Hopefully they update the system in the future to make it easier to assign task priority to pals.
    I'm really hoping we can set priority like some other games. Where we just assign priority from like -3 to +3.
Yep, I noticed this when I went on an ore hunt with my Digger. 

When you hold the 'summon pal' button and hover over the target, it will say something like "unable to assign" if your pal can't do anything with the thing you're aiming at.
I think they need lvl 3 mining for coal too? I just relocated a base near a bunch of coal and ore, and they only ever mine the ore with 6 lvl 2 miner pals
Hell, comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

And it seems they have their priorities right as far as order.
    Exactly. It already felt way smoother than anything Ark had...
    > comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

Let's not be crazy here.  I can see Palworld has a good foundation but it's lack of polish is obvious.  

My start of the game was all over the place, I died in the first 10 minutes and the game is like where do you want to spawn and shows me a full map where I have no idea where I even was.  I end of in the right corner of the map only to die to cold a couple more times.  I found some fire and stood on it but the cold overcame anyways.  

Eventually I found the initial island, spawned back there and got my base going and understand things much more.  I appreciate the game doesn't hold your hand but they should have some type of onboarding for new players.  

I am a controller player and I can tell you the controls are not in a good spot.  They don't have button indicators so its really a guessing game on things like what option are you going to get from the Palbox.  Also the invert X and Y are flipped for some reason, that took a bit to figure out.  

I am by no means trashing on an early access game, I love it, but to say its more polished than other AAA titles is just silly.
        There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
It's more polished than the 1.0 release of most survival games
If I'm recalling correctly..it's how ark handles the dinos.
You need all the files for all the maps it shows up in.
 Even if it's exactly the same.  

I could be wrong though.
Jesus christ yall just want everyone to be bought up by megacorps huh
    Nah you're right, better to just hope they don't go the way of the many other Early Access games that started strong and have nothing to show for it because the devs couldn't handle the success /s

If you don't want this game to end up like 7 Days to Die or Valheim, having a little support and guidance from Microsoft would be the best thing that could happen to Pocket Pair
No way. Microsoft can keep their grubby hands off.
Pocket Pair have made over $100million from steam sales alone. They don't need more resources to fully realize this game lol. The only reason they would sell now is if they wanted to maximise immediate profits for the least amount of work or if they got involved in an expensive legal battle with Nintendo.
    Resources isn't just money. It's Devs with experience, guidance from bigger studios, help with certain issues they can't solve alone etc...
I liked TemTem but it’s just Pokémon with some QoL changes. There’s very little innovation there.
    And it's all I need.

Contrary to everyone I'm a fan of the base pokemon formula, I just wanted more combat, more difficulty, a more mature story  and more base length.

Which is everything temtem did. 

I always repeated that temtem with the pokemon license would have been perfect
    [deleted]
When people talk about temtem not adding new temtem it's usually post 1.0 release as, of course with every island new temtem came out. 

>Also temtem had a lot of good press because it was a truly great game but his all time peak was 20k player

This just isn't true. It didn't get that much good press. It was mostly just "this is an upcoming pokemon clone game that does things well" and it had, as far as I can remember, literally no advertising. A lot of people also didn't think it was that great with the biggest criticisms being the always double battles (which I saw as a plus, I prefer doubles) and the breeding system was ass. The fact that early access also lasted so long gave time for hype to die down. When it comes to games that focus on being an actual pokemon clone there is a very high expectation you have to meet (one that the pokemon games don't even meet anymore but they get a pass from rabid fans). 

Most of what I saw was people lambasting the game  for slow updates, squandering of potential and unneeded nerfs/market control when none was needed. It feels like temtem wanted to be the pokemon game everyone wanted (an actual pokemon mmo) but didn't want to put the effort in to keep it rolling. It should have been a single-player game with coop and trading. And also ditched the MTX, I think it would have been better received. Forcing it to be an always online MMO and then not doing anything after the fact other than cosmetics is the main reason the game stayed irrelevant.
You’re not exactly wrong, but since TemTem is an mmo it is pretty bad and weird to just say that’s it on launch. Why have an mmo if there’s nothing there to keep players outside of just PvP which will get stale, and shiny hunting? 

It’s a great one and done game, but an awful mmo.
    Agree, I was shocked when people started caring about the "economy" like it's almost as if it's an mmo ONLY in that you see other players running around, it really shouldnt have the mad economy of an mmo
Raids only happen when a player is at a base. If you aren’t on the server… I don’t think it’s possible to be raided!
The raid AI is pretty bad anyway, half them don't make it to my base due to pathing if you place it near a cliff ledge. Etc
TBF my Pals do way more vs raids than I do seemingly lol
Hunt was sort of just coasting for a little while. The events were annoying and grindy, content was far and few between. Now the events are content rich and easy to complete, a new map and engine upgrade is coming, we got a miniboss, lots of fun new guns, new traits, and features popularly requested like weapon inspect. The game has really picked up since he was put in charge.
    Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
        Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
If this gets us (the playerbase) a new aa company that gives the people what they want, it might set the precedent for many future game developers and also give us tons of great games down the road.
I completely agree up until you said that last sentence, because thats against what Early Access stands for. 

I paid for the game because its currently worth its price, but the fact is that you and I both paid full price for a half finished game, meaning when they finish it, and only then, will it be considered the product we paid for. 

I understand your point of view being that anything past this point is extra, but that too is a bad mindset to have. That mindset leads to not only early access devs thinking that their game is *good enough* and then charging for extra content or abandoning the game and just cashing out, but it also encourages people to feel as though the game should rise in price at launch, but as far as we know the games price tag is 30 dollars and will always be 30 dollars, because thats what the devs decided the final product will be worth.
    For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
There's some pretty bad bugs, for example in order to get into my solo world, I have to first launch a new multiplayer world (which can always be the same one so long as I don't actually play the new game) 

If I don't do this, my game crashes, and it will keep crashing on loading the old world until I enter the new one.

It's not a huge deal, only a minor inconvenience, but is still kinda annoying when I forget.
I think cotton candy that the woolipops drop. I’m assuming that’s a word for it in a non American English speaking country
I'm really hoping we can set priority like some other games. Where we just assign priority from like -3 to +3.
Exactly. It already felt way smoother than anything Ark had...
> comparing it to AAA titles on go live, this is more polished.

Let's not be crazy here.  I can see Palworld has a good foundation but it's lack of polish is obvious.  

My start of the game was all over the place, I died in the first 10 minutes and the game is like where do you want to spawn and shows me a full map where I have no idea where I even was.  I end of in the right corner of the map only to die to cold a couple more times.  I found some fire and stood on it but the cold overcame anyways.  

Eventually I found the initial island, spawned back there and got my base going and understand things much more.  I appreciate the game doesn't hold your hand but they should have some type of onboarding for new players.  

I am a controller player and I can tell you the controls are not in a good spot.  They don't have button indicators so its really a guessing game on things like what option are you going to get from the Palbox.  Also the invert X and Y are flipped for some reason, that took a bit to figure out.  

I am by no means trashing on an early access game, I love it, but to say its more polished than other AAA titles is just silly.
    There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
Nah you're right, better to just hope they don't go the way of the many other Early Access games that started strong and have nothing to show for it because the devs couldn't handle the success /s

If you don't want this game to end up like 7 Days to Die or Valheim, having a little support and guidance from Microsoft would be the best thing that could happen to Pocket Pair
Resources isn't just money. It's Devs with experience, guidance from bigger studios, help with certain issues they can't solve alone etc...
And it's all I need.

Contrary to everyone I'm a fan of the base pokemon formula, I just wanted more combat, more difficulty, a more mature story  and more base length.

Which is everything temtem did. 

I always repeated that temtem with the pokemon license would have been perfect
[deleted]
Agree, I was shocked when people started caring about the "economy" like it's almost as if it's an mmo ONLY in that you see other players running around, it really shouldnt have the mad economy of an mmo
Can confirm, i was plodding along on the 3 to 5 star and back cycle and felt like while hunt eas fun it just didnt compel me
The new events and features have pulled it back into my top plays for 2023, probably get some good play from me whej the shine wears off palworld
    Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
For the single-player experience, the game is already like 90% complete or more; they're basically just missing the ending and some bugfixes, and they could just slap a "1.0" label on it and it'd honestly be better than much of the competition in the survival crafting genre.

Most of the planned content is on the multiplayer side of things.
There seems to be the option for several respawnable islands around the edges so that people can split up in multiplayer or do new games differently. If you've opened the map early on you'd likely remember which one you started at, but it is a little bit janky.
Sounds like I will be returning to Hunt soon
