[[I’m literally surprised no one is mentioning Palworld today It is surprisingly cozy! I’ll post the first review]]


:EDIT: (People on here is saying it’s not cozy remember cozy is not a genre but a feeling this game gives me the warm cozy feeling. The Coziness derives from Custom mode which makes you almost a god and resources are almost infinite if you know which setting to tweak. And if you are farming you pals basically does everything for you it’s the easiest possible game I’ve played I’ve even watched some tv while my pals are crafting or farming they do that for you. So giving you all the information and it’s not sadist like the trailer makes  it to be my pals are my family not work slave they have a house to sleep in and they are well fed and have the nicest bed and they are happy I wish I could pet them they look so overjoyed after chores and eating. 


To put this first on WHY it’s cozy because it has a custom difficulty you can use a slider to customize all the tiny different settings all the way up to damage and exp gain. Also you can use your Pals (Pokemon) to mine for you, water your garden, Battle for you if you don’t feel like joining the fray it recommended to fight if you don’t want it to drag. But those what I mentioned are the Key reasons on why it’s cozy. There is a lot of human NPC so it doesn’t feel empty.

It can be played as a offline single player game or you can use multiplayer. Most of the settings I brought up is most similar to Ark but that game is still stressful with raptors after you even if you were invincible. But here it’s more chill. And it’s help if the raptors after you are cute and cuddly.

All the building and crafting is almost the same as Ark in my opinion it much less clunky than ARK but it’s almost the same.

Everything else is a LOT like The Legend of Zelda BOTW with cooking climbing all over the place I’m pretty early in so I don’t have a glider if there is one. The custom setting makes stamina not a problem or a issue 

There is a LOT of similarities with Pokemon Legends Arceus. Where you fight and dodge like in Arceus but you have weapons and will work your way up to guns. But it’s very similar right up to the mission you get from your pal box which is the Pokemon storage box that gives missions to you.

It’s almost like someone asked the devs of this game what Nintendo Games feature you wanted in this game and the devs said yes 👁️👄👁️.

But how I feel when I’m playing I feel like I’m a kid again playing Pokemon and I’m playing the one from the tv shows journeying with my friends and my Pokemon acts on his own until I give him a different command and ride it again like the TV show and it feels amazing it’s the Pokemon I’ve always wanted as a kid. Hell you can be team rocket if you wanted to there is crime in this and you can get arrested by the npcs. It’s everything I’ve wanted in a Pokemon Game.

To end this review it’s still in early access and It’s still in the Alpha phase not even Beta yet but it’s very solid game nonetheless and I’m very impressed and it is free on gamepass so go try it out if you have gamepass. I loved it so much that I bought it on steam and on Steam it already has 400,000 concurrent player now and the Devs themselves said they have a million players already good chunk of it is probably gamepass. Th


I have seen almost nothing except for Palworld today. I am in a few game subs though so I see them from those I guess
    Yeah - the devs said they sold a million copies in 8 hours. I’ve been burned by early access games too many times though, so I’m going to hold off a little bit.
        The devs have two other games still in EA and are still nowhere near finished with Craftopia which has been EA since 2020. That's just all sorts of red flags.
        Surely they'll just take the money and run, totally seems likely /s
    I was thinking this too when I saw this lol. And on YouTube everywhere
    The only thing I’ve seen for it is how a lot of their designs are pretty blatant rip offs of Pokémon designs. I’ve barely seen anything about the game itself.
        The game is pretty bad. Lots of glitches and the manual crafting (holding X) is such a step backwards in the survival genre. 
Few things I figured out within an hour of gameplay really set me off. Not a great survival game.
        Pokemon isnt worth defending, if youve played them at any rate, they have put out a glitch fest for the last 5 years, and its the same copy pasta.
            Where did I defend Pokémon? lol Just saying that the only things I’ve seen about it are about the designs, not the gameplay.
                [removed]
                    Lmao what??? I replied to a comment about seeing stuff about it by saying what I had seen about it. I literally have no opinion. Get a grip.
            You aren’t wrong the 3DS was the last great one meaning you can actually catch em all. Now your lucky if your favorite mon makes the cut some of my favorites hasn’t made it in the game like most of my favorite mons were the fossil Pokemon.
            It’s such a bummer because S/V have so much promise but it’s clear the developers just weren’t given enough time. Violet was some of the most fun I’ve had playing Pokémon but I felt pretty bombarded by reminders that I paid too much for what I was playing.
                Yeah I almost bought a switch just to play it. Now that I have a steam deck I can play it without giving them money.
            not only that, i say if they're going to keep releasing games that they clearly are not putting the same level of care into that they were before then hell yeah let somebody else take over. i loved the original roller coaster tycoon games but i'm still delighted planet coaster exists, same with simcity and cities: skylines. sometimes rip offs are a good thing
                Oh yeah agreed 100%
            Are you saying this from experience? Did you play the games?  

 I've not seen a single Glitch in scarlet/violet personally, same for sword/shield. 200+ hours in both. Only seen glitches online from others. Yeah they're poorly optimized and unfinished but they're not a glitch fest.

Legends Arceus has 0 issues in any department.


If you have not played the game please don't bother commenting on this telling me how many glitches there are, unless you've experienced them yourself first hand your opinion is not relevant.
                Violet crashed on me multiple times.

Also they're butt ugly, no excuse for graphics THAT bad, and I'm not even a graphics purist
                    See that's a fair comment at least
                No glitches in Arceus for me and the only glitches I had in SV were Tera Raid crashes to the home screen. They've mostly fixed the Tera Raid crashes with those only happening in online modes.
                "not a single glitch"
youre either snorting copium and became delusional or live under a rock with patrick star and don't actually own scarlet or violet.
                    Have you played the game? The glitches you see online are not common and most people that complain about the game having a ton of glitches have not played the game.  

>and don't actually own scarlet or violet.

[I still play it to this day](https://i.imgur.com/qlD1z40.png), no glitches. The vast majority of players will not encounter any glitches whatsoever when playing this game. Yes there's a lot to see online but that doesn't mean that they're common. 

Have you experienced many glitches personally?
                        The performance issues ARE common. I have experienced them from day one. Everyone I know experiences them. The framerate and texture glitching are widespread. The games released and remain in an inexcusable state.
                            I did not say once there are no performance issues. Everyone knows there are framerate issues. I am not talking about framerate issues.

Glitches and performance issues are not the same thing. Please mate read before you comment.
                        No theres still glitches in Pokemon violet and scarlet, legit had my character legit yesterday fall through the world, and you gotta remember the release for Violet and scarlet was the most glitchiest, too the point that nintendo **willingly** gave people refunds cause of how buggy and glitchy it was, Arceus on the other hand was not in league to all the other pokemon games
                            I did not once say there are no glitches.

I said most people do not experience them. There's definitely still glitches, just most people will never see them.
                                Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
                                    Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
        People calling every monster-taming game a Pokémon rip off is crazy lol  
It's literally an entire genre of gaming
            Definitely it’s own genre of gaming but people have problems with the designs of the monsters specifically. I don’t particularly care about it either way but there are definitely some designs that are Pokémon in a slightly different font.
        Many are lol but it is fun and a different take on monster catcher games like Pokemon.
        My boyfriend played it for two hours today. I hadn't heard anything about it, and then looked up and he was beating a pokemon with a bat. Which already had me annoyed. Then he told me it was called palworld and explained what he'd heard/seen about it. 

Nope. Not touching that.
            I mean it’s not any worse than having a lvl 100 Pokemon obliterating a mountain with Hyper Beam to beat a lvl 1 Pidgey 😂
            Considering there are deer that can literally punt you into orbit in Palworld, I wouldn't be feeling terribly sorry for them.
                And yet, I do. 

I know myself enough to know I will not enjoy the game. And the whole thing just seems like a copy paste of different games. They've just made it ultra violent and weird (which is know was purposefully meant to poke at pokemon, that isn't lost on me) but I wish they would've at least put a little more effort into making it feel less plagiarized. 

I don't know what elements people will or will not be made to encounter, but gun toting pokemon that you bludgeon and then force into sweat shop conditions and also kill for food (and apparently potentially do the same with people??), seems like something a lot of people wouldn't find cozy. I've seen people who don't want *any* element of violence for their gaming to be considered cozy, so this one is a bit of a stretch. 

I might also be annoyed because I *know* I will have an influx of 5 year olds talking about the "new pokemon game" that their parents are too lazy to research next week and I'm going to have to squash that shit hard.
                    [removed]
                        Man, you get out of here with that shit.

Many of the people here looking for cozy games are into cozy games *precisely because* they have stories and mechanics based around being wholesome, calm, "soulfood". You don't get to decide whether *"those people"* are worthy of sharing their opinion or not just because you're offended that they don't find something like Palworld to be charming.
                            [removed]
                                They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
                                    They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
                        Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason:
Divisive and/or rude content
                        I think I'm fine right where I am.
            It's so rare for people to downvote so much here, it's your opinion and it is fair even though I don't mind, I'm wondering if this is being brigaded.
                It wouldn't surprise me. People get *very* strong opinions about their preferred video games.
        To be fair a lot of pokemon designs are blatant rip off's of real animals/things.
            Pokemon was originally created and inspired by real animals and things, lol.
    I noticed in this sub it’s rarely mentioned at all so it’s not surprising if you haven’t heard much about it it’s not really marketed as a cozy game even my favorite cozy YouTuber hasn’t mentioned it yet (Josh Gaming Garden) But I freaking love it and I’m but there’s news everywhere about Palworld even big streamers are in on it too. It’s big dude it’s has a million and still climbing FAST it’s not even the weekend yet.
        There were two posts about it yesterday if you do a search in the sub.
            My bad I didn’t see it.
        I saw Josh just said that he bought it a few hours ago, so we will see him playing soon XD
            I love Josh I don’t know why you got downvoted but I upvoted you.
                Same, thank you. Ppl down vote for anything in this web, its ok.
Palworld is a big hit here in Brazil because "Pal" is a slang for "dick". Jokes are coming big and hard.
    I see what you did there..
You can play this like an offline singleplayer game? Consider my interest piqued
    Yup wholly offline and single player that’s what sold me on it. I hate games as a service.
        Thanks OP! And happy Cake Day!
My husband and I played Palworld all day today, and we really enjoyed it. It can be pretty casual since you can adjust settings to make things easier if you want. There's a lot to do, and I genuinely didn't want to stop playing.
    I know it’s amazing!! I can’t believe it’s an alpha it’s far too polished to be one.
    How is the base building?
        We didn't do a lot of structure building, but we built a simple little "house" with a roof and 2 beds. It was fairly straightforward, and I could see the potential for a fair amount of customization if you get really into it. Building the rest of the base with crafting tables, beds for our Pals, etc. was really easy. We both loved how you can have your Pals working in various areas of the base from producing wood/stone to farming to helping you build stuff.
Apparently you can capture people and sell them in the game.
    It's something from Craftopia that got put into Palworld as a running joke, from what I assume.
        Yeah I think it was an inside joke from Craftopia early build. But those that doesn't play craftopia might not know the inside joke so they might find it weird.
            I’m one of those who haven’t played that game, but I still find it amusing. I’m sure people are gonna make huge complaints about it though.
    Not new. I swear anytime I try to play official PvP in Ark I wind up in some cage in a back corner of a mega tribe’s base. (Don’t play official. It sucks.)
        Ark multiplayer is rough I’ve spawn in and player with a flying dinosaur pick me up and dropped me and on my next spawn I was In a prison starving it is rough playing ARK online but it’s hilarious at the same time
            Haha, back in ASE, I used to put all my points into speed and just dart around the map like the gingerbread man. Too bad they nerfed that in ASA.
                I also did that too you became so fast you can almost walk on water that was when I was playing solo it’s probably a lot more hilarious with people trying to catch you I bet when you respawn you zipped around like sonic 😂
        I know it isn’t new. It’s just funny. Plus I think it’s only npcs. I doubt you can catch other players.
    Que? Sounds similar to human trafficking
        When you ''catch'' a human the description say you do it but it's not something well seen in the world and considered inhumane ... It is indeed human trafficking.
        Right? I don’t know if it was intentional or not but I seen some YouTuber realized you can.
    This game keeps getting better and better. Might have to re-subscribe to Game Pass to check it out
        If you’re ok with it only being single player or 4-player co-op. Apparently Xbox is very limited atm when it comes to that compared to the PC version.
            I did not know that that is the biggest difference from PC and console I really didn’t know that but 30+ people that’s amazing 😳
            [deleted]
                Yea but I believe it still has limited co-op since it’s a part of xbox? If I’m wrong then by all means I apologize, but I was under the impression it was connected to the Xbox servers.
        Hope you can get the 2$ gamepass again
            I think there is a way to get a discount somehow. Getting Xbox gold then upgrading to ultimate or something? I need to look into it
                That’s what I did and got like 3 years from it I forgot the trick behind it.
        just so you know apparently the game pass version is really borked right now
    Whoa! I didn’t know that!!! That’s interesting for sure.
Everything I saw looked like Pokemon with guns and sweatshop slavery, which was backed up by articles. It seems like a game that's marketed as being dark with immoral potential throughout gameplay. I've got a pretty broad definition of cozy but this game doesn't fit it. Nothing wrong with the game or those playing it--just not "cozy."
    Nah. You actually need to put effort into making your Pals miserable. The game will kick you in the face with constant reminders to fix a) Pals not having beds, b) it's mandatory to build Hot Springs to relax your Pals after working to unlock features c) will spam notices if you have sick Pals and d) the object for being a dick to your Pals is extremely down the tech tree and involves a lot of micromanagement not worth the time. You also recruit some Pals by freeing them from poachers. It might play up the slavery aspect in marketing, but in game it's actually encourages you to do the opposite. Happy Pals are what you want for your base to be a success.
        That's good to know and seems very different that how it's been marketed. This makes me actually want to give it a try. Thanks!
            The marketing feels more applicable to the game's designated bandits/poachers as far as the Pal exploitation stuff goes, with your player freeing Pals from cages and the like as you explore the map. I think the only people who are going to be exploiting Pals are probably the same people you don't want to be around in real life either. And you're welcome\~
                Agreed the people are having the most problems with it only watched the trailer and they didn’t read what I said that made it cozy and it wasn’t guns it was having the Pokemon experience I wanted and rarely interfere when my pal is doing battle and my pal has moves he learns and I can change the moves I don’t even care about the guns. And my pals are almost like family to me they have a nice bedding in the house and they are happy. It kinda shows what a home with Pokemon is like and I got 5 just roaming around my house bringing whatever to my chest it’s sweet. It’s not this violent game people are making it out to be.
    Kinda seems like cozified GTA downloading it to try.
        Haha that’s another one I forgot to put in my review but yeah your right it is a cozy gta where you can actually be team rocket and do bad stuff haha
    That's marketing to shock and attract attention, but it's miles from the real experience. You're actually building a little cozy camp for yourself and your cute pals, making sure they're well fed and happy so they help and gather stuff. Right after they finish helping you, they shine and smile and it's the cutest thing ever. You can build little hot springs for them to relax and everything. The gun thing is more for fun but you don't have to play with that if you don't want to.
    Pals are still cute though. Honestly it really is up to how you want to play it.
    [deleted]
        And by doing so, a player won't encounter any guns, enslavement, or other vile acts in the game (from other players or villains)?
            Good point but you can be a hero of justice when PvE comes out and just wipe out his operation and liberate the pals joking here but yeah your right luckily I’m a solo player so I won’t see any heinous crimes.
                Again, nothing against the game in general. I just don't think it's "cozy" even if we're being very liberal with that term.
                    Gotcha but I noticed people here will say Skyrim is cozy and I’ll have to disagree with that. Heck even people here say Rimworld is cozy and that game is a war crime simulator with organ harvesting to me that isn’t cozy lol but the definition of cozy varies here but it’s interesting to see what people consider cozy I guess.
    You said it perfectly. :(
It's more an action RPG than a cozy game in my opinion.
    The ARPG mechanics are actually pretty light on compared to the progression system when you set up the custom game mode. I turned all the stressful stuff down to as close to zero as it would go and it's been plenty cosy.
    I gotcha man I guess we all have different ideas on cozy on here Skyrim is listed a cozy on here and I don’t think is cozy but people consider it cozy with mods I think it’s a cozy game. I feel stressed out on stardew valley in the beginning because I feel like I have to mine to get better tools I wish there was a quarry for me to mine without enemies. It’s that saying the beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
The game seems interesting enough, but I think we are conflating feelings of comfort and nostalgia with "cozy."   


Skyrim is my \*comfort\* game, but itself is not a cozy game. Just because a game has accessibility options and elements that are often in cozy games, doesn't make it a cozy game.   


I generally don't find guns cozy.   


Also this: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Palworld/comments/197w0yb/what\_did\_the\_palworld\_devs\_mean\_by\_this\_paldex/?sort=top](https://www.reddit.com/r/Palworld/comments/197w0yb/what_did_the_palworld_devs_mean_by_this_paldex/?sort=top) as mentioned below.
I want to play it but also they made a game that utilises AI art so idk if I want to support that.
Was into it until "your pal is developing an eating disorder." As a recovered disordered eater, I did not like the way they handled that.
    Oh god. Good to know. Yeah, I cozy game to take my mind off my irl problems like this. :/

I don’t mind hard/triggering topics when it’s part of a narrative (ex. Omori) but then usually I know what I’m getting myself into as well. 

I played Palworld for about an hour today but it was pretty meh and when I learned about the slavery, butchering, guns etc. I decided it’s not for me. 

Also I’m autistic and honestly, just too sensitive even to fictional violence and I really dislike when violence is supposed to be funny.

Glad other people can enjoy this! I would never recommend it as a cozy game though.
        I agree. I would have appreciated even a trigger warning on something like that but from what I've seen and read, there isn't any. All the best to those who enjoy the game, just not for me.
    Settings can be adjusted so you or your Pals don't experience this. The game can be configured to be very hard or super chill and cozy, with no hunger, defeat penalties, negative conditions, or material crafting costs. It's up to the player to decide how they want their world to play.
    I am currently trying to recover from ARFID, how often does this dialogue pop up?
        It only popped up once for me, because I had unknowingly overworked my Pal, but I put the game down after, so I don't know how regular of a thing this is.
I understand why a lot of people say this game is not cozy but if I hadn't already spent 10+ hrs on this game and saw this recommendation, I would have been delighted to play this game.  It feels very cozy to me, very low stress, I just catch cute creatures and build up my base. even the fighting is cozy to me, it doesn't feel as intense as other games, even on the generic settings.  This is the perfect game for me to snuggle up with and play. I've wanted a game where I can just catch a bunch of creatures for so long and this scratches that itch so well, they're so cute and I can ride them and even fly.
    Yessssss exactly!!!  I’m wondering why the people here are saying it’s not cozy but they’ll suggest Skyrim or Rimworld. Cozy is when you feel cozy playing it and that alone makes it cozy.
        I see Skyrim suggested as cozy so much and to me it makes no sense as I was so stressed out playing that game, it was enjoyable but not cozy for me, but people view different things as cozy. I don't think games have to be super easy no stress to be considered cozy. this game definitely has many cozy aspects that I have been looking for.
            Yeah exactly you get it! You have to play the game to understand where I’m coming from. Most hater are just going by the game description and miss the real reason why it’s so comfy I copied and pasted this description the people are completely missing it says you can peacefully live with pals but people are so hyper focused on the violent part on the second paragraph.

(ABOUT THIS GAME

Q. What kind of game is this?

A. In this game, you can peacefully live alongside mysterious creatures known as Pals or risk your life to drive off a ruthless poaching syndicate.

Pals can be used to fight, or they can be made to work on farms or factories.
You can even sell them or eat them!)
    I 100% agree with what you said! I love the pals, they're so cute. I love exploring the world, it's so peaceful and calming and big. And I love the fights to get new pals, they're exciting but not stressful.
There's a couple things that make me uncomfortable enough to not want to look into it.  

\-The Not-Pokemon using realistic weapons feels like it's meant very much to be the kind of "loledgy" of early 2000's Newgrounds    
\-I'm fine with circle of life "in this world we eat the wild Not-Pokemon" stuff, but the way it's been advertised seems very much like "also u can eat ur beloved friends if ur cruel its funny"    
\-Admittedly this is based on very prerelease stuff, but it kinda feels like they're intentionally going towards a tone that's too... farcical? Like, it's entirely meant to parody and subvert the idea of a creature collecting sim being all hugs and rainbows.  

To be fair, this is all just me making assumptions based on what I've seen. If I'm wrong, I'd be happy to be proven so.
    Unfortunately the marketing is quite aggressive to shock and attract players, but it's really far from the truth. For food I've been eating berries, for weapons I've just been using a bow and fighting with my pals. I think you should check the let's play of good youtubers and ignore the trailers.
        Thank you for giving a reasonable answer that isn't "BUT BUT BUT THE LORE FOR POKEMON"
            Honestly, I was feeling the same way as you a few months ago. I was grossed out by the obsession with guns and surviving and didn't see the point. But then I tried it out (I've actively been looking for a good game so that helped) and it was soooo much better than expected. I immediately recommended it to my best friends, they loved it too and we've been playing together for hours now!
    It’s all good and hey remember the gym leader Lt. Surge he mentioned he fought in a war with his trusty Raichu. I think Palworld is the adults perspective on the Pokemon world. Heck in the Pokemon game we had miltanks milk, ate a magikarp, and slowpoke tail. And some Pokédex entries are disturbing where they kill or suck your soul with the ghost types. This is my take on Palworld where your the adults. Plus team rocket was pretty big on poaching Pokemon for certain things.
        People acting like some of the descriptions for pokemon, especially in the older games, aren't traumatizing lol. Every single cubone is literally sad forever and stuck wondering around wearing their mom's skulls as masks like c'mon now 💀
    >The Not-Pokemon using realistic weapons feels like it's meant very much to be the kind of "loledgy" of early 2000's Newgrounds

Id say, its more a pokemon/digimon mash up in a way. The darker tones of say digimon with the more cutesy tones in style for the pals kinda like pokemon
It’s being pointed out that the game is directly copying models from Pokémon games, and they are using AI generation to do it.

bit.ly/4b6cgrm (IGN article on it)
The uncreative + stolen Pokemon assets are such a turn off I have no interest in looking any further into the game
Beating cute pals senseless to take them and do pal slavery? Nothing cozier than that!

No, but it's super fun though.
    Same as every Pokemon game really.
        Idk, it feels a lot more violent to beat them down with a bat or shoot them with an AR. Lol It's ARK style taming.
            I personally love it cause it's hilarious.
                Absolutely! I am pretty impressed with how solid the game is tbh, really enjoying it.
I was hyped for it, but apparently the devs support NFTs and use AI 'art' in one of their other games so I'll pass.
    The CM for Pocketpair, Bucky, came out and said that the developers don't have anything to do with AI art and NFTs.
        Actually, one of their games *explicitly* states it uses AI art - it's literally the whole premise of their game and back in 2021 they were toying around with the idea of adding NFT connection to their Crafttopia game so...  


**Edit:** A direct quote from the AI game description; " All you need to do is to give the AI a few words or a short sentence related to the theme. Then the AI will generate completely unique art for you. You don't need to have aesthetic taste or an artistic background. Sometimes AI-generated arts look weird and strange, but that's a form of art, too." I saw the screenshot of the dev in someone's DMs claiming they don't use AI 'art' but clearly they don't know their own games because their game literally says directly that they do.
            Yeah, the Palworld developers are not the developers who work on or have anything to do with Craftopia or any other projects. That game has nothing to do with Palworld or its development.
                All three of them are developed by PocketPair INC.

Obviously the teams are not filled with the same exact people (literally no one with a brain thinks they are), but it still matters that the company supports and uses AI 'art'.

**Edit:** To be clear, never said people can't play it or whatever. If you don't care that the company develops a game that uses AI 'art' that's fine, but personally for me it's a hard pass on any game they ever release. I specifically said "use AI 'art' in one of their *other* games so *I'll* pass."
                    It really doesn't matter. As an illustrator, AI has never had any impact on my work as a professional nor the amount of work or pay I receive from clients. If fan artists on Twitter are upset that their illegal work is being replaced by machines, then my sympathy is non-existent. It shouldn't be a factor in any purchasing decisions, because it's not harming anyone who does honest work for a living.

Edit: Since you blocked me, no "fan artists" are not the same as industrial designers and aren't even in the same job field. Maybe they're hit by the fact that they're easily replaced by a bot, but that's not the case with services provided by professionals. It's a problem that will never impact me because I'm not being hired for "pretty images".
                        It's not just fan-artists who are screwed over by AI 'art', but ok, and even if it were that is still disgusting. 

Have a day.

P.S: Fan-artists are just as important and just as much real artists as those that do original art.
Someone was talking about it here in the last couple days. I'll say here what I said there: it is a major turn off for me that the pals die and that you're supposed to murder wild ones for food. Complete deal breaker for me.
    In Pokémon your Pokemon actually can die remember the lavender tower where Cubone mom died and her ghost couldn’t move on. Magikarp and Slowpoke tail was on the menu in the Pokemon universe we were shown the children’s perspective. And we have a gym leader that actually fought in a war there was probably guns involved it was probably Palworld with Surge and his trusty Raichu. Palworld is probably the Adults perspective in a Pokemon like world.
        I've never owned a Nintendo console so have never played a pokemon game so no I'm not aware of any of that. I'm just expressing that in a game with creatures I guarantee I would get attached and not be okay with that. IRL I can't even look at photos of cows without feeling guilty, I cannot murder cute creatures for food in a game without feeling something about it. That is the opposite of cozy for me.
            Oooh okay I agree with you I hate it when my pets died in harvest moon it made me sad. And if you actually fight unlike what I’m doing making the biggest farm yeah I can’t guarantee if your pal will survive a fight with a legendary or a story villain. I have my settings tweaked so high where me and my pals are very difficult to die but it’s not impossible to die. So from what you are saying I wouldn’t recommend it to you. And I haven’t played pal world long enough to know if my pals will die to age like harvest moon so I’m unsure on that specific one yet. But yeah I won’t recommend it for you. And happy gaming friend enjoy all the other cozy games!! 😊
            they dont die, they faint here. You drop them in the box and they are on a 10 minute timer.
                That’s good to know I’ve been avoiding combat for that reason.
                    I just watched 3 cats beat up a deer and then turn on my poor cat lmao. Learned they just faint
                        Whoa that’s crazy
                Really? In the game description on Steam it definitely said they could die when I read it a few days ago.
I'm following a post about it in survival games. Looks good but I'm waiting to see some non day 1 reviews
    I just wanted to be the first review haha and I’d like to see other reviews too myself. I know people here don’t like the slavery, sweatshop and killing pals for food so some review might be positive others may be negative.
Apparently you can trap trainers...
    Haha that’s hilarious we all tried that with Pokemon trying to catch other people’s Pokemon now people! What the heck this is funny can we use the humans for anything?
        No idea, just watched a video.  I'll not spoil the text that pops up upon capture.
Two monsters came on day 4 or so and annihilated my entire base and razed it to the ground.
    Yike were you playing custom mode or a harder difficulty?
        Nope, didn't change any difficulty settings. Before and after that it's been smooth sailing but it was shocking at the time.
            Ahhh make sense but pretty shocking too I bet it was a mammorest that laid waste to it .
I want to play it with my husband. I'm hesitant because I was so disappointed by Palia...
I’ve been absolutely unable to put it down. I don’t even really mind that it’s clearly taken ideas and whatnot from Pokémon (Gamefreak has been awful lately anyway with their recent games, imo.) It’s fun, and yeah I can see where you get the coziness factor from!
I played some yesterday and I'm in love and the first thing I thought,  yay another cozy game!!  I play it with cheats, unlimited health, unlimited items, 100% catch rate.  As a long-time Pokemon lover this game hits all the boxes.
    Play it your way. I don’t think survival is cozy I got rid of it and played it the way I wanted to play it you’d have to look at the settings it’s not 100% god mode more like Demi god and my battle are pretty even since I play it Pokemon style no weapon or interference and it cool to watch my Pokemon pull off some cool moves cheat doesn’t work on monsters anyways and trainer in Pokemon games got god mode on for them anyways that’s how they are unaffected by earthshattering moves. And dynamax how does the trainer survive the giant form of hyperbeam.
I see you mention this custom mode a lot but doesn't that defeat the point of the game if it supposed to be a survival-action type of game?

I don't like those type of games personally so I would only play it on that type of custom mode you mentioned, just curious how much else there is to the game if you basically take the survival part away.
    I just play it the way I want to play it. It gives me the coziest feeling not having to survive but going on a  Pokemon journey.
        So its sorta like pokemon with base building if you play with the custom mode?

Can you completely turn off the survival stuff or there a minimal level you have to play with? Because I have no interest in survival type games which is why I wrote this off for me once I saw some streams.
Why does Pocketpair hate Playstation 😭
I have given it a go through Xbox Game Pass and it doesn't feel cozy at all.

No cozy game I've ever played allows you to pull an AK-47 on a very cute looking kitten monster and then capture a nearby human and sell them for a few materials and don't get me started on the building and crafting menus and how overly saturated it all feels. 

Uninstalled after 60 minutes.
    If it doesn’t click you tried right? And plus plenty good stuff awaiting you !
Cozy? Bosses, raids, dungeons, food management, constant death and pet death.

Fun. Yes. Cozy? Not so much.

Edit: there is slavery and human trafficking. If that's Cozy to you then I'm sorry life has been so harsh.
    Did you read all that stuff is optional and the settings I mentioned you can tweak it till you are a god incapable of death same for your pals I mean I tweaked hunger to the lowest setting and I don’t even need food till the 3rd day when I’m starving and you can tweak the respawn rate of food so starving isn’t a issue because food respawn in a few seconds and you can store it. And having your whole farm automated is beyond chill and relaxing getting started on your farm is the hard part but once you got enough pals it’s even easier than Stardew valley.
        How much have you played? You can't automate any crafting, only resource gathering. I'm on my 7th hour in now and the closest you can get is summoning a pal to the work bench to speed up your crafting.
            You can throw a Pal at a workbench to have it permanently assigned to that activity. All you have to do is start the order and the Pal will crank through it until it's done. I slap 30 sets of eggs on the fire on and my Pal assigned to it will take care of the rest. You can do the same for every workstation. You also need to provide them lots of food (not that you really need to with the custom difficulty), bedding and leisure like the hot springs for them to keep doing the assigned tasks. This is the automation of the game and it's part of why more Pals has the base run more efficiently.
                Does the last sentence of the comment you replied to not say that already?

Also, queueing up the crafting recipe is why I've stated it isn't automatic.
                    This is a survival game, not Rimworld. You're still expected to manage parts of your base and it's not nearly as much trouble as you're making out.
            Like 6 hours in and I wasn’t talking about crafting but giving your pals a tasks like what you are doing right now. You can totally automate your farm I wasn’t talking about gathering resources or anything like that I wish that would be awesome though.
            I forgot to tell you the pal have different roles around your house you have look at them and see the chores they can do you just did one. You can have 8 out if you have a base don’t forget to feed your pals and give them a nice bedding. There’s like tons of things they can do my mammoth like to wreck rock and trees while he’s out of the ball
                I am aware. Still not Cozy.

Fun tip for you. Those pals with logging? Summon them onto the tree and they'll chop it down for you. Then you go chop down a different one. And no, I don't mean the tree farm crafting recipe.

Same with mining.
                    [deleted]
                        Who is human trafficking Cozy for, exactly? Does it give you a sense of nostalgia? Is it a warm and comforting feeling? Does kidnapping an npc and selling him off remind you of a simpler time?

I'm all for subjective. But then there is also incorrect.

You want me to be respectful of others opinion? You mean sort of like the opposite of how you aren't being respectful of my opinion. You've attempted to correct it because you disagree. See how that's hypocrisy? Would you correct a religious person into saying "well, it's possible other gods exist but my religion doesn't acknowledge that," or just let them have their opinion on an opinion related website, such as reddit.

You disagree. Cool! But it's my opinion. So the "to me" part is irrelevant. I wasn't speaking for you.
                            That's just stuff people found out you can do and are talking about it/doing it for views. You don't have to kidnap any NPCs or do anything like that lmfao. It's similar to other do-what-you-want games like Minecraft,  Stardew, or Skyrim. Cozy is subjective. Do I think Skyrim is cozy? No. Do many think it is and consider it a cozy game? Yes. 


And they were just saying to add the "to me" as the way you're wording your comments like it's a matter-of-fact. Yes it's your opinion which is fine, and it came from you so you may think it's irrelevant, but being aware of how you write and come off is important here as well. Just blatantly saying "Not cozy" point blank period and doubling down without ever really mentioning it that **you** don't personally find it cozy is the reason they made that comment.
    Exactly it's getting ridiculous the amount of people who want to shoehorn every new game that comes out into being a cozy game.

It's not a cozy game, the end. It shouldn't change your enjoyment of the game so I don't get why people get upset about it
        Yeah…

It’s gotten to the point where literally any game can be a cozy game. If I tell people “I like cozy games,” based on this sub, they really wouldn’t have any idea what type of games those are. It can include everything from Skyrim and Monster Hunter on one end to Animal Crossing and Disney Dreamlight Valley on the other.

I get wanting to be inclusive, but at some point it just stops being a useful phrase because it’s so broad. Basically it amounts to “game that makes you feel good,” which can literally be every game. But “game that makes me feel good” isn’t really what I’m trying to express when I use the term “cozy game.” I use it to find people with similar interests in games, if it becomes so diluted that I’m not longer able to find people with similar gaming interests it becomes useless.

Games can be nostalgic, easy, rated E, and comfortable. Games can have *cozy elements*, you can mod games to make them *cozier*, but not everything is a *cozy game.*
        [deleted]
            It's not gatekeeping to state a fact that the game isn't cozy, it doesn't stop you enjoying it or playing it.

It's just not categorised as cosy. If anything can be a cozy game there really is no point to even having it a genre classification.
    [deleted]
        Or you are using the wrong word.
            [deleted]
                Fr lmao like.... cozy is subjective and I'm sure some of the games they consider "cozy" are games others will say are "not cozy"
I was looking into this game until I saw they have guns?? That seemed alarming. Is there an option to not use guns?
    Oh I forgot to add there is a crime syndicate story you can follow but the crime syndicate does use guns themselves but that story is optional you can live a happy farming life with your Not Pokemon and chill and breed them for some rare variants.
    You would have to craft the guns for the specific Pal. Its an optional unlockable technology. For if you let them fight. I don’t let mine fight tho I keep them in camp. 

There’s a crime syndicate similar to Team Rocket but they just kinda stay in their area from what I’ve seen. 

I haven’t done any of that. Just been building my house and feeding my Pals. You can kinda do whatever you want in the game.
        The syndicate will mandatory raid your base so your not pokemon have to fight 🤣
            So far that’s happened only once and my pals took them out in like one hit 😅 They’re high level from me building stuff and cooking. so it hasn’t been much of an issue!
    I’m early game and I have weapons but I don’t have guns yet that seems to be a mid to late game thing. And I’m already farming on my farm and I don’t have guns neither does my not Pokemon so yes absolutely you don’t have to use guns. Looking on my crafting list there’s a bench you can make to give your pals weapons but that late game stuff. And the Pals have their moves like Pokemon does so the guns are optional.
The line of what constitutes a "cozy" game seems to be getting blurrier and blurrier.
    scandalous ugly handle judicious offer pause smell late like dirty

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
        Good point there I know people feel cozy playing doom so your right I’ll steal that line from you the next time someone tells me it’s not cozy. Thank you 🙏 😊
    It has custom mode that makes you impossible hurt and has farming and your Pokemon does everything for you that is easy. It’s easier than rune factory. If it’s easier than rune factory then it’s a cozy game through and through. Cozy means I can relax and text my buddies while my Pokemon is crafting and farming when I’m done I pick up everything and sell that’s probably the easiest game I’ve ever played.
I mean, if you find it cozy cool. I myself find it cozy just playing the game normally. But then again I've played games like this before so I just don't sweat things like hunger meters.

But other people do and their opinion isn't invalid just because you're playing on god mode.
Looked at a couple of streams its clearly a pokemon rip off I'm frankly surprised nintendo and pokemon aren't attempting to shut it down
    It’s a good rip off steam has like 500k concurrent players and I bet there’s a lot more on gamepass I bet Game Freak is so mad that they didn’t come up with this first lol if you take so long people will do it themselves
I just popped over to see what you all thought of Palworld. I saw a review that said it was like Pokemon with guns. Then I saw 2 other reviews that said it was more like Ark. It looks so cute though. 

Impressively, they sold over 2 million copies in 24 hours. Ark should take notes on how to launch. I've only heard one bad review but not every game will be for every person.
Watched fightingcowboy play it for a bit and it looked boring.
Devs support NFTs and AI “art.” Hard pass.
Well thats good to hear! I bought it because I remembered the announcement trailer a couple of years back and thought it would be a good meme. But I'm glad that its actually good! I can't wait to play it myself. Building a base for my not pokemon sounds super chill.
    Oh yeah it’s very chill all I’m doing is farming and building my home with my not Pokemon. That’s funny I thought it was going to be a meme game too but stayed for it because it was surprisingly good.
I've been playing on and off since this morning and love it!
    I know it’s sooo fun I’m glad people here are experiencing it too would you say it’s cozy? I see people on here saying it isn’t cozy thoughts?
        You can change the settings when you make your world to make it suuuuper easy and relaxing. I have the day length turned way up and pal damage way down so I'm just running around looking for pal dudes!
I love Palworld so far and I usually hate survival games. It’s so cute and chill tho! I’m not very good at the game but I’m having a blast. 

Even when I die, I’m kinda like… aw, that’s fine, because the Pals are just so cute that I don’t really care if they murder me 😹 like “my bad, little dude! This was clearly *your* area.”

Edited to add- for what it’s worth, I feel like this game is incredibly cozy. It’s relaxing to me. Just chopping wood, making food and running around with cute animals. I do play on the easiest mode tho. That probably helps a lot lol
    Oh yeah it’s totally relaxing and it gives me peace of mind too I enjoy it I’ve grown attached to my Pal
My definition of "cozy games" is broad. I am willing to admit that. 

This game is not a cozy game.
    I guess we got a different definition of cozy haha I mean people here think Skyrim and Rimworld on peaceful as cozy I guess cozy differ with different people.
I feel like it's more of survival adventure game than a pokemon type of game. So people who want pokemon game might feel a bit weird playing it since the Pals is more like common animals than pokemon.

I think they market it as a Pokemon parody but from what I see you shouldn't be too attached to the Pals just like you are attached to Pokemon  and think of it as friends. Cause the Pals can be considered as livestock as well which I'm sure Pokemon lover won't like if they think their Pokemon as friends.

So I feel its better to see the game as survival adventure game with cute animals. That way you won't feel too weird for hunting it or making them work.
    Custom mode makes it not a survival and you can befriend a pal they are called pal for a reason you don’t have to do livestock that’s for players that like ranching or playing a evil route like team rocket.
        yeah I haven't try that yet. I might need to tweak the setting more to make it cozy. Any setting you recommend?
            Use everything that benefits you and your pals. One heads up the custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one I still had the pal damage higher so mine will do more damage it’s a double edged sword when you tweak the pal setting. But pal hunger? Turn that all the way down because hunger isn’t going to affect the wild one hope my advice helped
                >custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one

Oh interesting, they should've separate it for sure. Thanks a lot for the headsup will try it later. I'm sure it will help
                    No problem and yeah they should separate it but ARK also had the same thing but never changed it. Maybe Palworld will get a creative mode in the future since they talked about creative mode for their other game.
It looks boring ngl, I only heard of it bc HalfmoonJoe uploaded a video playing it today lmaooo 


How is it cozy? It looks more like a Pokemon x Zelda mashup with guns 
    Custom mode that makes you god like and and easy resources. And your Pokemon does everything for you crafting and farming it doesn’t get easier than that man the guy your watching playing is probably playing on the hardest difficulty. People who actually own the game knows how stupid easy it is. Streamers like to play the hardest mode. It can be the easiest game or the hardest you pick.
        Joe was playing on casual to keep it chill, hes the type to keep things easy as he prefers a casual play style. Still doesnt seem like my idea of a fun/cozy game all that much.
I had no interest in this until I saw it was on game pass. I had to peel myself away from my computer last night to go to bed. It’s great! Really addictive too!
I've downloaded this game on to my Xbox and will be giving it a try later on but from what I've seen on YouTube it looks like a lot of fun. One thing I don't understand is the distain some people are showing towards the fact you have to hit fake animals in a computer game. 😂
    Yeah I know they have no problem whatsoever chucking a metal pokeball which might give a Pokemon a concussion or give them a Ouchie and one ball is called the heavy ball I bet that hurts. And they have no problems imprisoning a Pokemon against their will and make them fight their own kind. But they draw a line with Palworld 😂😂😂
        It's definitely a weird thing to get hung up on considering games like Red Dead Redemption 2 entails you to hunt animals that exist in real life as well. Then again I think a lot of the haters are secretly jealous that Palworld is finally doing what a lot of Pokemon players have been begging Nintendo to do for years.
            I don’t know why you got downvoted but I upvoted you but it does seem like 1/3 of this board is with PETA and yeah it does seem like they are jealous of Palworld I mean Pokemon fans on twitter is losing their shit over Palworld and that isn’t going to get better Palworld has 500,000 concurrent players on Steam and probably a million on gamepass alone and it’s still growing this is only the second day. But really Pokemon fans should be glad there’s a Pokemon like game where everyone can play on different platforms I bet it will hit PlayStation too at 1.0 but there’s nothing to gain by being upset about it.
                Thanks although I expected the downvotes for pointing out the obvious. The nature of social media can be a weird one from time to time. 😂
i can’t respect a game that rips off IP for clout and popularity 🤷‍♀️
    Devs also support NFTs and AI art.

Pass.
        yup. i don’t get how people just throw their money at a company like that.
        No they don't, the Palworld CM already said this is a lie and none of the people on Twitter stating it have ever provided proof either.
    Well Pokemon isn’t doing anything and they are the ones using their name for clout. At least Palworld is doing something different. Pokemon fans are hungry and Palworld cooked up something delicious for the Pokemon fans. I bet the devs thought I wanted this for years and Pokemon has yet done anything and cut their Pokemon roster down by half or more and they went and made it.
I was awake until 6am playing this game 🙃 I am fully addicted for now
I put 7 hours in the game on my first day of playing, I immediately fell in love. It's everything I've been waiting for the past years. I love the pals, they're adorable, the open world is gigantic, full of surprises and a joy to explore. I've been playing it with my 2 bestfriends with no issues and we've been having so much fun together!
lol at this stage Doom is a cozy game
    Cozy isn’t a genre but it’s a feeling so if doom gives you the coziest feeling who am I to judge.
I’m on the main menu right now, about to dive in and give my not-pokemon not-guns.
    Haha enjoy my friend have the best fun you can!
        I almost immediately felt immense guilt upon capturing my first pal
            Why?  Because you clubbed him in the head and healed him and now your pal has Stockholm Syndrome and will fight and die for you 🥰
                I do love the little cat man that helps me build things but at what cost
                    😅 You got me here but the cat man is awesome! Shame he’s done injustice in his pal world dex entry 🥹
I get a crash report every 5 minutes or less, absolutely unplayable for me at this point. I was so excited to play with my husband and was sorely disappointed, can't even mine a rock for more than 2 seconds without the game crashing.
    make sure you update your graphics card drivers in nvidia. I have a old as dirt laptop with 970m and clear 40-50 on med.
        Actually my laptop uses the same card as your 970 is still a beast if you run medium on most newer games I’ve actually got baldurs gate running 30 fps on that laptop.
            Yeah my poor thing was from 2017ish. 16gb of ram is the saving grace.
                Same here! I hate we can’t upgrade our laptops I’m planning on waiting for an eventful 4050 4060 card before I buy so I can be future proofed for another 8-9 years.
    Wow that sucks sorry to hear that maybe it’s more stable on console. I don’t get much crashes on games that are on consoles. I get a lot of crashes on PC and I just bought it for PC so I can play on my Steam Deck. I hope I don’t get lots of crashes there.
Yes, I agree! I'm loving Palworld. I've been playing it since it was released and just going at my own pace. It does remind me a lot of Pokemon Legends Arceus with more crafting and building and I really loved that game so I love this game too! It's very addictive. 

My game has crashed a few times but it is early access and my laptop isn't the best. Still enjoying it though.
    Glad you’re enjoying hopefully you can post a review when you are done I’d be interested in reading it.
        Thanks! Glad you're enjoying it too. I don't really write reviews but I might share some screenshots I took. :)
            Nice go for it bud!
I've been playing it and I absolutely love it so far but also I really enjoy watching people play it too especially the content creators I watch that are funny originally, it makes it so entertaining. I love the custom and how I can edit it anytime. It is better than what I had in mind and I kinda don't mind that Pal designs are pretty similar to Pokemons especially Cretumus (?) that looks like Eevee. I think it is unique enough and I hope with the successful day, the Devs are determined to make it an amazing game!
Some of the comments here....absolutely hilarious. Where do you think your meat is coming from? Dead animals, do you think they are cuddled to death? Where do you think your shoes coming from? Highly paid workers? Please. 

At the end of the day it's a game. Made out of code and pixels. The real life things you consume however not so much. Your only okay with it because you are not confronted with it. Hypocrites.
    I'm a casual lurker of this subreddit. You're not wrong. However, I also think it's fair for a cozy games community to prioritize coziness. I don't think this is the kind of demographic that enjoys realistic edges to their games. I also don't think that makes them hypocrites in any way.  
    
Agreed 👍
It's not a cozy game, hope that helps.
    It is a cozy game if you use custom mode and once you build your farm. Your Pokemon will do everything for you I swear it’s cozy because I was texting while my Pokemon was doing his job when I was done he got everything done for me. If rune factory is easy this is even easier.
Everyone is currently playing it that’s why lol
    Good point haha 😂
I only got my hands on the game about 20 minutes ago due to being busy yesterday and I've loved it so far. I wasn't expecting it to run so well considering it is early access and I only have 8GB RAM, but locked at 30 fps and medium to high graphics it was quite smooth. Can't wait to get back into it after breakfast.

P.S. The fact that you can change the game to suit your style of playing is amazing. I personally like both survival and monster taming so the concept is perfect for me, but I think it is great that someone who doesn't care for survival can adjust the game's main focus to be monster catching.
    I upvoted you but you still got downvoted but I agree it is very well optimized it almost perfect I think you got downvoted because people got the wrong idea about slavery in the trailer in my game my pals are the opposite and they are happy and live in my house with me and they get fed a lot. People are just downvoting because of wrong information.
No thanks. It sexualizes animals (a female Pal, because of course) and one of them wants to *bleep* humans. If that made it in, then I have no interest in finding out more.
    You must have breeding mistaken it’s only among pals for a rare color similar to Breeding in the OG Pokemon games for shiny. There’s no sexual stuff with pals that’s definitely not a real thing in the game. And you must not be familiar with Pokemon R34 then?  Gardevoir and Lopunny is the most sexualized Pokemon of all time. My point is people will sexualize anything.
        They are actually correct there is a pal that is horny as fffff and is okay with boning humans.

Lovander pal number.....sigh....69

https://www.reddit.com/r/Palworld/comments/197w0yb/what_did_the_palworld_devs_mean_by_this_paldex/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb3x&utm_name=mweb3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
            That’s interesting for sure
    I'm not sure what game you've been seeing but there's absolutely nothing sexual in Palworld at all.
        Lovander pal number 69


Yes you heard me.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Palworld/comments/197w0yb/what_did_the_palworld_devs_mean_by_this_paldex/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb3x&utm_name=mweb3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
            lol at you being downvoted for sharing accurate information
                It's funny it even has its dex entry in that screenshot saying so.

Also it's a game about enslaving Pokémon to work on a farm, capturing and selling humans. But a horny pal is where they angrily draw the line?
    You had a problem with that, but not all the slavery?


K
not mentioned because we all are too busy playing it
    Haha nice!
I saw this on steam store just before and until then I’d never heard of it at all? Haven’t seen anyone talking about it 🤔
    It’s advertised on steam if you went on steam now you couldn’t miss it. And it’s only getting more popular give it time and all the big YouTuber will be playing this. It’s already got more than a million players.
I was going to post about this here because my boyfriend got it and loves it!!
    That’s awesome yay I’m glad people are loving it !
I’m crying from my PlayStation, enjoy the game on my behalf Xbox & steams users 😭
    Yeah that sucks on how you can’t have early access games on PlayStation I really wanted slime rancher 2 on PlayStation but yeah they are sticklers for their rules :(
Sunk like 6 hours into it tonight :)
    Haha enjoy custom mode is your friend for maximum coziness .
I posted something when it dropped yesterday on this sub 🤷‍♀️
    Ok looked at your other post and ill give you an answer it runs meh on the steam deck everything looked so tiny i mean it is very tiny on the steam deck so i hope it gets optimized for the steam deck in the future. I really could not see anything and it was blurry and the UI was so thin and tiny.
        That’s weird, I played for a couple hours and had zero problems seeing anything and I wear bifocals
            Did you change the settings or was it automatic?
                I went with stock.
    Sorry my bad I didn’t see it a mod brought that to my attention that there was two posts so my bad. And I did a review soo it’s completely different from yours. How are you liking it so far?
        I think it’s great. I see a lot of potential for it and a lot I’d like to see improvement on (like the UI) but over all I’m impressed for an early access and the price point was reasonable
I just got it last night!! 

It's definitely the cosy version of Ark and I love it so. It's solo or you can do co-op with your friends
    Whooo glad your enjoying it bud have fun a glorious adventure awaits you.
I probably would have bought it already as it's almost everything I want in a game right now... except for the guns. Like legitimately it's just the thought of shooting a wooloo (or the equivalent) with a ak47 that's keeping me away even if there's no blood or anything, if it was even just in a different skin like magic or something I would be in the game right now probably.
I sold my friend in it by saying it's Pokémon with all pretenses dropped.
I'm a bit hesitant because there's a sweatshop in-game? Really mixed feelings but I'm going to check it out on gamepass first.
    Morality is in the game you can be a good and benevolent trainer or you can be evil and use Pokemon as slaves. Thats on you the choice is there and you can have machines to automate stuff instead of Pokemon being slaves. Or you can be the worst person alive. Think about game like Baldurs Gate where you are the worst and bang a bear or you can be a legendary hero that always does the right thing.
        Thanks for the insight! Will definitely check it out on  Gamepass first to see if it will click.
Has anyone tried it on steam deck? The “playable” tag on it is putting me off because I don’t want to love it and then have to fumble with it! I don’t know if I should just wait for improvement or not
Why do you have to beat the animals tho before you catch them?

Edit: my family can’t afford video games. I’ve never played a Pokémon game. My bad.
    Just like Pokémon you have to beat them till they are in the red then catch them and heal them back at full health then the Pokemon gains Stockholm Syndrome and loves you no matter what 😊
        [deleted]
            Sounds like projection.
    have you literally never played a pokemon game
I was giving it a look until I saw that you have to hit or shoot the creatures to tame them. I changed my mind after that.
Will say though controller is a struggle, it doesn’t tell you what buttons to press. :( on keyboard it does.
    Xbox controller works fine, PlayStation it doesn’t show the right button placement. Do you happen to be playing with PlayStation controller?
        Xbox controller (MSI one) on PC - idk why but when you do anything it doesn’t show what to press in the tutorial or in the UI
            Oh then I’m not sure man I wish I could help tho
                That’s cool. Is there any way to make the HUD text bigger?
Does it play well on SteamDeck?
    I think it could be better everything looks so small. Another person on here likes it on the steam deck.
        Ty!!
Cozy - giving a feeling of comfort, warmth, and relaxation
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
[removed]
    Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason: 
Self-promoting outside of weekly thread
Yeah - the devs said they sold a million copies in 8 hours. I’ve been burned by early access games too many times though, so I’m going to hold off a little bit.
    The devs have two other games still in EA and are still nowhere near finished with Craftopia which has been EA since 2020. That's just all sorts of red flags.
    Surely they'll just take the money and run, totally seems likely /s
I was thinking this too when I saw this lol. And on YouTube everywhere
The only thing I’ve seen for it is how a lot of their designs are pretty blatant rip offs of Pokémon designs. I’ve barely seen anything about the game itself.
    The game is pretty bad. Lots of glitches and the manual crafting (holding X) is such a step backwards in the survival genre. 
Few things I figured out within an hour of gameplay really set me off. Not a great survival game.
    Pokemon isnt worth defending, if youve played them at any rate, they have put out a glitch fest for the last 5 years, and its the same copy pasta.
        Where did I defend Pokémon? lol Just saying that the only things I’ve seen about it are about the designs, not the gameplay.
            [removed]
                Lmao what??? I replied to a comment about seeing stuff about it by saying what I had seen about it. I literally have no opinion. Get a grip.
        You aren’t wrong the 3DS was the last great one meaning you can actually catch em all. Now your lucky if your favorite mon makes the cut some of my favorites hasn’t made it in the game like most of my favorite mons were the fossil Pokemon.
        It’s such a bummer because S/V have so much promise but it’s clear the developers just weren’t given enough time. Violet was some of the most fun I’ve had playing Pokémon but I felt pretty bombarded by reminders that I paid too much for what I was playing.
            Yeah I almost bought a switch just to play it. Now that I have a steam deck I can play it without giving them money.
        not only that, i say if they're going to keep releasing games that they clearly are not putting the same level of care into that they were before then hell yeah let somebody else take over. i loved the original roller coaster tycoon games but i'm still delighted planet coaster exists, same with simcity and cities: skylines. sometimes rip offs are a good thing
            Oh yeah agreed 100%
        Are you saying this from experience? Did you play the games?  

 I've not seen a single Glitch in scarlet/violet personally, same for sword/shield. 200+ hours in both. Only seen glitches online from others. Yeah they're poorly optimized and unfinished but they're not a glitch fest.

Legends Arceus has 0 issues in any department.


If you have not played the game please don't bother commenting on this telling me how many glitches there are, unless you've experienced them yourself first hand your opinion is not relevant.
            Violet crashed on me multiple times.

Also they're butt ugly, no excuse for graphics THAT bad, and I'm not even a graphics purist
                See that's a fair comment at least
            No glitches in Arceus for me and the only glitches I had in SV were Tera Raid crashes to the home screen. They've mostly fixed the Tera Raid crashes with those only happening in online modes.
            "not a single glitch"
youre either snorting copium and became delusional or live under a rock with patrick star and don't actually own scarlet or violet.
                Have you played the game? The glitches you see online are not common and most people that complain about the game having a ton of glitches have not played the game.  

>and don't actually own scarlet or violet.

[I still play it to this day](https://i.imgur.com/qlD1z40.png), no glitches. The vast majority of players will not encounter any glitches whatsoever when playing this game. Yes there's a lot to see online but that doesn't mean that they're common. 

Have you experienced many glitches personally?
                    The performance issues ARE common. I have experienced them from day one. Everyone I know experiences them. The framerate and texture glitching are widespread. The games released and remain in an inexcusable state.
                        I did not say once there are no performance issues. Everyone knows there are framerate issues. I am not talking about framerate issues.

Glitches and performance issues are not the same thing. Please mate read before you comment.
                    No theres still glitches in Pokemon violet and scarlet, legit had my character legit yesterday fall through the world, and you gotta remember the release for Violet and scarlet was the most glitchiest, too the point that nintendo **willingly** gave people refunds cause of how buggy and glitchy it was, Arceus on the other hand was not in league to all the other pokemon games
                        I did not once say there are no glitches.

I said most people do not experience them. There's definitely still glitches, just most people will never see them.
                            Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
                                Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
    People calling every monster-taming game a Pokémon rip off is crazy lol  
It's literally an entire genre of gaming
        Definitely it’s own genre of gaming but people have problems with the designs of the monsters specifically. I don’t particularly care about it either way but there are definitely some designs that are Pokémon in a slightly different font.
    Many are lol but it is fun and a different take on monster catcher games like Pokemon.
    My boyfriend played it for two hours today. I hadn't heard anything about it, and then looked up and he was beating a pokemon with a bat. Which already had me annoyed. Then he told me it was called palworld and explained what he'd heard/seen about it. 

Nope. Not touching that.
        I mean it’s not any worse than having a lvl 100 Pokemon obliterating a mountain with Hyper Beam to beat a lvl 1 Pidgey 😂
        Considering there are deer that can literally punt you into orbit in Palworld, I wouldn't be feeling terribly sorry for them.
            And yet, I do. 

I know myself enough to know I will not enjoy the game. And the whole thing just seems like a copy paste of different games. They've just made it ultra violent and weird (which is know was purposefully meant to poke at pokemon, that isn't lost on me) but I wish they would've at least put a little more effort into making it feel less plagiarized. 

I don't know what elements people will or will not be made to encounter, but gun toting pokemon that you bludgeon and then force into sweat shop conditions and also kill for food (and apparently potentially do the same with people??), seems like something a lot of people wouldn't find cozy. I've seen people who don't want *any* element of violence for their gaming to be considered cozy, so this one is a bit of a stretch. 

I might also be annoyed because I *know* I will have an influx of 5 year olds talking about the "new pokemon game" that their parents are too lazy to research next week and I'm going to have to squash that shit hard.
                [removed]
                    Man, you get out of here with that shit.

Many of the people here looking for cozy games are into cozy games *precisely because* they have stories and mechanics based around being wholesome, calm, "soulfood". You don't get to decide whether *"those people"* are worthy of sharing their opinion or not just because you're offended that they don't find something like Palworld to be charming.
                        [removed]
                            They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
                                They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
                    Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason:
Divisive and/or rude content
                    I think I'm fine right where I am.
        It's so rare for people to downvote so much here, it's your opinion and it is fair even though I don't mind, I'm wondering if this is being brigaded.
            It wouldn't surprise me. People get *very* strong opinions about their preferred video games.
    To be fair a lot of pokemon designs are blatant rip off's of real animals/things.
        Pokemon was originally created and inspired by real animals and things, lol.
I noticed in this sub it’s rarely mentioned at all so it’s not surprising if you haven’t heard much about it it’s not really marketed as a cozy game even my favorite cozy YouTuber hasn’t mentioned it yet (Josh Gaming Garden) But I freaking love it and I’m but there’s news everywhere about Palworld even big streamers are in on it too. It’s big dude it’s has a million and still climbing FAST it’s not even the weekend yet.
    There were two posts about it yesterday if you do a search in the sub.
        My bad I didn’t see it.
    I saw Josh just said that he bought it a few hours ago, so we will see him playing soon XD
        I love Josh I don’t know why you got downvoted but I upvoted you.
            Same, thank you. Ppl down vote for anything in this web, its ok.
I see what you did there..
Yup wholly offline and single player that’s what sold me on it. I hate games as a service.
    Thanks OP! And happy Cake Day!
I know it’s amazing!! I can’t believe it’s an alpha it’s far too polished to be one.
How is the base building?
    We didn't do a lot of structure building, but we built a simple little "house" with a roof and 2 beds. It was fairly straightforward, and I could see the potential for a fair amount of customization if you get really into it. Building the rest of the base with crafting tables, beds for our Pals, etc. was really easy. We both loved how you can have your Pals working in various areas of the base from producing wood/stone to farming to helping you build stuff.
It's something from Craftopia that got put into Palworld as a running joke, from what I assume.
    Yeah I think it was an inside joke from Craftopia early build. But those that doesn't play craftopia might not know the inside joke so they might find it weird.
        I’m one of those who haven’t played that game, but I still find it amusing. I’m sure people are gonna make huge complaints about it though.
Not new. I swear anytime I try to play official PvP in Ark I wind up in some cage in a back corner of a mega tribe’s base. (Don’t play official. It sucks.)
    Ark multiplayer is rough I’ve spawn in and player with a flying dinosaur pick me up and dropped me and on my next spawn I was In a prison starving it is rough playing ARK online but it’s hilarious at the same time
        Haha, back in ASE, I used to put all my points into speed and just dart around the map like the gingerbread man. Too bad they nerfed that in ASA.
            I also did that too you became so fast you can almost walk on water that was when I was playing solo it’s probably a lot more hilarious with people trying to catch you I bet when you respawn you zipped around like sonic 😂
    I know it isn’t new. It’s just funny. Plus I think it’s only npcs. I doubt you can catch other players.
Que? Sounds similar to human trafficking
    When you ''catch'' a human the description say you do it but it's not something well seen in the world and considered inhumane ... It is indeed human trafficking.
    Right? I don’t know if it was intentional or not but I seen some YouTuber realized you can.
This game keeps getting better and better. Might have to re-subscribe to Game Pass to check it out
    If you’re ok with it only being single player or 4-player co-op. Apparently Xbox is very limited atm when it comes to that compared to the PC version.
        I did not know that that is the biggest difference from PC and console I really didn’t know that but 30+ people that’s amazing 😳
        [deleted]
            Yea but I believe it still has limited co-op since it’s a part of xbox? If I’m wrong then by all means I apologize, but I was under the impression it was connected to the Xbox servers.
    Hope you can get the 2$ gamepass again
        I think there is a way to get a discount somehow. Getting Xbox gold then upgrading to ultimate or something? I need to look into it
            That’s what I did and got like 3 years from it I forgot the trick behind it.
    just so you know apparently the game pass version is really borked right now
Whoa! I didn’t know that!!! That’s interesting for sure.
Nah. You actually need to put effort into making your Pals miserable. The game will kick you in the face with constant reminders to fix a) Pals not having beds, b) it's mandatory to build Hot Springs to relax your Pals after working to unlock features c) will spam notices if you have sick Pals and d) the object for being a dick to your Pals is extremely down the tech tree and involves a lot of micromanagement not worth the time. You also recruit some Pals by freeing them from poachers. It might play up the slavery aspect in marketing, but in game it's actually encourages you to do the opposite. Happy Pals are what you want for your base to be a success.
    That's good to know and seems very different that how it's been marketed. This makes me actually want to give it a try. Thanks!
        The marketing feels more applicable to the game's designated bandits/poachers as far as the Pal exploitation stuff goes, with your player freeing Pals from cages and the like as you explore the map. I think the only people who are going to be exploiting Pals are probably the same people you don't want to be around in real life either. And you're welcome\~
            Agreed the people are having the most problems with it only watched the trailer and they didn’t read what I said that made it cozy and it wasn’t guns it was having the Pokemon experience I wanted and rarely interfere when my pal is doing battle and my pal has moves he learns and I can change the moves I don’t even care about the guns. And my pals are almost like family to me they have a nice bedding in the house and they are happy. It kinda shows what a home with Pokemon is like and I got 5 just roaming around my house bringing whatever to my chest it’s sweet. It’s not this violent game people are making it out to be.
Kinda seems like cozified GTA downloading it to try.
    Haha that’s another one I forgot to put in my review but yeah your right it is a cozy gta where you can actually be team rocket and do bad stuff haha
That's marketing to shock and attract attention, but it's miles from the real experience. You're actually building a little cozy camp for yourself and your cute pals, making sure they're well fed and happy so they help and gather stuff. Right after they finish helping you, they shine and smile and it's the cutest thing ever. You can build little hot springs for them to relax and everything. The gun thing is more for fun but you don't have to play with that if you don't want to.
Pals are still cute though. Honestly it really is up to how you want to play it.
[deleted]
    And by doing so, a player won't encounter any guns, enslavement, or other vile acts in the game (from other players or villains)?
        Good point but you can be a hero of justice when PvE comes out and just wipe out his operation and liberate the pals joking here but yeah your right luckily I’m a solo player so I won’t see any heinous crimes.
            Again, nothing against the game in general. I just don't think it's "cozy" even if we're being very liberal with that term.
                Gotcha but I noticed people here will say Skyrim is cozy and I’ll have to disagree with that. Heck even people here say Rimworld is cozy and that game is a war crime simulator with organ harvesting to me that isn’t cozy lol but the definition of cozy varies here but it’s interesting to see what people consider cozy I guess.
You said it perfectly. :(
The ARPG mechanics are actually pretty light on compared to the progression system when you set up the custom game mode. I turned all the stressful stuff down to as close to zero as it would go and it's been plenty cosy.
I gotcha man I guess we all have different ideas on cozy on here Skyrim is listed a cozy on here and I don’t think is cozy but people consider it cozy with mods I think it’s a cozy game. I feel stressed out on stardew valley in the beginning because I feel like I have to mine to get better tools I wish there was a quarry for me to mine without enemies. It’s that saying the beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
Oh god. Good to know. Yeah, I cozy game to take my mind off my irl problems like this. :/

I don’t mind hard/triggering topics when it’s part of a narrative (ex. Omori) but then usually I know what I’m getting myself into as well. 

I played Palworld for about an hour today but it was pretty meh and when I learned about the slavery, butchering, guns etc. I decided it’s not for me. 

Also I’m autistic and honestly, just too sensitive even to fictional violence and I really dislike when violence is supposed to be funny.

Glad other people can enjoy this! I would never recommend it as a cozy game though.
    I agree. I would have appreciated even a trigger warning on something like that but from what I've seen and read, there isn't any. All the best to those who enjoy the game, just not for me.
Settings can be adjusted so you or your Pals don't experience this. The game can be configured to be very hard or super chill and cozy, with no hunger, defeat penalties, negative conditions, or material crafting costs. It's up to the player to decide how they want their world to play.
I am currently trying to recover from ARFID, how often does this dialogue pop up?
    It only popped up once for me, because I had unknowingly overworked my Pal, but I put the game down after, so I don't know how regular of a thing this is.
Yessssss exactly!!!  I’m wondering why the people here are saying it’s not cozy but they’ll suggest Skyrim or Rimworld. Cozy is when you feel cozy playing it and that alone makes it cozy.
    I see Skyrim suggested as cozy so much and to me it makes no sense as I was so stressed out playing that game, it was enjoyable but not cozy for me, but people view different things as cozy. I don't think games have to be super easy no stress to be considered cozy. this game definitely has many cozy aspects that I have been looking for.
        Yeah exactly you get it! You have to play the game to understand where I’m coming from. Most hater are just going by the game description and miss the real reason why it’s so comfy I copied and pasted this description the people are completely missing it says you can peacefully live with pals but people are so hyper focused on the violent part on the second paragraph.

(ABOUT THIS GAME

Q. What kind of game is this?

A. In this game, you can peacefully live alongside mysterious creatures known as Pals or risk your life to drive off a ruthless poaching syndicate.

Pals can be used to fight, or they can be made to work on farms or factories.
You can even sell them or eat them!)
I 100% agree with what you said! I love the pals, they're so cute. I love exploring the world, it's so peaceful and calming and big. And I love the fights to get new pals, they're exciting but not stressful.
Unfortunately the marketing is quite aggressive to shock and attract players, but it's really far from the truth. For food I've been eating berries, for weapons I've just been using a bow and fighting with my pals. I think you should check the let's play of good youtubers and ignore the trailers.
    Thank you for giving a reasonable answer that isn't "BUT BUT BUT THE LORE FOR POKEMON"
        Honestly, I was feeling the same way as you a few months ago. I was grossed out by the obsession with guns and surviving and didn't see the point. But then I tried it out (I've actively been looking for a good game so that helped) and it was soooo much better than expected. I immediately recommended it to my best friends, they loved it too and we've been playing together for hours now!
It’s all good and hey remember the gym leader Lt. Surge he mentioned he fought in a war with his trusty Raichu. I think Palworld is the adults perspective on the Pokemon world. Heck in the Pokemon game we had miltanks milk, ate a magikarp, and slowpoke tail. And some Pokédex entries are disturbing where they kill or suck your soul with the ghost types. This is my take on Palworld where your the adults. Plus team rocket was pretty big on poaching Pokemon for certain things.
    People acting like some of the descriptions for pokemon, especially in the older games, aren't traumatizing lol. Every single cubone is literally sad forever and stuck wondering around wearing their mom's skulls as masks like c'mon now 💀
>The Not-Pokemon using realistic weapons feels like it's meant very much to be the kind of "loledgy" of early 2000's Newgrounds

Id say, its more a pokemon/digimon mash up in a way. The darker tones of say digimon with the more cutesy tones in style for the pals kinda like pokemon
Same as every Pokemon game really.
    Idk, it feels a lot more violent to beat them down with a bat or shoot them with an AR. Lol It's ARK style taming.
        I personally love it cause it's hilarious.
            Absolutely! I am pretty impressed with how solid the game is tbh, really enjoying it.
The CM for Pocketpair, Bucky, came out and said that the developers don't have anything to do with AI art and NFTs.
    Actually, one of their games *explicitly* states it uses AI art - it's literally the whole premise of their game and back in 2021 they were toying around with the idea of adding NFT connection to their Crafttopia game so...  


**Edit:** A direct quote from the AI game description; " All you need to do is to give the AI a few words or a short sentence related to the theme. Then the AI will generate completely unique art for you. You don't need to have aesthetic taste or an artistic background. Sometimes AI-generated arts look weird and strange, but that's a form of art, too." I saw the screenshot of the dev in someone's DMs claiming they don't use AI 'art' but clearly they don't know their own games because their game literally says directly that they do.
        Yeah, the Palworld developers are not the developers who work on or have anything to do with Craftopia or any other projects. That game has nothing to do with Palworld or its development.
            All three of them are developed by PocketPair INC.

Obviously the teams are not filled with the same exact people (literally no one with a brain thinks they are), but it still matters that the company supports and uses AI 'art'.

**Edit:** To be clear, never said people can't play it or whatever. If you don't care that the company develops a game that uses AI 'art' that's fine, but personally for me it's a hard pass on any game they ever release. I specifically said "use AI 'art' in one of their *other* games so *I'll* pass."
                It really doesn't matter. As an illustrator, AI has never had any impact on my work as a professional nor the amount of work or pay I receive from clients. If fan artists on Twitter are upset that their illegal work is being replaced by machines, then my sympathy is non-existent. It shouldn't be a factor in any purchasing decisions, because it's not harming anyone who does honest work for a living.

Edit: Since you blocked me, no "fan artists" are not the same as industrial designers and aren't even in the same job field. Maybe they're hit by the fact that they're easily replaced by a bot, but that's not the case with services provided by professionals. It's a problem that will never impact me because I'm not being hired for "pretty images".
                    It's not just fan-artists who are screwed over by AI 'art', but ok, and even if it were that is still disgusting. 

Have a day.

P.S: Fan-artists are just as important and just as much real artists as those that do original art.
In Pokémon your Pokemon actually can die remember the lavender tower where Cubone mom died and her ghost couldn’t move on. Magikarp and Slowpoke tail was on the menu in the Pokemon universe we were shown the children’s perspective. And we have a gym leader that actually fought in a war there was probably guns involved it was probably Palworld with Surge and his trusty Raichu. Palworld is probably the Adults perspective in a Pokemon like world.
    I've never owned a Nintendo console so have never played a pokemon game so no I'm not aware of any of that. I'm just expressing that in a game with creatures I guarantee I would get attached and not be okay with that. IRL I can't even look at photos of cows without feeling guilty, I cannot murder cute creatures for food in a game without feeling something about it. That is the opposite of cozy for me.
        Oooh okay I agree with you I hate it when my pets died in harvest moon it made me sad. And if you actually fight unlike what I’m doing making the biggest farm yeah I can’t guarantee if your pal will survive a fight with a legendary or a story villain. I have my settings tweaked so high where me and my pals are very difficult to die but it’s not impossible to die. So from what you are saying I wouldn’t recommend it to you. And I haven’t played pal world long enough to know if my pals will die to age like harvest moon so I’m unsure on that specific one yet. But yeah I won’t recommend it for you. And happy gaming friend enjoy all the other cozy games!! 😊
        they dont die, they faint here. You drop them in the box and they are on a 10 minute timer.
            That’s good to know I’ve been avoiding combat for that reason.
                I just watched 3 cats beat up a deer and then turn on my poor cat lmao. Learned they just faint
                    Whoa that’s crazy
            Really? In the game description on Steam it definitely said they could die when I read it a few days ago.
I just wanted to be the first review haha and I’d like to see other reviews too myself. I know people here don’t like the slavery, sweatshop and killing pals for food so some review might be positive others may be negative.
Haha that’s hilarious we all tried that with Pokemon trying to catch other people’s Pokemon now people! What the heck this is funny can we use the humans for anything?
    No idea, just watched a video.  I'll not spoil the text that pops up upon capture.
Yike were you playing custom mode or a harder difficulty?
    Nope, didn't change any difficulty settings. Before and after that it's been smooth sailing but it was shocking at the time.
        Ahhh make sense but pretty shocking too I bet it was a mammorest that laid waste to it .
Play it your way. I don’t think survival is cozy I got rid of it and played it the way I wanted to play it you’d have to look at the settings it’s not 100% god mode more like Demi god and my battle are pretty even since I play it Pokemon style no weapon or interference and it cool to watch my Pokemon pull off some cool moves cheat doesn’t work on monsters anyways and trainer in Pokemon games got god mode on for them anyways that’s how they are unaffected by earthshattering moves. And dynamax how does the trainer survive the giant form of hyperbeam.
I just play it the way I want to play it. It gives me the coziest feeling not having to survive but going on a  Pokemon journey.
    So its sorta like pokemon with base building if you play with the custom mode?

Can you completely turn off the survival stuff or there a minimal level you have to play with? Because I have no interest in survival type games which is why I wrote this off for me once I saw some streams.
If it doesn’t click you tried right? And plus plenty good stuff awaiting you !
Did you read all that stuff is optional and the settings I mentioned you can tweak it till you are a god incapable of death same for your pals I mean I tweaked hunger to the lowest setting and I don’t even need food till the 3rd day when I’m starving and you can tweak the respawn rate of food so starving isn’t a issue because food respawn in a few seconds and you can store it. And having your whole farm automated is beyond chill and relaxing getting started on your farm is the hard part but once you got enough pals it’s even easier than Stardew valley.
    How much have you played? You can't automate any crafting, only resource gathering. I'm on my 7th hour in now and the closest you can get is summoning a pal to the work bench to speed up your crafting.
        You can throw a Pal at a workbench to have it permanently assigned to that activity. All you have to do is start the order and the Pal will crank through it until it's done. I slap 30 sets of eggs on the fire on and my Pal assigned to it will take care of the rest. You can do the same for every workstation. You also need to provide them lots of food (not that you really need to with the custom difficulty), bedding and leisure like the hot springs for them to keep doing the assigned tasks. This is the automation of the game and it's part of why more Pals has the base run more efficiently.
            Does the last sentence of the comment you replied to not say that already?

Also, queueing up the crafting recipe is why I've stated it isn't automatic.
                This is a survival game, not Rimworld. You're still expected to manage parts of your base and it's not nearly as much trouble as you're making out.
        Like 6 hours in and I wasn’t talking about crafting but giving your pals a tasks like what you are doing right now. You can totally automate your farm I wasn’t talking about gathering resources or anything like that I wish that would be awesome though.
        I forgot to tell you the pal have different roles around your house you have look at them and see the chores they can do you just did one. You can have 8 out if you have a base don’t forget to feed your pals and give them a nice bedding. There’s like tons of things they can do my mammoth like to wreck rock and trees while he’s out of the ball
            I am aware. Still not Cozy.

Fun tip for you. Those pals with logging? Summon them onto the tree and they'll chop it down for you. Then you go chop down a different one. And no, I don't mean the tree farm crafting recipe.

Same with mining.
                [deleted]
                    Who is human trafficking Cozy for, exactly? Does it give you a sense of nostalgia? Is it a warm and comforting feeling? Does kidnapping an npc and selling him off remind you of a simpler time?

I'm all for subjective. But then there is also incorrect.

You want me to be respectful of others opinion? You mean sort of like the opposite of how you aren't being respectful of my opinion. You've attempted to correct it because you disagree. See how that's hypocrisy? Would you correct a religious person into saying "well, it's possible other gods exist but my religion doesn't acknowledge that," or just let them have their opinion on an opinion related website, such as reddit.

You disagree. Cool! But it's my opinion. So the "to me" part is irrelevant. I wasn't speaking for you.
                        That's just stuff people found out you can do and are talking about it/doing it for views. You don't have to kidnap any NPCs or do anything like that lmfao. It's similar to other do-what-you-want games like Minecraft,  Stardew, or Skyrim. Cozy is subjective. Do I think Skyrim is cozy? No. Do many think it is and consider it a cozy game? Yes. 


And they were just saying to add the "to me" as the way you're wording your comments like it's a matter-of-fact. Yes it's your opinion which is fine, and it came from you so you may think it's irrelevant, but being aware of how you write and come off is important here as well. Just blatantly saying "Not cozy" point blank period and doubling down without ever really mentioning it that **you** don't personally find it cozy is the reason they made that comment.
Exactly it's getting ridiculous the amount of people who want to shoehorn every new game that comes out into being a cozy game.

It's not a cozy game, the end. It shouldn't change your enjoyment of the game so I don't get why people get upset about it
    Yeah…

It’s gotten to the point where literally any game can be a cozy game. If I tell people “I like cozy games,” based on this sub, they really wouldn’t have any idea what type of games those are. It can include everything from Skyrim and Monster Hunter on one end to Animal Crossing and Disney Dreamlight Valley on the other.

I get wanting to be inclusive, but at some point it just stops being a useful phrase because it’s so broad. Basically it amounts to “game that makes you feel good,” which can literally be every game. But “game that makes me feel good” isn’t really what I’m trying to express when I use the term “cozy game.” I use it to find people with similar interests in games, if it becomes so diluted that I’m not longer able to find people with similar gaming interests it becomes useless.

Games can be nostalgic, easy, rated E, and comfortable. Games can have *cozy elements*, you can mod games to make them *cozier*, but not everything is a *cozy game.*
    [deleted]
        It's not gatekeeping to state a fact that the game isn't cozy, it doesn't stop you enjoying it or playing it.

It's just not categorised as cosy. If anything can be a cozy game there really is no point to even having it a genre classification.
[deleted]
    Or you are using the wrong word.
        [deleted]
            Fr lmao like.... cozy is subjective and I'm sure some of the games they consider "cozy" are games others will say are "not cozy"
Oh I forgot to add there is a crime syndicate story you can follow but the crime syndicate does use guns themselves but that story is optional you can live a happy farming life with your Not Pokemon and chill and breed them for some rare variants.
You would have to craft the guns for the specific Pal. Its an optional unlockable technology. For if you let them fight. I don’t let mine fight tho I keep them in camp. 

There’s a crime syndicate similar to Team Rocket but they just kinda stay in their area from what I’ve seen. 

I haven’t done any of that. Just been building my house and feeding my Pals. You can kinda do whatever you want in the game.
    The syndicate will mandatory raid your base so your not pokemon have to fight 🤣
        So far that’s happened only once and my pals took them out in like one hit 😅 They’re high level from me building stuff and cooking. so it hasn’t been much of an issue!
I’m early game and I have weapons but I don’t have guns yet that seems to be a mid to late game thing. And I’m already farming on my farm and I don’t have guns neither does my not Pokemon so yes absolutely you don’t have to use guns. Looking on my crafting list there’s a bench you can make to give your pals weapons but that late game stuff. And the Pals have their moves like Pokemon does so the guns are optional.
scandalous ugly handle judicious offer pause smell late like dirty

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
    Good point there I know people feel cozy playing doom so your right I’ll steal that line from you the next time someone tells me it’s not cozy. Thank you 🙏 😊
It has custom mode that makes you impossible hurt and has farming and your Pokemon does everything for you that is easy. It’s easier than rune factory. If it’s easier than rune factory then it’s a cozy game through and through. Cozy means I can relax and text my buddies while my Pokemon is crafting and farming when I’m done I pick up everything and sell that’s probably the easiest game I’ve ever played.
It’s a good rip off steam has like 500k concurrent players and I bet there’s a lot more on gamepass I bet Game Freak is so mad that they didn’t come up with this first lol if you take so long people will do it themselves
Oh yeah it’s very chill all I’m doing is farming and building my home with my not Pokemon. That’s funny I thought it was going to be a meme game too but stayed for it because it was surprisingly good.
I know it’s sooo fun I’m glad people here are experiencing it too would you say it’s cozy? I see people on here saying it isn’t cozy thoughts?
    You can change the settings when you make your world to make it suuuuper easy and relaxing. I have the day length turned way up and pal damage way down so I'm just running around looking for pal dudes!
Oh yeah it’s totally relaxing and it gives me peace of mind too I enjoy it I’ve grown attached to my Pal
I guess we got a different definition of cozy haha I mean people here think Skyrim and Rimworld on peaceful as cozy I guess cozy differ with different people.
Custom mode makes it not a survival and you can befriend a pal they are called pal for a reason you don’t have to do livestock that’s for players that like ranching or playing a evil route like team rocket.
    yeah I haven't try that yet. I might need to tweak the setting more to make it cozy. Any setting you recommend?
        Use everything that benefits you and your pals. One heads up the custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one I still had the pal damage higher so mine will do more damage it’s a double edged sword when you tweak the pal setting. But pal hunger? Turn that all the way down because hunger isn’t going to affect the wild one hope my advice helped
            >custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one

Oh interesting, they should've separate it for sure. Thanks a lot for the headsup will try it later. I'm sure it will help
                No problem and yeah they should separate it but ARK also had the same thing but never changed it. Maybe Palworld will get a creative mode in the future since they talked about creative mode for their other game.
Custom mode that makes you god like and and easy resources. And your Pokemon does everything for you crafting and farming it doesn’t get easier than that man the guy your watching playing is probably playing on the hardest difficulty. People who actually own the game knows how stupid easy it is. Streamers like to play the hardest mode. It can be the easiest game or the hardest you pick.
    Joe was playing on casual to keep it chill, hes the type to keep things easy as he prefers a casual play style. Still doesnt seem like my idea of a fun/cozy game all that much.
Yeah I know they have no problem whatsoever chucking a metal pokeball which might give a Pokemon a concussion or give them a Ouchie and one ball is called the heavy ball I bet that hurts. And they have no problems imprisoning a Pokemon against their will and make them fight their own kind. But they draw a line with Palworld 😂😂😂
    It's definitely a weird thing to get hung up on considering games like Red Dead Redemption 2 entails you to hunt animals that exist in real life as well. Then again I think a lot of the haters are secretly jealous that Palworld is finally doing what a lot of Pokemon players have been begging Nintendo to do for years.
        I don’t know why you got downvoted but I upvoted you but it does seem like 1/3 of this board is with PETA and yeah it does seem like they are jealous of Palworld I mean Pokemon fans on twitter is losing their shit over Palworld and that isn’t going to get better Palworld has 500,000 concurrent players on Steam and probably a million on gamepass alone and it’s still growing this is only the second day. But really Pokemon fans should be glad there’s a Pokemon like game where everyone can play on different platforms I bet it will hit PlayStation too at 1.0 but there’s nothing to gain by being upset about it.
            Thanks although I expected the downvotes for pointing out the obvious. The nature of social media can be a weird one from time to time. 😂
Devs also support NFTs and AI art.

Pass.
    yup. i don’t get how people just throw their money at a company like that.
    No they don't, the Palworld CM already said this is a lie and none of the people on Twitter stating it have ever provided proof either.
Well Pokemon isn’t doing anything and they are the ones using their name for clout. At least Palworld is doing something different. Pokemon fans are hungry and Palworld cooked up something delicious for the Pokemon fans. I bet the devs thought I wanted this for years and Pokemon has yet done anything and cut their Pokemon roster down by half or more and they went and made it.
Cozy isn’t a genre but it’s a feeling so if doom gives you the coziest feeling who am I to judge.
Haha enjoy my friend have the best fun you can!
    I almost immediately felt immense guilt upon capturing my first pal
        Why?  Because you clubbed him in the head and healed him and now your pal has Stockholm Syndrome and will fight and die for you 🥰
            I do love the little cat man that helps me build things but at what cost
                😅 You got me here but the cat man is awesome! Shame he’s done injustice in his pal world dex entry 🥹
make sure you update your graphics card drivers in nvidia. I have a old as dirt laptop with 970m and clear 40-50 on med.
    Actually my laptop uses the same card as your 970 is still a beast if you run medium on most newer games I’ve actually got baldurs gate running 30 fps on that laptop.
        Yeah my poor thing was from 2017ish. 16gb of ram is the saving grace.
            Same here! I hate we can’t upgrade our laptops I’m planning on waiting for an eventful 4050 4060 card before I buy so I can be future proofed for another 8-9 years.
Wow that sucks sorry to hear that maybe it’s more stable on console. I don’t get much crashes on games that are on consoles. I get a lot of crashes on PC and I just bought it for PC so I can play on my Steam Deck. I hope I don’t get lots of crashes there.
Glad you’re enjoying hopefully you can post a review when you are done I’d be interested in reading it.
    Thanks! Glad you're enjoying it too. I don't really write reviews but I might share some screenshots I took. :)
        Nice go for it bud!
I'm a casual lurker of this subreddit. You're not wrong. However, I also think it's fair for a cozy games community to prioritize coziness. I don't think this is the kind of demographic that enjoys realistic edges to their games. I also don't think that makes them hypocrites in any way.  

Agreed 👍
It is a cozy game if you use custom mode and once you build your farm. Your Pokemon will do everything for you I swear it’s cozy because I was texting while my Pokemon was doing his job when I was done he got everything done for me. If rune factory is easy this is even easier.
Good point haha 😂
I upvoted you but you still got downvoted but I agree it is very well optimized it almost perfect I think you got downvoted because people got the wrong idea about slavery in the trailer in my game my pals are the opposite and they are happy and live in my house with me and they get fed a lot. People are just downvoting because of wrong information.
You must have breeding mistaken it’s only among pals for a rare color similar to Breeding in the OG Pokemon games for shiny. There’s no sexual stuff with pals that’s definitely not a real thing in the game. And you must not be familiar with Pokemon R34 then?  Gardevoir and Lopunny is the most sexualized Pokemon of all time. My point is people will sexualize anything.
    They are actually correct there is a pal that is horny as fffff and is okay with boning humans.

Lovander pal number.....sigh....69

https://www.reddit.com/r/Palworld/comments/197w0yb/what_did_the_palworld_devs_mean_by_this_paldex/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb3x&utm_name=mweb3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
        That’s interesting for sure
I'm not sure what game you've been seeing but there's absolutely nothing sexual in Palworld at all.
    Lovander pal number 69


Yes you heard me.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Palworld/comments/197w0yb/what_did_the_palworld_devs_mean_by_this_paldex/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb3x&utm_name=mweb3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
        lol at you being downvoted for sharing accurate information
            It's funny it even has its dex entry in that screenshot saying so.

Also it's a game about enslaving Pokémon to work on a farm, capturing and selling humans. But a horny pal is where they angrily draw the line?
You had a problem with that, but not all the slavery?


K
Haha nice!
It’s advertised on steam if you went on steam now you couldn’t miss it. And it’s only getting more popular give it time and all the big YouTuber will be playing this. It’s already got more than a million players.
That’s awesome yay I’m glad people are loving it !
Yeah that sucks on how you can’t have early access games on PlayStation I really wanted slime rancher 2 on PlayStation but yeah they are sticklers for their rules :(
Haha enjoy custom mode is your friend for maximum coziness .
Ok looked at your other post and ill give you an answer it runs meh on the steam deck everything looked so tiny i mean it is very tiny on the steam deck so i hope it gets optimized for the steam deck in the future. I really could not see anything and it was blurry and the UI was so thin and tiny.
    That’s weird, I played for a couple hours and had zero problems seeing anything and I wear bifocals
        Did you change the settings or was it automatic?
            I went with stock.
Sorry my bad I didn’t see it a mod brought that to my attention that there was two posts so my bad. And I did a review soo it’s completely different from yours. How are you liking it so far?
    I think it’s great. I see a lot of potential for it and a lot I’d like to see improvement on (like the UI) but over all I’m impressed for an early access and the price point was reasonable
Whooo glad your enjoying it bud have fun a glorious adventure awaits you.
Morality is in the game you can be a good and benevolent trainer or you can be evil and use Pokemon as slaves. Thats on you the choice is there and you can have machines to automate stuff instead of Pokemon being slaves. Or you can be the worst person alive. Think about game like Baldurs Gate where you are the worst and bang a bear or you can be a legendary hero that always does the right thing.
    Thanks for the insight! Will definitely check it out on  Gamepass first to see if it will click.
Just like Pokémon you have to beat them till they are in the red then catch them and heal them back at full health then the Pokemon gains Stockholm Syndrome and loves you no matter what 😊
    [deleted]
        Sounds like projection.
have you literally never played a pokemon game
Xbox controller works fine, PlayStation it doesn’t show the right button placement. Do you happen to be playing with PlayStation controller?
    Xbox controller (MSI one) on PC - idk why but when you do anything it doesn’t show what to press in the tutorial or in the UI
        Oh then I’m not sure man I wish I could help tho
            That’s cool. Is there any way to make the HUD text bigger?
I think it could be better everything looks so small. Another person on here likes it on the steam deck.
    Ty!!
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason: 
Self-promoting outside of weekly thread
The devs have two other games still in EA and are still nowhere near finished with Craftopia which has been EA since 2020. That's just all sorts of red flags.
Surely they'll just take the money and run, totally seems likely /s
The game is pretty bad. Lots of glitches and the manual crafting (holding X) is such a step backwards in the survival genre. 
Few things I figured out within an hour of gameplay really set me off. Not a great survival game.
Pokemon isnt worth defending, if youve played them at any rate, they have put out a glitch fest for the last 5 years, and its the same copy pasta.
    Where did I defend Pokémon? lol Just saying that the only things I’ve seen about it are about the designs, not the gameplay.
        [removed]
            Lmao what??? I replied to a comment about seeing stuff about it by saying what I had seen about it. I literally have no opinion. Get a grip.
    You aren’t wrong the 3DS was the last great one meaning you can actually catch em all. Now your lucky if your favorite mon makes the cut some of my favorites hasn’t made it in the game like most of my favorite mons were the fossil Pokemon.
    It’s such a bummer because S/V have so much promise but it’s clear the developers just weren’t given enough time. Violet was some of the most fun I’ve had playing Pokémon but I felt pretty bombarded by reminders that I paid too much for what I was playing.
        Yeah I almost bought a switch just to play it. Now that I have a steam deck I can play it without giving them money.
    not only that, i say if they're going to keep releasing games that they clearly are not putting the same level of care into that they were before then hell yeah let somebody else take over. i loved the original roller coaster tycoon games but i'm still delighted planet coaster exists, same with simcity and cities: skylines. sometimes rip offs are a good thing
        Oh yeah agreed 100%
    Are you saying this from experience? Did you play the games?  

 I've not seen a single Glitch in scarlet/violet personally, same for sword/shield. 200+ hours in both. Only seen glitches online from others. Yeah they're poorly optimized and unfinished but they're not a glitch fest.

Legends Arceus has 0 issues in any department.


If you have not played the game please don't bother commenting on this telling me how many glitches there are, unless you've experienced them yourself first hand your opinion is not relevant.
        Violet crashed on me multiple times.

Also they're butt ugly, no excuse for graphics THAT bad, and I'm not even a graphics purist
            See that's a fair comment at least
        No glitches in Arceus for me and the only glitches I had in SV were Tera Raid crashes to the home screen. They've mostly fixed the Tera Raid crashes with those only happening in online modes.
        "not a single glitch"
youre either snorting copium and became delusional or live under a rock with patrick star and don't actually own scarlet or violet.
            Have you played the game? The glitches you see online are not common and most people that complain about the game having a ton of glitches have not played the game.  

>and don't actually own scarlet or violet.

[I still play it to this day](https://i.imgur.com/qlD1z40.png), no glitches. The vast majority of players will not encounter any glitches whatsoever when playing this game. Yes there's a lot to see online but that doesn't mean that they're common. 

Have you experienced many glitches personally?
                The performance issues ARE common. I have experienced them from day one. Everyone I know experiences them. The framerate and texture glitching are widespread. The games released and remain in an inexcusable state.
                    I did not say once there are no performance issues. Everyone knows there are framerate issues. I am not talking about framerate issues.

Glitches and performance issues are not the same thing. Please mate read before you comment.
                No theres still glitches in Pokemon violet and scarlet, legit had my character legit yesterday fall through the world, and you gotta remember the release for Violet and scarlet was the most glitchiest, too the point that nintendo **willingly** gave people refunds cause of how buggy and glitchy it was, Arceus on the other hand was not in league to all the other pokemon games
                    I did not once say there are no glitches.

I said most people do not experience them. There's definitely still glitches, just most people will never see them.
                        Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
                            Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
People calling every monster-taming game a Pokémon rip off is crazy lol  
It's literally an entire genre of gaming
    Definitely it’s own genre of gaming but people have problems with the designs of the monsters specifically. I don’t particularly care about it either way but there are definitely some designs that are Pokémon in a slightly different font.
Many are lol but it is fun and a different take on monster catcher games like Pokemon.
My boyfriend played it for two hours today. I hadn't heard anything about it, and then looked up and he was beating a pokemon with a bat. Which already had me annoyed. Then he told me it was called palworld and explained what he'd heard/seen about it. 

Nope. Not touching that.
    I mean it’s not any worse than having a lvl 100 Pokemon obliterating a mountain with Hyper Beam to beat a lvl 1 Pidgey 😂
    Considering there are deer that can literally punt you into orbit in Palworld, I wouldn't be feeling terribly sorry for them.
        And yet, I do. 

I know myself enough to know I will not enjoy the game. And the whole thing just seems like a copy paste of different games. They've just made it ultra violent and weird (which is know was purposefully meant to poke at pokemon, that isn't lost on me) but I wish they would've at least put a little more effort into making it feel less plagiarized. 

I don't know what elements people will or will not be made to encounter, but gun toting pokemon that you bludgeon and then force into sweat shop conditions and also kill for food (and apparently potentially do the same with people??), seems like something a lot of people wouldn't find cozy. I've seen people who don't want *any* element of violence for their gaming to be considered cozy, so this one is a bit of a stretch. 

I might also be annoyed because I *know* I will have an influx of 5 year olds talking about the "new pokemon game" that their parents are too lazy to research next week and I'm going to have to squash that shit hard.
            [removed]
                Man, you get out of here with that shit.

Many of the people here looking for cozy games are into cozy games *precisely because* they have stories and mechanics based around being wholesome, calm, "soulfood". You don't get to decide whether *"those people"* are worthy of sharing their opinion or not just because you're offended that they don't find something like Palworld to be charming.
                    [removed]
                        They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
                            They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
                Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason:
Divisive and/or rude content
                I think I'm fine right where I am.
    It's so rare for people to downvote so much here, it's your opinion and it is fair even though I don't mind, I'm wondering if this is being brigaded.
        It wouldn't surprise me. People get *very* strong opinions about their preferred video games.
To be fair a lot of pokemon designs are blatant rip off's of real animals/things.
    Pokemon was originally created and inspired by real animals and things, lol.
There were two posts about it yesterday if you do a search in the sub.
    My bad I didn’t see it.
I saw Josh just said that he bought it a few hours ago, so we will see him playing soon XD
    I love Josh I don’t know why you got downvoted but I upvoted you.
        Same, thank you. Ppl down vote for anything in this web, its ok.
Thanks OP! And happy Cake Day!
We didn't do a lot of structure building, but we built a simple little "house" with a roof and 2 beds. It was fairly straightforward, and I could see the potential for a fair amount of customization if you get really into it. Building the rest of the base with crafting tables, beds for our Pals, etc. was really easy. We both loved how you can have your Pals working in various areas of the base from producing wood/stone to farming to helping you build stuff.
Yeah I think it was an inside joke from Craftopia early build. But those that doesn't play craftopia might not know the inside joke so they might find it weird.
    I’m one of those who haven’t played that game, but I still find it amusing. I’m sure people are gonna make huge complaints about it though.
Ark multiplayer is rough I’ve spawn in and player with a flying dinosaur pick me up and dropped me and on my next spawn I was In a prison starving it is rough playing ARK online but it’s hilarious at the same time
    Haha, back in ASE, I used to put all my points into speed and just dart around the map like the gingerbread man. Too bad they nerfed that in ASA.
        I also did that too you became so fast you can almost walk on water that was when I was playing solo it’s probably a lot more hilarious with people trying to catch you I bet when you respawn you zipped around like sonic 😂
I know it isn’t new. It’s just funny. Plus I think it’s only npcs. I doubt you can catch other players.
When you ''catch'' a human the description say you do it but it's not something well seen in the world and considered inhumane ... It is indeed human trafficking.
Right? I don’t know if it was intentional or not but I seen some YouTuber realized you can.
If you’re ok with it only being single player or 4-player co-op. Apparently Xbox is very limited atm when it comes to that compared to the PC version.
    I did not know that that is the biggest difference from PC and console I really didn’t know that but 30+ people that’s amazing 😳
    [deleted]
        Yea but I believe it still has limited co-op since it’s a part of xbox? If I’m wrong then by all means I apologize, but I was under the impression it was connected to the Xbox servers.
Hope you can get the 2$ gamepass again
    I think there is a way to get a discount somehow. Getting Xbox gold then upgrading to ultimate or something? I need to look into it
        That’s what I did and got like 3 years from it I forgot the trick behind it.
just so you know apparently the game pass version is really borked right now
That's good to know and seems very different that how it's been marketed. This makes me actually want to give it a try. Thanks!
    The marketing feels more applicable to the game's designated bandits/poachers as far as the Pal exploitation stuff goes, with your player freeing Pals from cages and the like as you explore the map. I think the only people who are going to be exploiting Pals are probably the same people you don't want to be around in real life either. And you're welcome\~
        Agreed the people are having the most problems with it only watched the trailer and they didn’t read what I said that made it cozy and it wasn’t guns it was having the Pokemon experience I wanted and rarely interfere when my pal is doing battle and my pal has moves he learns and I can change the moves I don’t even care about the guns. And my pals are almost like family to me they have a nice bedding in the house and they are happy. It kinda shows what a home with Pokemon is like and I got 5 just roaming around my house bringing whatever to my chest it’s sweet. It’s not this violent game people are making it out to be.
Haha that’s another one I forgot to put in my review but yeah your right it is a cozy gta where you can actually be team rocket and do bad stuff haha
And by doing so, a player won't encounter any guns, enslavement, or other vile acts in the game (from other players or villains)?
    Good point but you can be a hero of justice when PvE comes out and just wipe out his operation and liberate the pals joking here but yeah your right luckily I’m a solo player so I won’t see any heinous crimes.
        Again, nothing against the game in general. I just don't think it's "cozy" even if we're being very liberal with that term.
            Gotcha but I noticed people here will say Skyrim is cozy and I’ll have to disagree with that. Heck even people here say Rimworld is cozy and that game is a war crime simulator with organ harvesting to me that isn’t cozy lol but the definition of cozy varies here but it’s interesting to see what people consider cozy I guess.
I agree. I would have appreciated even a trigger warning on something like that but from what I've seen and read, there isn't any. All the best to those who enjoy the game, just not for me.
It only popped up once for me, because I had unknowingly overworked my Pal, but I put the game down after, so I don't know how regular of a thing this is.
I see Skyrim suggested as cozy so much and to me it makes no sense as I was so stressed out playing that game, it was enjoyable but not cozy for me, but people view different things as cozy. I don't think games have to be super easy no stress to be considered cozy. this game definitely has many cozy aspects that I have been looking for.
    Yeah exactly you get it! You have to play the game to understand where I’m coming from. Most hater are just going by the game description and miss the real reason why it’s so comfy I copied and pasted this description the people are completely missing it says you can peacefully live with pals but people are so hyper focused on the violent part on the second paragraph.

(ABOUT THIS GAME

Q. What kind of game is this?

A. In this game, you can peacefully live alongside mysterious creatures known as Pals or risk your life to drive off a ruthless poaching syndicate.

Pals can be used to fight, or they can be made to work on farms or factories.
You can even sell them or eat them!)
Thank you for giving a reasonable answer that isn't "BUT BUT BUT THE LORE FOR POKEMON"
    Honestly, I was feeling the same way as you a few months ago. I was grossed out by the obsession with guns and surviving and didn't see the point. But then I tried it out (I've actively been looking for a good game so that helped) and it was soooo much better than expected. I immediately recommended it to my best friends, they loved it too and we've been playing together for hours now!
People acting like some of the descriptions for pokemon, especially in the older games, aren't traumatizing lol. Every single cubone is literally sad forever and stuck wondering around wearing their mom's skulls as masks like c'mon now 💀
Idk, it feels a lot more violent to beat them down with a bat or shoot them with an AR. Lol It's ARK style taming.
    I personally love it cause it's hilarious.
        Absolutely! I am pretty impressed with how solid the game is tbh, really enjoying it.
Actually, one of their games *explicitly* states it uses AI art - it's literally the whole premise of their game and back in 2021 they were toying around with the idea of adding NFT connection to their Crafttopia game so...  


**Edit:** A direct quote from the AI game description; " All you need to do is to give the AI a few words or a short sentence related to the theme. Then the AI will generate completely unique art for you. You don't need to have aesthetic taste or an artistic background. Sometimes AI-generated arts look weird and strange, but that's a form of art, too." I saw the screenshot of the dev in someone's DMs claiming they don't use AI 'art' but clearly they don't know their own games because their game literally says directly that they do.
    Yeah, the Palworld developers are not the developers who work on or have anything to do with Craftopia or any other projects. That game has nothing to do with Palworld or its development.
        All three of them are developed by PocketPair INC.

Obviously the teams are not filled with the same exact people (literally no one with a brain thinks they are), but it still matters that the company supports and uses AI 'art'.

**Edit:** To be clear, never said people can't play it or whatever. If you don't care that the company develops a game that uses AI 'art' that's fine, but personally for me it's a hard pass on any game they ever release. I specifically said "use AI 'art' in one of their *other* games so *I'll* pass."
            It really doesn't matter. As an illustrator, AI has never had any impact on my work as a professional nor the amount of work or pay I receive from clients. If fan artists on Twitter are upset that their illegal work is being replaced by machines, then my sympathy is non-existent. It shouldn't be a factor in any purchasing decisions, because it's not harming anyone who does honest work for a living.

Edit: Since you blocked me, no "fan artists" are not the same as industrial designers and aren't even in the same job field. Maybe they're hit by the fact that they're easily replaced by a bot, but that's not the case with services provided by professionals. It's a problem that will never impact me because I'm not being hired for "pretty images".
                It's not just fan-artists who are screwed over by AI 'art', but ok, and even if it were that is still disgusting. 

Have a day.

P.S: Fan-artists are just as important and just as much real artists as those that do original art.
I've never owned a Nintendo console so have never played a pokemon game so no I'm not aware of any of that. I'm just expressing that in a game with creatures I guarantee I would get attached and not be okay with that. IRL I can't even look at photos of cows without feeling guilty, I cannot murder cute creatures for food in a game without feeling something about it. That is the opposite of cozy for me.
    Oooh okay I agree with you I hate it when my pets died in harvest moon it made me sad. And if you actually fight unlike what I’m doing making the biggest farm yeah I can’t guarantee if your pal will survive a fight with a legendary or a story villain. I have my settings tweaked so high where me and my pals are very difficult to die but it’s not impossible to die. So from what you are saying I wouldn’t recommend it to you. And I haven’t played pal world long enough to know if my pals will die to age like harvest moon so I’m unsure on that specific one yet. But yeah I won’t recommend it for you. And happy gaming friend enjoy all the other cozy games!! 😊
    they dont die, they faint here. You drop them in the box and they are on a 10 minute timer.
        That’s good to know I’ve been avoiding combat for that reason.
            I just watched 3 cats beat up a deer and then turn on my poor cat lmao. Learned they just faint
                Whoa that’s crazy
        Really? In the game description on Steam it definitely said they could die when I read it a few days ago.
No idea, just watched a video.  I'll not spoil the text that pops up upon capture.
Nope, didn't change any difficulty settings. Before and after that it's been smooth sailing but it was shocking at the time.
    Ahhh make sense but pretty shocking too I bet it was a mammorest that laid waste to it .
So its sorta like pokemon with base building if you play with the custom mode?

Can you completely turn off the survival stuff or there a minimal level you have to play with? Because I have no interest in survival type games which is why I wrote this off for me once I saw some streams.
How much have you played? You can't automate any crafting, only resource gathering. I'm on my 7th hour in now and the closest you can get is summoning a pal to the work bench to speed up your crafting.
    You can throw a Pal at a workbench to have it permanently assigned to that activity. All you have to do is start the order and the Pal will crank through it until it's done. I slap 30 sets of eggs on the fire on and my Pal assigned to it will take care of the rest. You can do the same for every workstation. You also need to provide them lots of food (not that you really need to with the custom difficulty), bedding and leisure like the hot springs for them to keep doing the assigned tasks. This is the automation of the game and it's part of why more Pals has the base run more efficiently.
        Does the last sentence of the comment you replied to not say that already?

Also, queueing up the crafting recipe is why I've stated it isn't automatic.
            This is a survival game, not Rimworld. You're still expected to manage parts of your base and it's not nearly as much trouble as you're making out.
    Like 6 hours in and I wasn’t talking about crafting but giving your pals a tasks like what you are doing right now. You can totally automate your farm I wasn’t talking about gathering resources or anything like that I wish that would be awesome though.
    I forgot to tell you the pal have different roles around your house you have look at them and see the chores they can do you just did one. You can have 8 out if you have a base don’t forget to feed your pals and give them a nice bedding. There’s like tons of things they can do my mammoth like to wreck rock and trees while he’s out of the ball
        I am aware. Still not Cozy.

Fun tip for you. Those pals with logging? Summon them onto the tree and they'll chop it down for you. Then you go chop down a different one. And no, I don't mean the tree farm crafting recipe.

Same with mining.
            [deleted]
                Who is human trafficking Cozy for, exactly? Does it give you a sense of nostalgia? Is it a warm and comforting feeling? Does kidnapping an npc and selling him off remind you of a simpler time?

I'm all for subjective. But then there is also incorrect.

You want me to be respectful of others opinion? You mean sort of like the opposite of how you aren't being respectful of my opinion. You've attempted to correct it because you disagree. See how that's hypocrisy? Would you correct a religious person into saying "well, it's possible other gods exist but my religion doesn't acknowledge that," or just let them have their opinion on an opinion related website, such as reddit.

You disagree. Cool! But it's my opinion. So the "to me" part is irrelevant. I wasn't speaking for you.
                    That's just stuff people found out you can do and are talking about it/doing it for views. You don't have to kidnap any NPCs or do anything like that lmfao. It's similar to other do-what-you-want games like Minecraft,  Stardew, or Skyrim. Cozy is subjective. Do I think Skyrim is cozy? No. Do many think it is and consider it a cozy game? Yes. 


And they were just saying to add the "to me" as the way you're wording your comments like it's a matter-of-fact. Yes it's your opinion which is fine, and it came from you so you may think it's irrelevant, but being aware of how you write and come off is important here as well. Just blatantly saying "Not cozy" point blank period and doubling down without ever really mentioning it that **you** don't personally find it cozy is the reason they made that comment.
Yeah…

It’s gotten to the point where literally any game can be a cozy game. If I tell people “I like cozy games,” based on this sub, they really wouldn’t have any idea what type of games those are. It can include everything from Skyrim and Monster Hunter on one end to Animal Crossing and Disney Dreamlight Valley on the other.

I get wanting to be inclusive, but at some point it just stops being a useful phrase because it’s so broad. Basically it amounts to “game that makes you feel good,” which can literally be every game. But “game that makes me feel good” isn’t really what I’m trying to express when I use the term “cozy game.” I use it to find people with similar interests in games, if it becomes so diluted that I’m not longer able to find people with similar gaming interests it becomes useless.

Games can be nostalgic, easy, rated E, and comfortable. Games can have *cozy elements*, you can mod games to make them *cozier*, but not everything is a *cozy game.*
[deleted]
    It's not gatekeeping to state a fact that the game isn't cozy, it doesn't stop you enjoying it or playing it.

It's just not categorised as cosy. If anything can be a cozy game there really is no point to even having it a genre classification.
Or you are using the wrong word.
    [deleted]
        Fr lmao like.... cozy is subjective and I'm sure some of the games they consider "cozy" are games others will say are "not cozy"
The syndicate will mandatory raid your base so your not pokemon have to fight 🤣
    So far that’s happened only once and my pals took them out in like one hit 😅 They’re high level from me building stuff and cooking. so it hasn’t been much of an issue!
Good point there I know people feel cozy playing doom so your right I’ll steal that line from you the next time someone tells me it’s not cozy. Thank you 🙏 😊
You can change the settings when you make your world to make it suuuuper easy and relaxing. I have the day length turned way up and pal damage way down so I'm just running around looking for pal dudes!
yeah I haven't try that yet. I might need to tweak the setting more to make it cozy. Any setting you recommend?
    Use everything that benefits you and your pals. One heads up the custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one I still had the pal damage higher so mine will do more damage it’s a double edged sword when you tweak the pal setting. But pal hunger? Turn that all the way down because hunger isn’t going to affect the wild one hope my advice helped
        >custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one

Oh interesting, they should've separate it for sure. Thanks a lot for the headsup will try it later. I'm sure it will help
            No problem and yeah they should separate it but ARK also had the same thing but never changed it. Maybe Palworld will get a creative mode in the future since they talked about creative mode for their other game.
Joe was playing on casual to keep it chill, hes the type to keep things easy as he prefers a casual play style. Still doesnt seem like my idea of a fun/cozy game all that much.
It's definitely a weird thing to get hung up on considering games like Red Dead Redemption 2 entails you to hunt animals that exist in real life as well. Then again I think a lot of the haters are secretly jealous that Palworld is finally doing what a lot of Pokemon players have been begging Nintendo to do for years.
    I don’t know why you got downvoted but I upvoted you but it does seem like 1/3 of this board is with PETA and yeah it does seem like they are jealous of Palworld I mean Pokemon fans on twitter is losing their shit over Palworld and that isn’t going to get better Palworld has 500,000 concurrent players on Steam and probably a million on gamepass alone and it’s still growing this is only the second day. But really Pokemon fans should be glad there’s a Pokemon like game where everyone can play on different platforms I bet it will hit PlayStation too at 1.0 but there’s nothing to gain by being upset about it.
        Thanks although I expected the downvotes for pointing out the obvious. The nature of social media can be a weird one from time to time. 😂
yup. i don’t get how people just throw their money at a company like that.
No they don't, the Palworld CM already said this is a lie and none of the people on Twitter stating it have ever provided proof either.
I almost immediately felt immense guilt upon capturing my first pal
    Why?  Because you clubbed him in the head and healed him and now your pal has Stockholm Syndrome and will fight and die for you 🥰
        I do love the little cat man that helps me build things but at what cost
            😅 You got me here but the cat man is awesome! Shame he’s done injustice in his pal world dex entry 🥹
Actually my laptop uses the same card as your 970 is still a beast if you run medium on most newer games I’ve actually got baldurs gate running 30 fps on that laptop.
    Yeah my poor thing was from 2017ish. 16gb of ram is the saving grace.
        Same here! I hate we can’t upgrade our laptops I’m planning on waiting for an eventful 4050 4060 card before I buy so I can be future proofed for another 8-9 years.
Thanks! Glad you're enjoying it too. I don't really write reviews but I might share some screenshots I took. :)
    Nice go for it bud!
They are actually correct there is a pal that is horny as fffff and is okay with boning humans.

Lovander pal number.....sigh....69

https://www.reddit.com/r/Palworld/comments/197w0yb/what_did_the_palworld_devs_mean_by_this_paldex/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb3x&utm_name=mweb3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
    That’s interesting for sure
Lovander pal number 69


Yes you heard me.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Palworld/comments/197w0yb/what_did_the_palworld_devs_mean_by_this_paldex/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb3x&utm_name=mweb3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
    lol at you being downvoted for sharing accurate information
        It's funny it even has its dex entry in that screenshot saying so.

Also it's a game about enslaving Pokémon to work on a farm, capturing and selling humans. But a horny pal is where they angrily draw the line?
That’s weird, I played for a couple hours and had zero problems seeing anything and I wear bifocals
    Did you change the settings or was it automatic?
        I went with stock.
I think it’s great. I see a lot of potential for it and a lot I’d like to see improvement on (like the UI) but over all I’m impressed for an early access and the price point was reasonable
Thanks for the insight! Will definitely check it out on  Gamepass first to see if it will click.
[deleted]
    Sounds like projection.
Xbox controller (MSI one) on PC - idk why but when you do anything it doesn’t show what to press in the tutorial or in the UI
    Oh then I’m not sure man I wish I could help tho
        That’s cool. Is there any way to make the HUD text bigger?
Ty!!
[deleted]
    [deleted]
Where did I defend Pokémon? lol Just saying that the only things I’ve seen about it are about the designs, not the gameplay.
    [removed]
        Lmao what??? I replied to a comment about seeing stuff about it by saying what I had seen about it. I literally have no opinion. Get a grip.
You aren’t wrong the 3DS was the last great one meaning you can actually catch em all. Now your lucky if your favorite mon makes the cut some of my favorites hasn’t made it in the game like most of my favorite mons were the fossil Pokemon.
It’s such a bummer because S/V have so much promise but it’s clear the developers just weren’t given enough time. Violet was some of the most fun I’ve had playing Pokémon but I felt pretty bombarded by reminders that I paid too much for what I was playing.
    Yeah I almost bought a switch just to play it. Now that I have a steam deck I can play it without giving them money.
not only that, i say if they're going to keep releasing games that they clearly are not putting the same level of care into that they were before then hell yeah let somebody else take over. i loved the original roller coaster tycoon games but i'm still delighted planet coaster exists, same with simcity and cities: skylines. sometimes rip offs are a good thing
    Oh yeah agreed 100%
Are you saying this from experience? Did you play the games?  

 I've not seen a single Glitch in scarlet/violet personally, same for sword/shield. 200+ hours in both. Only seen glitches online from others. Yeah they're poorly optimized and unfinished but they're not a glitch fest.

Legends Arceus has 0 issues in any department.


If you have not played the game please don't bother commenting on this telling me how many glitches there are, unless you've experienced them yourself first hand your opinion is not relevant.
    Violet crashed on me multiple times.

Also they're butt ugly, no excuse for graphics THAT bad, and I'm not even a graphics purist
        See that's a fair comment at least
    No glitches in Arceus for me and the only glitches I had in SV were Tera Raid crashes to the home screen. They've mostly fixed the Tera Raid crashes with those only happening in online modes.
    "not a single glitch"
youre either snorting copium and became delusional or live under a rock with patrick star and don't actually own scarlet or violet.
        Have you played the game? The glitches you see online are not common and most people that complain about the game having a ton of glitches have not played the game.  

>and don't actually own scarlet or violet.

[I still play it to this day](https://i.imgur.com/qlD1z40.png), no glitches. The vast majority of players will not encounter any glitches whatsoever when playing this game. Yes there's a lot to see online but that doesn't mean that they're common. 

Have you experienced many glitches personally?
            The performance issues ARE common. I have experienced them from day one. Everyone I know experiences them. The framerate and texture glitching are widespread. The games released and remain in an inexcusable state.
                I did not say once there are no performance issues. Everyone knows there are framerate issues. I am not talking about framerate issues.

Glitches and performance issues are not the same thing. Please mate read before you comment.
            No theres still glitches in Pokemon violet and scarlet, legit had my character legit yesterday fall through the world, and you gotta remember the release for Violet and scarlet was the most glitchiest, too the point that nintendo **willingly** gave people refunds cause of how buggy and glitchy it was, Arceus on the other hand was not in league to all the other pokemon games
                I did not once say there are no glitches.

I said most people do not experience them. There's definitely still glitches, just most people will never see them.
                    Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
                        Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
Definitely it’s own genre of gaming but people have problems with the designs of the monsters specifically. I don’t particularly care about it either way but there are definitely some designs that are Pokémon in a slightly different font.
I mean it’s not any worse than having a lvl 100 Pokemon obliterating a mountain with Hyper Beam to beat a lvl 1 Pidgey 😂
Considering there are deer that can literally punt you into orbit in Palworld, I wouldn't be feeling terribly sorry for them.
    And yet, I do. 

I know myself enough to know I will not enjoy the game. And the whole thing just seems like a copy paste of different games. They've just made it ultra violent and weird (which is know was purposefully meant to poke at pokemon, that isn't lost on me) but I wish they would've at least put a little more effort into making it feel less plagiarized. 

I don't know what elements people will or will not be made to encounter, but gun toting pokemon that you bludgeon and then force into sweat shop conditions and also kill for food (and apparently potentially do the same with people??), seems like something a lot of people wouldn't find cozy. I've seen people who don't want *any* element of violence for their gaming to be considered cozy, so this one is a bit of a stretch. 

I might also be annoyed because I *know* I will have an influx of 5 year olds talking about the "new pokemon game" that their parents are too lazy to research next week and I'm going to have to squash that shit hard.
        [removed]
            Man, you get out of here with that shit.

Many of the people here looking for cozy games are into cozy games *precisely because* they have stories and mechanics based around being wholesome, calm, "soulfood". You don't get to decide whether *"those people"* are worthy of sharing their opinion or not just because you're offended that they don't find something like Palworld to be charming.
                [removed]
                    They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
                        They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
            Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason:
Divisive and/or rude content
            I think I'm fine right where I am.
It's so rare for people to downvote so much here, it's your opinion and it is fair even though I don't mind, I'm wondering if this is being brigaded.
    It wouldn't surprise me. People get *very* strong opinions about their preferred video games.
Pokemon was originally created and inspired by real animals and things, lol.
My bad I didn’t see it.
I love Josh I don’t know why you got downvoted but I upvoted you.
    Same, thank you. Ppl down vote for anything in this web, its ok.
I’m one of those who haven’t played that game, but I still find it amusing. I’m sure people are gonna make huge complaints about it though.
Haha, back in ASE, I used to put all my points into speed and just dart around the map like the gingerbread man. Too bad they nerfed that in ASA.
    I also did that too you became so fast you can almost walk on water that was when I was playing solo it’s probably a lot more hilarious with people trying to catch you I bet when you respawn you zipped around like sonic 😂
I did not know that that is the biggest difference from PC and console I really didn’t know that but 30+ people that’s amazing 😳
[deleted]
    Yea but I believe it still has limited co-op since it’s a part of xbox? If I’m wrong then by all means I apologize, but I was under the impression it was connected to the Xbox servers.
I think there is a way to get a discount somehow. Getting Xbox gold then upgrading to ultimate or something? I need to look into it
    That’s what I did and got like 3 years from it I forgot the trick behind it.
The marketing feels more applicable to the game's designated bandits/poachers as far as the Pal exploitation stuff goes, with your player freeing Pals from cages and the like as you explore the map. I think the only people who are going to be exploiting Pals are probably the same people you don't want to be around in real life either. And you're welcome\~
    Agreed the people are having the most problems with it only watched the trailer and they didn’t read what I said that made it cozy and it wasn’t guns it was having the Pokemon experience I wanted and rarely interfere when my pal is doing battle and my pal has moves he learns and I can change the moves I don’t even care about the guns. And my pals are almost like family to me they have a nice bedding in the house and they are happy. It kinda shows what a home with Pokemon is like and I got 5 just roaming around my house bringing whatever to my chest it’s sweet. It’s not this violent game people are making it out to be.
Good point but you can be a hero of justice when PvE comes out and just wipe out his operation and liberate the pals joking here but yeah your right luckily I’m a solo player so I won’t see any heinous crimes.
    Again, nothing against the game in general. I just don't think it's "cozy" even if we're being very liberal with that term.
        Gotcha but I noticed people here will say Skyrim is cozy and I’ll have to disagree with that. Heck even people here say Rimworld is cozy and that game is a war crime simulator with organ harvesting to me that isn’t cozy lol but the definition of cozy varies here but it’s interesting to see what people consider cozy I guess.
Yeah exactly you get it! You have to play the game to understand where I’m coming from. Most hater are just going by the game description and miss the real reason why it’s so comfy I copied and pasted this description the people are completely missing it says you can peacefully live with pals but people are so hyper focused on the violent part on the second paragraph.

(ABOUT THIS GAME

Q. What kind of game is this?

A. In this game, you can peacefully live alongside mysterious creatures known as Pals or risk your life to drive off a ruthless poaching syndicate.

Pals can be used to fight, or they can be made to work on farms or factories.
You can even sell them or eat them!)
Honestly, I was feeling the same way as you a few months ago. I was grossed out by the obsession with guns and surviving and didn't see the point. But then I tried it out (I've actively been looking for a good game so that helped) and it was soooo much better than expected. I immediately recommended it to my best friends, they loved it too and we've been playing together for hours now!
I personally love it cause it's hilarious.
    Absolutely! I am pretty impressed with how solid the game is tbh, really enjoying it.
Yeah, the Palworld developers are not the developers who work on or have anything to do with Craftopia or any other projects. That game has nothing to do with Palworld or its development.
    All three of them are developed by PocketPair INC.

Obviously the teams are not filled with the same exact people (literally no one with a brain thinks they are), but it still matters that the company supports and uses AI 'art'.

**Edit:** To be clear, never said people can't play it or whatever. If you don't care that the company develops a game that uses AI 'art' that's fine, but personally for me it's a hard pass on any game they ever release. I specifically said "use AI 'art' in one of their *other* games so *I'll* pass."
        It really doesn't matter. As an illustrator, AI has never had any impact on my work as a professional nor the amount of work or pay I receive from clients. If fan artists on Twitter are upset that their illegal work is being replaced by machines, then my sympathy is non-existent. It shouldn't be a factor in any purchasing decisions, because it's not harming anyone who does honest work for a living.

Edit: Since you blocked me, no "fan artists" are not the same as industrial designers and aren't even in the same job field. Maybe they're hit by the fact that they're easily replaced by a bot, but that's not the case with services provided by professionals. It's a problem that will never impact me because I'm not being hired for "pretty images".
            It's not just fan-artists who are screwed over by AI 'art', but ok, and even if it were that is still disgusting. 

Have a day.

P.S: Fan-artists are just as important and just as much real artists as those that do original art.
Oooh okay I agree with you I hate it when my pets died in harvest moon it made me sad. And if you actually fight unlike what I’m doing making the biggest farm yeah I can’t guarantee if your pal will survive a fight with a legendary or a story villain. I have my settings tweaked so high where me and my pals are very difficult to die but it’s not impossible to die. So from what you are saying I wouldn’t recommend it to you. And I haven’t played pal world long enough to know if my pals will die to age like harvest moon so I’m unsure on that specific one yet. But yeah I won’t recommend it for you. And happy gaming friend enjoy all the other cozy games!! 😊
they dont die, they faint here. You drop them in the box and they are on a 10 minute timer.
    That’s good to know I’ve been avoiding combat for that reason.
        I just watched 3 cats beat up a deer and then turn on my poor cat lmao. Learned they just faint
            Whoa that’s crazy
    Really? In the game description on Steam it definitely said they could die when I read it a few days ago.
Ahhh make sense but pretty shocking too I bet it was a mammorest that laid waste to it .
You can throw a Pal at a workbench to have it permanently assigned to that activity. All you have to do is start the order and the Pal will crank through it until it's done. I slap 30 sets of eggs on the fire on and my Pal assigned to it will take care of the rest. You can do the same for every workstation. You also need to provide them lots of food (not that you really need to with the custom difficulty), bedding and leisure like the hot springs for them to keep doing the assigned tasks. This is the automation of the game and it's part of why more Pals has the base run more efficiently.
    Does the last sentence of the comment you replied to not say that already?

Also, queueing up the crafting recipe is why I've stated it isn't automatic.
        This is a survival game, not Rimworld. You're still expected to manage parts of your base and it's not nearly as much trouble as you're making out.
Like 6 hours in and I wasn’t talking about crafting but giving your pals a tasks like what you are doing right now. You can totally automate your farm I wasn’t talking about gathering resources or anything like that I wish that would be awesome though.
I forgot to tell you the pal have different roles around your house you have look at them and see the chores they can do you just did one. You can have 8 out if you have a base don’t forget to feed your pals and give them a nice bedding. There’s like tons of things they can do my mammoth like to wreck rock and trees while he’s out of the ball
    I am aware. Still not Cozy.

Fun tip for you. Those pals with logging? Summon them onto the tree and they'll chop it down for you. Then you go chop down a different one. And no, I don't mean the tree farm crafting recipe.

Same with mining.
        [deleted]
            Who is human trafficking Cozy for, exactly? Does it give you a sense of nostalgia? Is it a warm and comforting feeling? Does kidnapping an npc and selling him off remind you of a simpler time?

I'm all for subjective. But then there is also incorrect.

You want me to be respectful of others opinion? You mean sort of like the opposite of how you aren't being respectful of my opinion. You've attempted to correct it because you disagree. See how that's hypocrisy? Would you correct a religious person into saying "well, it's possible other gods exist but my religion doesn't acknowledge that," or just let them have their opinion on an opinion related website, such as reddit.

You disagree. Cool! But it's my opinion. So the "to me" part is irrelevant. I wasn't speaking for you.
                That's just stuff people found out you can do and are talking about it/doing it for views. You don't have to kidnap any NPCs or do anything like that lmfao. It's similar to other do-what-you-want games like Minecraft,  Stardew, or Skyrim. Cozy is subjective. Do I think Skyrim is cozy? No. Do many think it is and consider it a cozy game? Yes. 


And they were just saying to add the "to me" as the way you're wording your comments like it's a matter-of-fact. Yes it's your opinion which is fine, and it came from you so you may think it's irrelevant, but being aware of how you write and come off is important here as well. Just blatantly saying "Not cozy" point blank period and doubling down without ever really mentioning it that **you** don't personally find it cozy is the reason they made that comment.
It's not gatekeeping to state a fact that the game isn't cozy, it doesn't stop you enjoying it or playing it.

It's just not categorised as cosy. If anything can be a cozy game there really is no point to even having it a genre classification.
[deleted]
    Fr lmao like.... cozy is subjective and I'm sure some of the games they consider "cozy" are games others will say are "not cozy"
So far that’s happened only once and my pals took them out in like one hit 😅 They’re high level from me building stuff and cooking. so it hasn’t been much of an issue!
Use everything that benefits you and your pals. One heads up the custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one I still had the pal damage higher so mine will do more damage it’s a double edged sword when you tweak the pal setting. But pal hunger? Turn that all the way down because hunger isn’t going to affect the wild one hope my advice helped
    >custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one

Oh interesting, they should've separate it for sure. Thanks a lot for the headsup will try it later. I'm sure it will help
        No problem and yeah they should separate it but ARK also had the same thing but never changed it. Maybe Palworld will get a creative mode in the future since they talked about creative mode for their other game.
I don’t know why you got downvoted but I upvoted you but it does seem like 1/3 of this board is with PETA and yeah it does seem like they are jealous of Palworld I mean Pokemon fans on twitter is losing their shit over Palworld and that isn’t going to get better Palworld has 500,000 concurrent players on Steam and probably a million on gamepass alone and it’s still growing this is only the second day. But really Pokemon fans should be glad there’s a Pokemon like game where everyone can play on different platforms I bet it will hit PlayStation too at 1.0 but there’s nothing to gain by being upset about it.
    Thanks although I expected the downvotes for pointing out the obvious. The nature of social media can be a weird one from time to time. 😂
Why?  Because you clubbed him in the head and healed him and now your pal has Stockholm Syndrome and will fight and die for you 🥰
    I do love the little cat man that helps me build things but at what cost
        😅 You got me here but the cat man is awesome! Shame he’s done injustice in his pal world dex entry 🥹
Yeah my poor thing was from 2017ish. 16gb of ram is the saving grace.
    Same here! I hate we can’t upgrade our laptops I’m planning on waiting for an eventful 4050 4060 card before I buy so I can be future proofed for another 8-9 years.
Nice go for it bud!
That’s interesting for sure
lol at you being downvoted for sharing accurate information
    It's funny it even has its dex entry in that screenshot saying so.

Also it's a game about enslaving Pokémon to work on a farm, capturing and selling humans. But a horny pal is where they angrily draw the line?
Did you change the settings or was it automatic?
    I went with stock.
Sounds like projection.
Oh then I’m not sure man I wish I could help tho
    That’s cool. Is there any way to make the HUD text bigger?
[deleted]
[removed]
    Lmao what??? I replied to a comment about seeing stuff about it by saying what I had seen about it. I literally have no opinion. Get a grip.
Yeah I almost bought a switch just to play it. Now that I have a steam deck I can play it without giving them money.
Oh yeah agreed 100%
Violet crashed on me multiple times.

Also they're butt ugly, no excuse for graphics THAT bad, and I'm not even a graphics purist
    See that's a fair comment at least
No glitches in Arceus for me and the only glitches I had in SV were Tera Raid crashes to the home screen. They've mostly fixed the Tera Raid crashes with those only happening in online modes.
"not a single glitch"
youre either snorting copium and became delusional or live under a rock with patrick star and don't actually own scarlet or violet.
    Have you played the game? The glitches you see online are not common and most people that complain about the game having a ton of glitches have not played the game.  

>and don't actually own scarlet or violet.

[I still play it to this day](https://i.imgur.com/qlD1z40.png), no glitches. The vast majority of players will not encounter any glitches whatsoever when playing this game. Yes there's a lot to see online but that doesn't mean that they're common. 

Have you experienced many glitches personally?
        The performance issues ARE common. I have experienced them from day one. Everyone I know experiences them. The framerate and texture glitching are widespread. The games released and remain in an inexcusable state.
            I did not say once there are no performance issues. Everyone knows there are framerate issues. I am not talking about framerate issues.

Glitches and performance issues are not the same thing. Please mate read before you comment.
        No theres still glitches in Pokemon violet and scarlet, legit had my character legit yesterday fall through the world, and you gotta remember the release for Violet and scarlet was the most glitchiest, too the point that nintendo **willingly** gave people refunds cause of how buggy and glitchy it was, Arceus on the other hand was not in league to all the other pokemon games
            I did not once say there are no glitches.

I said most people do not experience them. There's definitely still glitches, just most people will never see them.
                Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
                    Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
And yet, I do. 

I know myself enough to know I will not enjoy the game. And the whole thing just seems like a copy paste of different games. They've just made it ultra violent and weird (which is know was purposefully meant to poke at pokemon, that isn't lost on me) but I wish they would've at least put a little more effort into making it feel less plagiarized. 

I don't know what elements people will or will not be made to encounter, but gun toting pokemon that you bludgeon and then force into sweat shop conditions and also kill for food (and apparently potentially do the same with people??), seems like something a lot of people wouldn't find cozy. I've seen people who don't want *any* element of violence for their gaming to be considered cozy, so this one is a bit of a stretch. 

I might also be annoyed because I *know* I will have an influx of 5 year olds talking about the "new pokemon game" that their parents are too lazy to research next week and I'm going to have to squash that shit hard.
    [removed]
        Man, you get out of here with that shit.

Many of the people here looking for cozy games are into cozy games *precisely because* they have stories and mechanics based around being wholesome, calm, "soulfood". You don't get to decide whether *"those people"* are worthy of sharing their opinion or not just because you're offended that they don't find something like Palworld to be charming.
            [removed]
                They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
                    They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
        Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason:
Divisive and/or rude content
        I think I'm fine right where I am.
It wouldn't surprise me. People get *very* strong opinions about their preferred video games.
Same, thank you. Ppl down vote for anything in this web, its ok.
I also did that too you became so fast you can almost walk on water that was when I was playing solo it’s probably a lot more hilarious with people trying to catch you I bet when you respawn you zipped around like sonic 😂
Yea but I believe it still has limited co-op since it’s a part of xbox? If I’m wrong then by all means I apologize, but I was under the impression it was connected to the Xbox servers.
That’s what I did and got like 3 years from it I forgot the trick behind it.
Agreed the people are having the most problems with it only watched the trailer and they didn’t read what I said that made it cozy and it wasn’t guns it was having the Pokemon experience I wanted and rarely interfere when my pal is doing battle and my pal has moves he learns and I can change the moves I don’t even care about the guns. And my pals are almost like family to me they have a nice bedding in the house and they are happy. It kinda shows what a home with Pokemon is like and I got 5 just roaming around my house bringing whatever to my chest it’s sweet. It’s not this violent game people are making it out to be.
Again, nothing against the game in general. I just don't think it's "cozy" even if we're being very liberal with that term.
    Gotcha but I noticed people here will say Skyrim is cozy and I’ll have to disagree with that. Heck even people here say Rimworld is cozy and that game is a war crime simulator with organ harvesting to me that isn’t cozy lol but the definition of cozy varies here but it’s interesting to see what people consider cozy I guess.
Absolutely! I am pretty impressed with how solid the game is tbh, really enjoying it.
All three of them are developed by PocketPair INC.

Obviously the teams are not filled with the same exact people (literally no one with a brain thinks they are), but it still matters that the company supports and uses AI 'art'.

**Edit:** To be clear, never said people can't play it or whatever. If you don't care that the company develops a game that uses AI 'art' that's fine, but personally for me it's a hard pass on any game they ever release. I specifically said "use AI 'art' in one of their *other* games so *I'll* pass."
    It really doesn't matter. As an illustrator, AI has never had any impact on my work as a professional nor the amount of work or pay I receive from clients. If fan artists on Twitter are upset that their illegal work is being replaced by machines, then my sympathy is non-existent. It shouldn't be a factor in any purchasing decisions, because it's not harming anyone who does honest work for a living.

Edit: Since you blocked me, no "fan artists" are not the same as industrial designers and aren't even in the same job field. Maybe they're hit by the fact that they're easily replaced by a bot, but that's not the case with services provided by professionals. It's a problem that will never impact me because I'm not being hired for "pretty images".
        It's not just fan-artists who are screwed over by AI 'art', but ok, and even if it were that is still disgusting. 

Have a day.

P.S: Fan-artists are just as important and just as much real artists as those that do original art.
That’s good to know I’ve been avoiding combat for that reason.
    I just watched 3 cats beat up a deer and then turn on my poor cat lmao. Learned they just faint
        Whoa that’s crazy
Really? In the game description on Steam it definitely said they could die when I read it a few days ago.
Does the last sentence of the comment you replied to not say that already?

Also, queueing up the crafting recipe is why I've stated it isn't automatic.
    This is a survival game, not Rimworld. You're still expected to manage parts of your base and it's not nearly as much trouble as you're making out.
I am aware. Still not Cozy.

Fun tip for you. Those pals with logging? Summon them onto the tree and they'll chop it down for you. Then you go chop down a different one. And no, I don't mean the tree farm crafting recipe.

Same with mining.
    [deleted]
        Who is human trafficking Cozy for, exactly? Does it give you a sense of nostalgia? Is it a warm and comforting feeling? Does kidnapping an npc and selling him off remind you of a simpler time?

I'm all for subjective. But then there is also incorrect.

You want me to be respectful of others opinion? You mean sort of like the opposite of how you aren't being respectful of my opinion. You've attempted to correct it because you disagree. See how that's hypocrisy? Would you correct a religious person into saying "well, it's possible other gods exist but my religion doesn't acknowledge that," or just let them have their opinion on an opinion related website, such as reddit.

You disagree. Cool! But it's my opinion. So the "to me" part is irrelevant. I wasn't speaking for you.
            That's just stuff people found out you can do and are talking about it/doing it for views. You don't have to kidnap any NPCs or do anything like that lmfao. It's similar to other do-what-you-want games like Minecraft,  Stardew, or Skyrim. Cozy is subjective. Do I think Skyrim is cozy? No. Do many think it is and consider it a cozy game? Yes. 


And they were just saying to add the "to me" as the way you're wording your comments like it's a matter-of-fact. Yes it's your opinion which is fine, and it came from you so you may think it's irrelevant, but being aware of how you write and come off is important here as well. Just blatantly saying "Not cozy" point blank period and doubling down without ever really mentioning it that **you** don't personally find it cozy is the reason they made that comment.
Fr lmao like.... cozy is subjective and I'm sure some of the games they consider "cozy" are games others will say are "not cozy"
>custom thing for pals apparently affects yours and the wild one

Oh interesting, they should've separate it for sure. Thanks a lot for the headsup will try it later. I'm sure it will help
    No problem and yeah they should separate it but ARK also had the same thing but never changed it. Maybe Palworld will get a creative mode in the future since they talked about creative mode for their other game.
Thanks although I expected the downvotes for pointing out the obvious. The nature of social media can be a weird one from time to time. 😂
I do love the little cat man that helps me build things but at what cost
    😅 You got me here but the cat man is awesome! Shame he’s done injustice in his pal world dex entry 🥹
Same here! I hate we can’t upgrade our laptops I’m planning on waiting for an eventful 4050 4060 card before I buy so I can be future proofed for another 8-9 years.
It's funny it even has its dex entry in that screenshot saying so.

Also it's a game about enslaving Pokémon to work on a farm, capturing and selling humans. But a horny pal is where they angrily draw the line?
I went with stock.
That’s cool. Is there any way to make the HUD text bigger?
Lmao what??? I replied to a comment about seeing stuff about it by saying what I had seen about it. I literally have no opinion. Get a grip.
See that's a fair comment at least
Have you played the game? The glitches you see online are not common and most people that complain about the game having a ton of glitches have not played the game.  

>and don't actually own scarlet or violet.

[I still play it to this day](https://i.imgur.com/qlD1z40.png), no glitches. The vast majority of players will not encounter any glitches whatsoever when playing this game. Yes there's a lot to see online but that doesn't mean that they're common. 

Have you experienced many glitches personally?
    The performance issues ARE common. I have experienced them from day one. Everyone I know experiences them. The framerate and texture glitching are widespread. The games released and remain in an inexcusable state.
        I did not say once there are no performance issues. Everyone knows there are framerate issues. I am not talking about framerate issues.

Glitches and performance issues are not the same thing. Please mate read before you comment.
    No theres still glitches in Pokemon violet and scarlet, legit had my character legit yesterday fall through the world, and you gotta remember the release for Violet and scarlet was the most glitchiest, too the point that nintendo **willingly** gave people refunds cause of how buggy and glitchy it was, Arceus on the other hand was not in league to all the other pokemon games
        I did not once say there are no glitches.

I said most people do not experience them. There's definitely still glitches, just most people will never see them.
            Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
                Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
[removed]
    Man, you get out of here with that shit.

Many of the people here looking for cozy games are into cozy games *precisely because* they have stories and mechanics based around being wholesome, calm, "soulfood". You don't get to decide whether *"those people"* are worthy of sharing their opinion or not just because you're offended that they don't find something like Palworld to be charming.
        [removed]
            They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
                They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
    Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason:
Divisive and/or rude content
    I think I'm fine right where I am.
Gotcha but I noticed people here will say Skyrim is cozy and I’ll have to disagree with that. Heck even people here say Rimworld is cozy and that game is a war crime simulator with organ harvesting to me that isn’t cozy lol but the definition of cozy varies here but it’s interesting to see what people consider cozy I guess.
It really doesn't matter. As an illustrator, AI has never had any impact on my work as a professional nor the amount of work or pay I receive from clients. If fan artists on Twitter are upset that their illegal work is being replaced by machines, then my sympathy is non-existent. It shouldn't be a factor in any purchasing decisions, because it's not harming anyone who does honest work for a living.

Edit: Since you blocked me, no "fan artists" are not the same as industrial designers and aren't even in the same job field. Maybe they're hit by the fact that they're easily replaced by a bot, but that's not the case with services provided by professionals. It's a problem that will never impact me because I'm not being hired for "pretty images".
    It's not just fan-artists who are screwed over by AI 'art', but ok, and even if it were that is still disgusting. 

Have a day.

P.S: Fan-artists are just as important and just as much real artists as those that do original art.
I just watched 3 cats beat up a deer and then turn on my poor cat lmao. Learned they just faint
    Whoa that’s crazy
This is a survival game, not Rimworld. You're still expected to manage parts of your base and it's not nearly as much trouble as you're making out.
[deleted]
    Who is human trafficking Cozy for, exactly? Does it give you a sense of nostalgia? Is it a warm and comforting feeling? Does kidnapping an npc and selling him off remind you of a simpler time?

I'm all for subjective. But then there is also incorrect.

You want me to be respectful of others opinion? You mean sort of like the opposite of how you aren't being respectful of my opinion. You've attempted to correct it because you disagree. See how that's hypocrisy? Would you correct a religious person into saying "well, it's possible other gods exist but my religion doesn't acknowledge that," or just let them have their opinion on an opinion related website, such as reddit.

You disagree. Cool! But it's my opinion. So the "to me" part is irrelevant. I wasn't speaking for you.
        That's just stuff people found out you can do and are talking about it/doing it for views. You don't have to kidnap any NPCs or do anything like that lmfao. It's similar to other do-what-you-want games like Minecraft,  Stardew, or Skyrim. Cozy is subjective. Do I think Skyrim is cozy? No. Do many think it is and consider it a cozy game? Yes. 


And they were just saying to add the "to me" as the way you're wording your comments like it's a matter-of-fact. Yes it's your opinion which is fine, and it came from you so you may think it's irrelevant, but being aware of how you write and come off is important here as well. Just blatantly saying "Not cozy" point blank period and doubling down without ever really mentioning it that **you** don't personally find it cozy is the reason they made that comment.
No problem and yeah they should separate it but ARK also had the same thing but never changed it. Maybe Palworld will get a creative mode in the future since they talked about creative mode for their other game.
😅 You got me here but the cat man is awesome! Shame he’s done injustice in his pal world dex entry 🥹
The performance issues ARE common. I have experienced them from day one. Everyone I know experiences them. The framerate and texture glitching are widespread. The games released and remain in an inexcusable state.
    I did not say once there are no performance issues. Everyone knows there are framerate issues. I am not talking about framerate issues.

Glitches and performance issues are not the same thing. Please mate read before you comment.
No theres still glitches in Pokemon violet and scarlet, legit had my character legit yesterday fall through the world, and you gotta remember the release for Violet and scarlet was the most glitchiest, too the point that nintendo **willingly** gave people refunds cause of how buggy and glitchy it was, Arceus on the other hand was not in league to all the other pokemon games
    I did not once say there are no glitches.

I said most people do not experience them. There's definitely still glitches, just most people will never see them.
        Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
            Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
Man, you get out of here with that shit.

Many of the people here looking for cozy games are into cozy games *precisely because* they have stories and mechanics based around being wholesome, calm, "soulfood". You don't get to decide whether *"those people"* are worthy of sharing their opinion or not just because you're offended that they don't find something like Palworld to be charming.
    [removed]
        They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
            They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
Unfortunately, your post/comment was removed for the following reason:
Divisive and/or rude content
I think I'm fine right where I am.
It's not just fan-artists who are screwed over by AI 'art', but ok, and even if it were that is still disgusting. 

Have a day.

P.S: Fan-artists are just as important and just as much real artists as those that do original art.
Whoa that’s crazy
Who is human trafficking Cozy for, exactly? Does it give you a sense of nostalgia? Is it a warm and comforting feeling? Does kidnapping an npc and selling him off remind you of a simpler time?

I'm all for subjective. But then there is also incorrect.

You want me to be respectful of others opinion? You mean sort of like the opposite of how you aren't being respectful of my opinion. You've attempted to correct it because you disagree. See how that's hypocrisy? Would you correct a religious person into saying "well, it's possible other gods exist but my religion doesn't acknowledge that," or just let them have their opinion on an opinion related website, such as reddit.

You disagree. Cool! But it's my opinion. So the "to me" part is irrelevant. I wasn't speaking for you.
    That's just stuff people found out you can do and are talking about it/doing it for views. You don't have to kidnap any NPCs or do anything like that lmfao. It's similar to other do-what-you-want games like Minecraft,  Stardew, or Skyrim. Cozy is subjective. Do I think Skyrim is cozy? No. Do many think it is and consider it a cozy game? Yes. 


And they were just saying to add the "to me" as the way you're wording your comments like it's a matter-of-fact. Yes it's your opinion which is fine, and it came from you so you may think it's irrelevant, but being aware of how you write and come off is important here as well. Just blatantly saying "Not cozy" point blank period and doubling down without ever really mentioning it that **you** don't personally find it cozy is the reason they made that comment.
I did not say once there are no performance issues. Everyone knows there are framerate issues. I am not talking about framerate issues.

Glitches and performance issues are not the same thing. Please mate read before you comment.
I did not once say there are no glitches.

I said most people do not experience them. There's definitely still glitches, just most people will never see them.
    Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
        Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
[removed]
    They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
        They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
That's just stuff people found out you can do and are talking about it/doing it for views. You don't have to kidnap any NPCs or do anything like that lmfao. It's similar to other do-what-you-want games like Minecraft,  Stardew, or Skyrim. Cozy is subjective. Do I think Skyrim is cozy? No. Do many think it is and consider it a cozy game? Yes. 


And they were just saying to add the "to me" as the way you're wording your comments like it's a matter-of-fact. Yes it's your opinion which is fine, and it came from you so you may think it's irrelevant, but being aware of how you write and come off is important here as well. Just blatantly saying "Not cozy" point blank period and doubling down without ever really mentioning it that **you** don't personally find it cozy is the reason they made that comment.
Explain why all the gameplay videos I've seen feature them, even gameplay videos that aren't about glitches.
    Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
They are all mechanics of the game that you're talking about. I don't think you understand what the word lie means. I already stated that I don't know which of the mechanics people would or would not have to encounter because I won't be playing the game, but the fact that the options are *there* and those are are things that you can do is what I was pointing out. 

I don't know why you've jumped straight into hostility over something as trivial as this, but I assure you it's not going to help your cause.
    They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
Oke so what you're saying is you haven't played the game

Edit: From your other comment it is apparent you are talking about performance issues, like lag, not glitches. Which is not what I was talking about. Please read.
They're mechanics that you're penalised for using, which you would know if you did any research at all into the game. Again, you never have to touch them if you find them objectionable and the game itself will penalise you for using them, so yes, it's a lie to state that mechanics that are treated negatively reflect poorly on the game itself it in fact reflects on the people obsessing over them more than anything else. I guess Team Rocket can't exist, because they stole Slowpokes for their tails? Nor can chaotic evil characters exist in DnD apparently, with that same logic.

I don't have a "cause". I have an objection to people making shit up to virtue signal on the internet over an invented, entirely fictional problem.
