[[Palworld is not a good game. It sold millions]]


Broken animations, stylistically mismatched graphics,  most of which are either bought assets or straight up default Unreal Engine stuff, unoriginal premise, countless bugs, and 94% positive rating on Steam from over 200 000 people.

Why? Because it's fun. That's all that matters. This game feels like one of those "perfect game" ideas a 13 year old would come up with after playing something: "I want Pokémon game but with guns and Pokémon can use guns, and you can also build your own base, and you have skills and you have hunger and get cold and you can play with friends..." and on and on. Can you imagine pitching it to someone? 

My point is, this game perfectly shows that being visually stunning or technically impressive pales in comparison with simply being FUN in its gameplay. The same kind of fun that made Lethal Company recently, which is also "flawed" with issues described above. 

So if your goal is to make a lot of people play your game, stop obsessing over graphics and technical side, stop taking years meticulously hand crafting every asset and script whenever possible and spend more time thinking about how to make your game evoke emotions that will actually make the player want to come back.


My 10yo watched the trailer and said "ah, it's Fornite with Pokèmons. I want to play it".
    Exactly.

Also, I probably should've mentioned in my post that there's absolutely nothing wrong with generating ideas by saying, "It's X, but with/without Y." Coming up with stuff is like one of those alchemy games where you combine elements. When you have a sudden "idea," that's just your brain doing it unconsciously with already existing ones.
        So why is it not a "good" game then?

Most indie games are low quality shite, it doesn't stop them being fun and qualitatively "good".

Just because you and me dont like it it doesn't mean its not good.
            I believe the post is critiquing how many people on this sub approach others' projects due to not being "good" because it has generic assets etc., while these games show that that is a flawed definition
                It's actually insane how many people seem to genuinely think I hated this game because I said how it doesn't fit the conventional "quality" standards in the first paragraph. A little concerning.
                    Junk food isn't healthy. It still tastes good.

I think that's probably a better analogy. Palworld gives the players what they want, and it's been rewarded heavily for doing so.

It's like the entire gaming community is getting cake for the first time in years. Not gonna win an award for originality, creativity, or technical mastery - but the devs openly said they didn't care about any of that. They just wanted to make a game that's fun.
                    It proves your point. It's fascinating.
                    Many many people on reddit lack reading comprehension.
                        Many people on the whole planet lack reading comprehension. Or verbal comprehension, or any kind of comprehension really. Ignorance is incredibly frustrating, and it's everywhere.
                            [removed]
                        The amount of times I've had to simply quote myself in response to random replies makes me think it's not even a lack of reading comprehension, but is just the result of people skimming posts, picking out what they either agree with a lot or disagree with a lot, and immediately plunging into some diatribe that is completely irrelevant to the post because they didn't even really read the post.
                            Another issue is some people seem to take every post as a whine or a complaint, and every reply as an automatic disagreement.
                                Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
                            Hey, I just skimmed this post and was interested in joining your diatribe
                            Oh great, another fucking typical redditor accusing people of not being able to read and thinking they're better than everyone. You're everything that's wrong with the American school system, I bet your parents didn't read to you when you were a kid. Let me guess, you went to a public school and you were one of the smartest kids in your class so you think you're one of the most intelligent people in the country because you never pursued further education and now you work in a dead end job feeling like the smartest person in the room, talking to anyone who'll listen about how Andrew Tate is a genius and Trump is misunderstood. You pick your kids up from school and tell them they're being brainwashed by LGBTQ+ ideology and their friends' parents are all so tired of listening to you babble your nonsense at soccer games, your "real" friends have slowly drifted away from you and you convince yourself that it's because they're all too dumb to understand what you're saying. You're one step away from being a flat earther and your wife is looking for any excuse to divorce you, probably banging the other soccer dads while you're watching red pill videos on YouTube in your spare time. Story as old as time. Fucking Reddit neckbeards telling on themselves. Go outside and touch some grass.
                                10/10 fever dream
                        Reddit actually rates pretty high on this scale compared to the rest of the internet.
                            I'm curious what the levels are across the board, I'd look it up myself but I don't know what terms I'd use
                            that means literally nothing. it's like saying "reddit actually ranks pretty high compared to the asylum for illiterate idiots"
                                Yes that was precisely my point.
                        It has a reaction inducing title. Most users probably didn't even finish reading the first sentence that OP wrote.
                        This is why they say a lot of Americans are illiterate. Yes, they **CAN READ** the words, but they can not comprehend them.  It always has to be literal and double meanings, context clues or metaphors blow right over the head of a lot of people.
                    It’s because you started your post “criticizing” the game. And I’m guessing they didn’t bother to read the rest of your post.
                    Reading hard.
                    ...Because the title would lead people to believe, based on the way you wrote it out, that Palworld is not a good game. What you meant to say was, 'Palworld is not a well-made game'. But when you write 'Palworld is not a Good Game' as the title, and then go on to explain the game is fun and a good experience, the title is still 'Palworld is not a Good Game'. You have written it in a way that asserts that, even though Palworld is Fun and Unique and original, it is still not a good game. Even if that's not what you meant, that's how you wrote it. As concerning as it may be for you to have people coming to you with these claims, they are only doing so because you wrote it in that way.
            I think that of indie titles that reach that million sales threshold, they are far from "low quality shite." Stardew, Spire, Streets of Rogue, Vampire Survivors, Brotato, Gungeon, Death Road, etc.

They're all extremely responsive, visually appealing, clear (mostly) of bugs, etc. Games like "Bottle Recycle Sumulator" (probably real) that are just shovelware made in a week are absolutely low quality and have the lack of sales to show for it.

Just don't think it's a healthy practice to mix the two into a pot as if they're equal.
            Yes, good is quotations because this sub seems to be under the impression that a "good" game is the one that has been worked on for a long time and into which a lot of effort was poured, but this isn't necessarily true.
                Tbf Craftopia was worked on much longer and it was basically the blueprint for much of this game. It's not exactly like Palworld *just* took them a couple of years to create. If you've played both, you'll understand how similar they are.
                    This is very true and is what I've told some friends. I played craftopia quite a bit and it's certainly a blueprint. I can see how they iterated over it. Craftopia also was an iterated version of a previous game they released. It has taken them quite a few years to build this.
                    Its funny because from what I recall, there are still some of the bugs from Craftopia. Or at least "features" from Craftopia. Take for example you can still mostly not use stamina when running by spamming crouch. It doesn't work as well uphill but it works extremely well going mostly straight and of course downhill. This was something I found in Craftopia as well.
                I disagree this game took them 3 years to make and the company almost went bankrupt while making it even if the inspiration for Palworld is too on the nose it does take time and effort to make a game that works.
                    Yes, and the systems in Palworld didn't spring out of nowhere. Palworld is essentially the souped up and refined version of Craftopia, their previous game which is actually still in EA.
                Palworld was initially announced over 3 years ago and is still in early access, not to mention that it's built on the bones of Craftopia (seriously. They're extremely similar) which itself was developed over multiple years.
            This is the buggiest game i've played in over a decade by a huge margin. It is absolutely not typical for indie studios.

Edit: Also, they have a staff of over 50, so not indie anyways.
                What are you on about? Have you ever played Cyberpunk or Starfield?
                    This is much buggier. Albeit this game fully states that it is in alpha so I am more willing to forgive.

I think the 2nd buggiest game i've played lately is KSP2 and it too was in alpha ... likely another 2 years before it is in a playable state.
                        Absolutely not, my playthroughs of both of those games were much buggier than Palworld and I put around 30 hours in each. The development cost of both of those was around 30 times more expensive.
                        I didn't even buy Cyberpunk until after it had been fixed up, but it was still buggier than I have seen from Palworld. I did get Palworld like a week ago, not on release day, so that is a factor, as they have fixed some shit already, but it isn't remotely as buggy as you are stating.
                        > This is much buggier. 

I've played cp77 only after 2.0 and I still disagree. The bugs in palworld doesn't distract you from what it offers, while in cp77 they can get in the way heavily.
                Indie just means it’s self-published by a company that isn’t considered a publisher, no? It doesn’t really have anything to do with team size.
            Game is a buggy mess with lots of lag spikes. I got the corrupted save bug and had to start all over.

The gameplay loop is kinda shallow and I'm already bored of it. So yeah, it was a fun game with a cool premise and I don't regret playing it, but I wouldn't say it's a good game. Some of my friends are still playing it, but most I know have dropped it already.
                So if you said this about literally any AAA game to come out over the last 3 years, it would fit… except for Elden Ring and Cyberpunk 2077 after 2 years is finally a decent game, nothing groundbreaking tho

I think Baldurs Gate 3 isn’t AAA
            To be honest, lots of AAA games look like from 2015, and it's the same shit over and over again. Shitty indie games are at least trying.
                Assassin creed and far cry are two games that come to mind where it’s basically do the same thing over and over agin. Climb this tower take over the out post and reveal more of the map and repeat. Kill some animals get materials make stuff and repeat. Kill small targets to get the big target out and repeat.
                    Yeah the gameplay in AC is very boring to me; the big selling point in them has always been the worldbuilding/setting/storyline. Which means there's quite a few in the series, especially more recently, that I just skipped entirely because the setting and story seemed bland and there's nothing else selling it to me beyond Fall Into Haypiles In Brand New Locations.
            > most indie games

"Experience a slow walk through symbolic lo-fi puzzle rooms. Learn to let go. Find true meaning in a world with no dialogue, only repressed trauma. Winner of the Gender-Nonconforming Electronic Music Composer's Association's (GNEMCA) honorable mention award for minimalistic 2-bit chiptune."

*title is either one random word like "Ergo" or a full sentence like "There are no dead here but our dreams."*
            Op is just sensationalizing for views on a Reddit thread.
    That demographic also hasn't played this exact formula a million times already. That is probably a *slightly* more important factor than "fun" or whatever the other comments say. Kids have a different barometer than jaded oldtimers.
        Yeah. So many new games I see, I can't stop myself of thinking of them, "Oh, this is just like \[critically acclaimed game X\], that is still sitting unplayed in my library".

Some of my favorite games of all Times are still just some of the firsts of a certain genre I encountered with them.
        Another part of this - it addresses what people *actually wanted* from a modern Pokémon release. 

A lot of the criticisms of the last current gen Pokémons? They’re not in here. And Palworld goes in a way that actually does modernize the formula. It *feels* like Pokémon *should* feel in 2024. 

A lot of the sale numbers prob are novelty and virality (and correlate with the player base attrition), but the people who bought it because they like Pokémon? They’ve largely stayed. 

Because Nintendo, for all the things it does well, is painfully slow to innovate on its own formulas (and rightfully so, unfortunately - we all remember the early hate BOTW got from Zelda purists).
    My mate watched it and went "it's ark with pokemon"... I watched it and went "it's [insert automation game here] with pokemon". My other mate went "it's pokemon with guns"...

The game has something fun for everyone, and it integrated well with the rest of the gameplay. It's very smartly done to appeal to a large audience.
    I think this one’s important - not a Palworld fan, but I’ve followed the EA drama with Enshrouded and Nightingale. 

A big chunk of Enshrouded’s middling reviews right at launch centered around the idea that…people expected it to be something it wasn’t. And a big reason for that? The trailers. They painted the game as much more survival oriented than it is (and it’s really got more in common with BOTW than Valheim, and survival mechanics aren’t even the focus of the game). 

Nightingale? Tons of similar criticism - people felt always-online wasn’t communicated to them, that the trailers don’t accurately reflect the experience, that the trailers make it look more finished than it is, etc. 

Palworld? Their marketing is perf. It’s exactly what it looks like it is. Trailers reflect the gameplay experience, and the devs have been up front about the experience, requirements, and the state of the game. 

I’ve seen that a lot over the last year with various games. Teams that just wholesale seem to be selling a different game than what comes out at release - and sales and reviews tank for it. 

Palworld is fun for what it is, just not my thing, but I can’t say the devs didn’t show me what it was before I tried it. 

I feel the whole Pokémon X Fortnite concept is a huge reason for its success (from players and from riding a meme game high, if we’re being honest). It’s the rare meme game that’s actually good. 

But it’s beyond being a flash in the pan. See also Enshrouded’s devs using Early Access how it’s meant to be used vs Nightingale. 

A big reason for the formers success is that it was released in - yes, an EA state - but not one that feels more like an alpha build (contrast criticisms of Nightingale). Palworld did too. They released a completely playable, complete for the dev stage, game, and priced it fairly. 

  Sales are tapering off and it’s having trouble retaining players - which is normal for its early success and how widely talked about it’s been. 

But most of those? Just either don’t resonate with the game (like me) or don’t want to deal with EA jank and may well come back later, apart from people checking out the trend. 

The devs did good focusing on the core gameplay loop and making a game that is, at heart, designed to just be fun. But it’s not *just* that it’s fun - it’s not doing the same things that burned most of us out on EA releases and have drawn industry wide criticism. And that’s also a big part of its success.
    It's more Ark or Rust than Fortnite, but it's with Fortnite looks thanks to Unreal.
        Are you correcting his 10-year old?
            It's important to crush their spirit early
                Fuck that got me lol I just cackled so loud out of nowhere that I think I might have woken my toddler from his nap 😂
                Yeah last thing we want is them developing hopes and dreams

(Then get those crushed by reality. What a nice world)
            Lmao
            Yeah, because that 10-year-old is wrong. No reason not the correct them.
                it's a cartoonish third person game with gunplay, how is that "wrong"?
                    Because you are defending an erroneous oversimplification. Like the previous reply pointed out, it is far more correct to compare the gameplay to Ark or Rust than to Fortnite. To say it is like Fortnite is wrong.
                        No 10 year old gives a fuck if you are technically correct. They see a game with crafting and guns and they are also familiar with fortnite. It's not rocket science to see the connection.

LMAO.
                        i think you are focused more on efficiency of comparison rather than correctness of comparison, and also erroneously calling lesser comparative efficiency/greater comparative distance "wrong". i think you are confused in doing that, because wrongness of comparison requires one thing: that the shared quality is not actually shared. they are shared, so you are wrong to call it wrong.

of course it would be more efficient to compare an apple to a pear and an orange to a lemon, but they're all rosids. but recognizing arguably minute similarities between apples and oranges is not the point here: the point is to recognize similarities between three games in a specific ten-year-old's repertoire in order to excite them into playing one of those games. which the ten-year-old has successfully done. i mean, you're not even denying the similarities are there! you just have a standard that there should be more similarities than made. which is fine, but the original comparison is not at all wrong.
                            Yeah, that's called "wrong" dude
    I watched the trailer and said “what the hell Nintendo smoked to put this out”. Later i learned this is not from them 😂
There's a reason for the old game dev adage, "Gameplay is king."

You don't really need an original concept, most players are more likely to understand a game that borrows heavily from others as it can be described as, "X but with Y".

A good art style or fancy graphics can enhance a game, but when attracting players, its utility is that graphics are the first thing a player notices. You can't always get a good understanding of a game's gameplay through a trailer, but you can certainly see how good it looks, and a part of the brain is prone to misattributing great visual presentation to a great gameplay experience. It's a great marketing tool as much as it enhances the player experience.
    It's also more important for a game to look **recognizable**, than to look great. If you see an ad and then forget what game it was for, that ad does absolutely nothing. If you see a screenshot on social media and go "Oh, those players are playing xyz. I saw an ad for that!", that's effective marketing
        This is very true!
    "X but with Y" is no-joke a great pitch.
        It’s how most games are. They are all inspired and copying from each other and that’s what I love about games. Everything is a riff on another game and you can see the cool outcomes and the overall progression and divergences of game types and styles. It’s really fun to watch as I’ve gotten older.
            That's art in general. People should treat everything as more of a "conversation" and not get so worked up about how close two pieces of entertainment are.
                “There is no such thing as an original idea”
            "Everything is a remix"
            Yep. Starfield is literally Skyrim, Fallot 4, and No Man’s Sky combined. I love Starfield so much! Lol.
        I'm going to make Call of Duty, with mechs. 
- Vince Zampella.


Titanfall was amazing. Titanfall 2 was even better. 
        Bloodborne but with puppets (overly simplifying but you get the idea)

Lies of P was super good.
            Lords of the Fallen = Dark Souls X Blasphemous 

Steelrising = Dark Souls but French 

Enshrouded = Valheim X Breath of the Wild (I’ve legit described it as Legend of Zelda: Fungus of the Valheim)
        "Last of Us but open world" - Days Gone pitch
        Depending on the X and Y.
        Exactly lol
        Pokemon ..but with guns.
            I don''t even know if that is the best way to describe it...

Pokémon, but with modern game play seems more apt.
    One of my fave games of the last year is Vampire Survivors, and the game play of that is just moving around. Still inexplicably fun.
        [deleted]
            yes and people play games way past their release date.
    Genshin Impact was BotW with anime waifus. Look at how much money it made.
        Wait, I thought BotW was BotW with [anime waifus](https://i.redd.it/l48ie3d59mq01.jpg)
            OoowOooo step-Link, what are you doing back there?
    Even if palworld fail , whetever its a good or bad game ,it already opened a **HUGE FLOODGATE** to the monster taming genre that can never be closed again


—-


The most important impact of Palworld to is more about the monster taming genre , and it could end up very similar to the PUBG of Monster Tamers despite the genre having been around longer


PUBG was also a unicorn game that blew up... It effectively created a new popular genre (*battle royale genre*)  But once the idea was out there, suddenly all the AAA companies with enormous resources and talent jumped on the concept, and now it's an insanely popular game genre.


Palworld is just like PUBG ,creating/reviving a new genre and is showing there's room in the monster taming genre for more than just Pokemon. 


Previously many companies would have been afraid to ever touch the genre because of the giant Pokemon was perceived to be, but IMO the genre is now cracked wide open for everyone to take a shot at


People should now be interested in giving other monster taming games a chance.  **Temtem, Cassette Beasts, Yokai Watch, Digimon,** and even all upcoming  new monster taming game should start seeing a rise in popularity


In other words, the Monster Taming genre is an actual genre now,  not just dominated by Pokèmon and nothing else
        I think you are very correct.

I bought pokemon red on the day it was available.  I was a huge nerd, I knew it was huge in Japan, and I was one of the earliest adopters.  I spread the word and got my friends to play.  I never, ever considered playing things like Digimon, because they were just pokemon rip-offs to me.  What on earth could they offer that pokemon didn't offer?

The last pokemon game I bought was Shield.  It sucked.  I dropped it after about 20 hours.  It was just so... lacking.  I didn't care for it at all and was very disappointed.  But, I never asked myself that central question.  What on earth could a non-pokemon game offer me that pokemon didn't offer?  I had become so used to pokemon as the end-all-be-all of monster catchers I never even considered an alternative.  In many ways, I thought I had just grown out of the genre.  I certainly felt that pokemon shield simply wasn't for me, and I realized that future pokemon games would never be for me either.  They sell millions to children.  Why would they care about making a game that catered to adult me?

And now that I've played palworld... you're right.  I know now that I didn't grow out of the genre.  The new pokemon games just suck.  They're awful.  And after reading your post, you're right, I'm wondering what other monster tamer games are out there that might be as fun as palworld.
        Already getting knockoff Palworld ads, like Dragon Monster Hunter Planet or something, wild how clones are just popping up overnight

Obviously they probably have no bones and are malware, but it’s there
            You might be referring to the dragon warrior monster series which is a monster taming game that dates back to 1998. Did many things before pokemon just never became as popular.
                There’s also Monster Hunter Stories - that’s basically Monster Hunter X Pokémon.
        PUBG went the same way like lots of other "innovative" and "stylish" projects, it never expanded outside of its narrow idea. AAA companies didn't need to do much to pick it up and make it better. Plus Pub is full of hackers and they don't care. There is a hardcore base keeping that thing alive.

"Monster taming" is a specific implementation of the "collecting" gameplay , but here with friends. Plus there aren't many streamable, youth friendly implementations that have base building, adventuring etc. Most multiplayer games are either build for competition, have sbmm and other shit that nobody wants. Or are just plain out soft rpg loot skinnerboxes. Palworld does lots of things right other didn't even consider relevant.
    If I like X I'll probably also like this game that's X but Y
> My point is, this game perfectly shows that being visually stunning or technically impressive pales in comparison with simply being FUN in its gameplay.

Disagree with this conclusion.

"Visual fidelity or impressive technical detail aren't the only important variables that makes the game sells well." should be the conclusion.

I'd also say that each of us has some list of popular games we don't play or even dislike. So while certain games may be popular in general, some of us will just disregard it for whatever reason that isn't "just because it's popular"
    Also I’d like to point out that the devs making flashy animations and designs are (usually) not the same devs working on the actual gameplay. You can have both.
"So if your goal is to make a lot of people play your game, stop obsessing over graphics and technical side, stop taking years meticulously hand crafting every asset and script whenever possible and spend more time thinking about how to make your game evoke emotions that will actually make the player want to come back."

This paragraph is just day dreaming preach. Here are the facts. They spent around $7 Million in this project, while having the ground work of previous tittle "Craftopia", which has all the same mechanics. This is significant investment.

Each pal has around 20 animations on initial release. There are polished visual effects on each type of pal attack. So yes, there is "years of meticulously hand crafting every asset and script". This is Japanese company which crunch culture.

Do you believe with just 'thinking about evoking emotions', then you can make a network open world game?
    Yup. It’s not that Palworld is completely unpolished. It’s that they prioritized polish in the right places. The actual combat, reload animations, even just the SFX and draw animation for the bow are all crisp and satisfying. The pals all have distinct animations even for doing work in your base and are expressive and memorable as a result. They prioritized things that made the game memorable and fun and left the jank in places where it wasn’t as important, but they still put in a ton of work on the pieces that make the game feel as good as it does. 
        exactly. They focused on the shit you'll notice. Leave the rest for later
            And by "focus", we mean throwing a significant portion of a $7 million budget at the problem.
        Everytime I hear the word "Jank", I think of Martin Keary's video about Dorico (A musical notation software) and his infamous "Jankman". 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-3wEC6Fj_8
            jankman is still alive and kicking and i don't know how to feel about that

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/tFYkGyaXCw0
                You need to flip the switch to activate the tick box that activates the button! IT'S COVERED IN JANK!!!!! 

His videos have me rolling every time I see them.

"The bars, they stretch, the stretch really high. I tried to open the dialog box but it's covered in gore..."
        I finally got the shotgun and the reloading animation is a nice touch
        How are y'all getting them to fight? I literally throw my pal and it just stands there looking at the enemy while the enemy kicks my ass lol.
            Never had that issue myself but I mostly use pals that have ranged attacks. 
                None of my Pals attack. Range or up close lol. I've un-installed, reinstalled and everything. Xbox and PC. I think I'm just unlucky lol.

If I play with others my teammates even see that my Pals literally just stand there lol.
                    If you press and hold ‘4’ in game you open a wheel with combat stances for your pal. I was in the exact same situation until I realized I had my pals set to ‘passive’ in every situation lol.
                        Mine were still having that issue even with changing the stances 

I found a temporary workaround with some where if you started riding them (if they had that ability) and attacked who you wanted they would usually keep attacking the same Mon but it was never super consistent
                    Has nobody told you that you set your pals aggression? Can’t remember the keybind but there’s a wheel that pops up and you select don’t attack, focus my target, or attack anything.
                        I've done all that one both systems, they still just stand there. Tried all settings, nothing.
        Idk what you people are on with this game.

The actual gameplay is awful- base building, colony management, combat, etc. Shit gets stuck or broken constantly. The animations are good enough to not notice them, as is the rest of the “polish” but then it feels like a polished turd that looks smooth and shiny but completely uninspired aesthetically and feels like ass to actually play. 

I’ve tried SO hard to like this game, I have no clue why it’s gotten this much praise. I feel like all the fans are AAA refugees that have never actually played a good indie game before.
            I play almost exclusively indies.

Palworld’s core gameplay loop of going out, exploring, fighting, and catching stuff is fun. The ancillary loops of base building and management are a mess but that doesn’t get in the way of enjoying the main loop for a lot of people myself included. If you try to play it as a base-building/survival crafting game first and a monster collecting/fighting game second then you’d be bouncing off the worst parts of the game.

There’s no other game out there that provides that kind of experience. Ark tried but is an even worse mess than Palworld despite nearly a decade of time to try to get it right. Arceus is plagued with technical issues and hampered by the hardware it turns on. Those are basically the only two games out there that have anything resembling the main loop of Palworld. 
                That’s the problem though, the base building, survival, open world crap is constantly getting in the way. 

Oh, you’re hungry, go cook. Oh you need to repair/restock go mining because your slaves are too slow.

I don’t disagree with your central thesis of ‘focus on your products stregths’. However this game is ok, and doesn’t go beyond that because it’s badly assembled, the guns and building and management are constantly fighting for my attention, in my experience at least. 

But ultimately: popular and good are not the same thing. When I heard of it I suspected it wasn’t for me, and normally I would have given it a pass, but hearing the hype I thought I should give it a chance. 10 hours in, I still can’t say I get it, but a sale is sale. Why does Pal world manage where others like Megami Tensei fail? Because it hit when people were getting sick of Pokemon, and then something that looks similar but with a couple of tweests comes along, that was enough to give it the initial momentum and then not being utter garbage was all it needed.

Marketing and timing is king. Everything else, including gameplay comes second. Welcome to the market baby!
            I'm basically restating what the other user said to you: it's not a good base building game, and neither is a good combat one. The base is there so you have a point of return for what you did outside. It just do them alltogether well enough to be engaging. With that said:

> I have no clue why it’s gotten this much praise. I feel like all the fans are AAA refugees that have never actually played a good indie game before.

This is actually not far off. It's a gacha game without  actual gacha gates.
    Truth


The man-hours evident in PalWorld can't be replaced with "care"
        There's plenty of care that went into Palworld too, even if it's rough around the edges. Many pals have unique animations for various jobs around base, for example.
    Wait, you mean Palworld isn't a cynical, easily-made cash-grab but years of hard work in an underserved market that is near and dear to the hearts of millions of consumer childhoods?
    This reminds me of a conference I saw about path of exile 2. The guy was talking so much about clothes and what minuscule details they have to show a type.. and im thinking “yes but no one fucking cares” , which his first clue should have been the almost empty theater
        Some people do care about these details. I also think it's great that developers are passionate enough to care about the minor things. It shows that they aren't just going through the motions and delivering a minimum viability product as a finished asset. If I had a video game studio I would want that developer on my team.
            Maybe, but I kinda see a problem when the game devs get excited about a "game they want to code/design" more than a "game they want to play".
                Well that doesn't describe GGG imo.
        That's contradictory to the other commentors point though. These minuscule details are boring to talk about but if you play a game without them you notice it immediately even though you can't describe exactly what's missing. I had the same effect when I saw videos of Suicide Squad. It could be a fun game but it looks really really bad and I can't even explain why. There is something about the details of the textures that looks more like clay than a video game.
            Just look at how many posts there are about how cute some pals are e.g. Chillet/Cattiva/whatever. They have very expressive faces and moods and carefully crafted animations.

Yes, the game is a buggy mess, but it has all this polish in those places. The pals \*do\* feel alive, and its the "little things" like their work animation and facial expressions that really sell that feeling.
            I think this is the absolute key, it's to do with emersion and what that means in terms of the specific game/genre.

Issues with emersion are experienced exactly as you say "..really really bad and I can't even explain why". People don't need to know why something is off, or even what precisely is wrong, it's just a feeling of wrongness.

So I think the real message is a combo of what both you and the OP said - getting the things right (enough) that it helps maintain emersion for the player, and understanding as a dev what is outside the parameters of potentially emersion-breaking for most players, and thus not a core focus.

Pokemon S&V (at least at launch) being a good counter example where weird environments/animations/graphics broke player emersion in a similar type of game.
        That’s because exilecon had multiple events going on at once. You couldn’t go to everything, so people prioritized the more exciting ones.
        People do care about details, but the details they tend to care about are ones that often get skipped over by those sorts of meticulous people in favour of working on shit they *don't* care about.
        You shouldn’t care how it is made as an end user as it is an engineering detail and was probably part of conference with other engineers about how to achieve the same technique (there is a lot of knowledge sharing in engineering and math circles), Not much meant for “normal” gamers to watch or as the audience I guess. Thats why the theater was empty. Should one care about the Fourier Transform on how to make ocean waves in a game? Not if you are a “normal” gamers at least. Know who the audience that is targeted at those technical conferences.
    Yep. They hired 50+ freelancers and animaton lead to take care of pals unique animations. Hard cope from op side.
    they clearly spent time on it but they also clearly spent more time in areas that matter.

a vast majority of assets and system are "good enough" and then they spent alot more time in animations because thats what matters.

also animation, while difficult, is not that hard to animate for once u have a good model and rigging in place. u could prob have a team of a dozen or so people do it over a year or 2. with each person responsible for 15 models or so. which is not that bad of a pace if you consider a professional could prob do it in under 150 hours per model.

also animations often get the spotlight but the logic by which thr animations play is probably also an issue. which is not an animators fault either
    I agree.  The game feels pretty polished for the most part.  It’s not perfect but the devs give me confidence that they are fixing things. A lot of people are acting like the devs spent a few weekends downloading unreal resources and slapped pokemon together with AI.  I love the pals, the world, and I can’t wait to see how they go forward with it.
not even sure how i'm supposed to use this advice, lol "just make fun games" holy shit what a revelation. if only i thought of that first
    I interpret the general idea as "if your gameplay loop sucks, just making it prettier isn't gonna help as much as you hope". I feel the point is less "just make it fun 5head" and more "remember what a game is about as you're going along the process"
        That's not true though. Nikke has terrible gameplay and is extremely successful. There's games with shit art but great gameplay that are successful too, like minecraft. Games with bad art and buggy like PUBG.

  
You don't need art, story, gamplay or anything else specifically to be good. You need one of the aspects to be good enough to carry the rest. Palworld and Minecraft doesn't need a good story. Nikke didn't need gameplay.
            I don't know what nikke is so I can't comment on that, but there's a difference between bad art and simplistic art. Minecraft isn't "bad" looking by any means

Frankly I'm not sure how the rest of your comment could be considered points either agreeing or disagreeing with my stance
                I feel like I missed your point the first time I read it. I was disagreeing that good gameplay is essential for a game to be a success, but I completely agree with your interpretation of "remember what a game is about as you're going along the process". All the good games I can think of double down on what makes them great instead of trying to be everything for everyone.

  
Edit: I don't agree that Minecraft looks good, there's other low-poly games I think look better like Risk of Rain 2. With that said, I can see how that's more of a personal opinion than fact. Not really worth discussing it further.
        I take away the opposite lesson: When this gameplay loop was dressed up as a Minecraft clone with boring characters and animations, no one cared and it reviewed poorly (Craftopia). When this gameplay loop was set in an expansive open world with hundreds of detailed Pokemon-alike animals with unique animations and given some emotional weight, it sold millions and many loved it (Palworld).

The gameplay is really kinda basic here. It's the art and animations and emotional underpinning of fucking around with your morality that carry the whole game IMO.
    and don't forget to "make it good" too, I fking forget that every time
    I mean, once you get out the indi space and look at the mainstream, making a fun game would be a revelation
        I think that's a bit of misnomer. A lot of mainstream games are fun for plenty people but because they are mainstream they also hit the audience who doesn't find it fun. While for indies it's mostly the community that specifically searched them out because they enjoy that particular thing.
    Unfortunately a lot of studios seem to have forgotten this. Nowadays we see a lot of games designed to be monetized but not enjoyed (as a primary goal). It's refreshing to see games like Palworld and Baldurs Gate remind people that good games will sell like hotcakes.
Welcome to the market of games.
    Welcome to gamefreak getting lazy.

Palworld did well because it's a less craptastic version of pokemon.

I think it would be quite eye opening if they let a studio like Capcom run wild with a pokemon licence. It's a good IP woth mediocre developers.
        "Devs are lazy" 

Yeah you're not a gamedev, you're a gamer regurgitating conspiracy theories without any care nor understanding why their games are this way
        Gamefreak is not lazy. Gamefreak is a billion dollar company that is not allowed to take risks anymore and must produce products on set deadlines. Much like FromSoftware, after a certain size you are not allowed to experiment. Your leeway for innovation is limited. Your career is no longer about making art, but about creating a product approved by a board of investors to hit large demographics and maximize profit margins. To call gamefreak lazy shows a massive ignorance of the game development industry.
            The quality of the pokemon games has gone down massively. Its insane that a company with that amount of resources doesnt do shit with said resources. They know they dont have to because people will buy there games anyway.
                They never fully adapted to the change from 2D sprite based games to full 3D modeled games and it shows.
            Lazy in the game design sense. They can't seem to understand what makes a good game anymore. The employees might work hard and they might experiment randomly but they clearly lost the flare for making games. Maybe lazy is a bit inaccurate but it's uninspired.
                That's fair. It can seem uninspired.
            They made Arceus, which was a huge step in the right direction... And then they stepped right back. Billion dollar companies are allowed to have bad management
                Arceus and Scarlett/Violet were being developed at the same time, so they didn't have time to learn anything from Arceus before releasing the next game.
                    That is a fair point. If I had to bet whether gamefreak will actually learn something though, I know where I'd put my money
                A big part of that was testing software on a new platform

https://www.gameinformer.com/2024/02/09/persona-star-ocean-and-final-fantasy-developers-discuss-the-trend-of-remaking-classic
            Even from the perspective of a profit-focused entity, Gamefreak's management is highly reliant on the strength of the Pokémon IP, marketing to a vulnerable demographic, and TPCs other endeavours to cover their relatively subpar decision making.

Gamefreak's plan for the Switch is "just assume it fails" and didn't even bother to prepare for the possibility of it succeeding then scrambled to put a title together by 2019 in order to avoid jeopardising TPC's merchandising. They regularly make the kind of decisions that would sink studios.

You only need look at Disney to see how these kind of decisions with even a slightly older demographic can lose you hundreds of millions of dollars. And make no mistake Gamefreak have left a lot of money on the table over the years due to their managerial ineptitude.

I feel bad for the developers working under them having to work such tight schedules with reduced creative freedom only to cop abuse.
            So weird to bring From Software into this discussion as they made Elden Ring not two years ago.
                Yah I see what the guy is saying, but that’s definitely not an apt comparison lmao
            I disagree that fromsoftware doesn’t experiment anymore. Elden rings open world was a totally new game concept for them. Before that Sekiro is totally different than any other action game I’ve ever played

Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. Big developers can 100% change their development style while remaining successful. Saying otherwise is just an excuse for lazy developers
                > Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. 

Only because the series was under-performing. It was Nintendo's most expensive IP and sales were trending downwards.

Had Zelda consistently been doing 10 million with every entry I very much doubt they'd have felt the need to change it up.

Studios radically changing a series at the peak of it's success seems rare, feel free to throw counter-examples at me though.
            >to hit large demographics and maximize profit margins

Ah, and we have hit the nail on the head. The problem is the studios stagnate and become...\*drumroll\* lazy if there is no competition. 
You do what has worked previously. You recycle mechanics and models. But this only works so long. Competition takes advantage of your failure to innovate.

This might surprise people, but it's possible to do demographic research on creative concepts too.
                Nearly all the profit from Pokemon comes from merchandise. If they wanted to make money, they'd double their dev budget to squeeze out 20% more plushie sales. They focus more on the pokemon they have, and less on making new ones that dilute the recognizability of their trademarked designs.

Just because a rich person/company does something, doesn't mean it's smart
                This is incredibly dismissive of indie games like Temtem, Coromon, Cassette Beasts, Monster Sanctuary, and even non-indie games like Yokai Watch, the Digimon Series, or Shin Megami Tensei. Some of them have been around for years.
        Have you played Legend Arcerus? Thats a good game imho.
Keep in mind switch is less than a modern mobile phone.
        Never gonna happen. You’re *almost* there too. 

See, Pokémon is not just “a good ip” nooooo no no, it’s the most valuable media franchise of ALL TIME. Beating out Hello Kitty, Mickey Mouse and Friends, Winnie the Pooh, Barbie, the entirety of Disney Princesses (counted as a single ip), Star Wars, Marvel Comics, Mario, Shonen Jump, *fucking Lego* and many many other ips including Mario—which was the 8th most valuable media franchise of all time back in 2020.

Game ips don’t make the list, only Nintendo games do, actually only Mario and Pokémon. Not even Fortnite, Call of Duty, Halo, or God of War even come close to scratching that list. 

Nintendo and subsequently GameFreak own the most expensive and lucrative golden goose in human history—and being much smaller companies than other game devs like Microsoft and Sony (who sell more than just games) they don’t have the money or assets to protect Pokémon if they ever gave it up. They would be crushed by the wallets of much MUCH larger companies and lose their grip on their golden goose. 

When I say it’s the most lucrative golden goose in human history, just look at Mickey Mouse and Friend’s ip and Barbie and think about how long both have been around, and how Pokémon’s earnings dwarfed theirs in a fraction of the time. They captured lightning in a bottle and will never ever *ever EVER* give it up. 

Being a billion dollar asset doesn’t make Nintendo powerful, they’re still a small company in comparison to their main competitors Sony and Microsoft, and of course Disney who each will not hesitate to steal Pokémon if they could, because it’s really the only thing on their radar making Nintendo their competitor in the first place. 

And why does GameFreak not just… make a good game? Because they don’t have to, all they have to do to stay successful and competitive it hold onto their golden goose at all costs and let it keep printing free money, through trading cards, merchandise, and television. The games? Well, that’s just a side hustle for them at this point. 

They earned the tops spot of the most valuable media franchise in human history and did it light years faster than anyone else before or after them. They know exactly what they got and will NEVER give up an inch, because they’ll be eaten alive by much bigger companies with much more money and power if they even so much as allow another developer to feature a cameo. 

They don’t want a repeat of how they did Universal Studios dirty by stealing king king and getting actually away with it in court.
        Palworld has more bugs and glitches and still has bad graphics, it's not better than pokemon it just has guns.
Survival games are always going to live in a really weird niche. They have some absurdly following public that will jump on anything that has small potentials.
    I love it when this sub discusses oversaturated genres, and "open world survival crafting" is always the top reply.

Then 5 more games release that same month and rake in 8-9 figures each.
        The *ones you've ever heard of* raked in 8-9 figures. That's only the peak of the iceberg; it's not a sure bet. 
            [deleted]
                Also note that "card battler" has a lower median than "roguelike deckbuilder".

Roguelike deckbuilder has an IRL equivalent and it's one of the classic MTG formats, [Booster Draft](https://www.channelfireball.com/article/Everything-You-Need-to-Know-About-Booster-Draft-MTG-Deep-Dive/47a4817d-3362-48bc-9b29-bbbb86ef5c4a/). Draft is a lot more popular than the constructed MTG formats. I don't get it myself, but it's a good data point.
                A newer data from 2023: [https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/](https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/)
        A lot of them do fail though.
            Love it when I fail with 200k profit l, just like in the simulations
        Reddit in a nutshell.. railing against popular things.
        They're popular because they're popular. That's the extremely unpopular opinion I have about Dark Souls - everything about it screams "super niche game for a small dedicated audience of fans", yet here we are.
        90% of self-proclaimed ~~game developers~~ have never released a game but still give advice based on nothing
            90% of this sub is hobbyists which is completely fine... Some others would do well remembering it tho, not everything in game dev has to end in you making the next GTA V
    That sounds like cope, it does not seem like a small niche liked this game it has mass appeal 

Which is the polar opposite response most people have had to essentially every single triple A game released over the past 4 years, games of mass unappeal 

The most shallow, scripted, unoriginal hundred million dollar pieces of entertainment garbage the public has had the misfortune of encountering. The lack of any acknowledgment/change in AAA industry is baffling, we need more of them to fail, we need an execution
        Niche can still be a lot of players. But would you say for example Moba players and FPS players are the same group?
            Now we're just discussing the definition of the word niche.
Fun = good when it comes to games
    I get what you're saying, and I agree with it in spirit. But I use the terms to refer to different things. 

To me, a good game is both fun and well-made. A bad game is neither.

I enjoyed Palworld (after some heavy modding) but it has SO much potential to be WAY better.
        It’s still early access so it hasn’t failed to deliver on any of that potential.
        "Games" criticism has been hobbled from the outset because we decided to call them... Games.

The first "Interactives" were games. So they were sold, rightly, as "Games".

But the artform has moved on since then. There are a bunch of interactive experiences. But the term "Game", has stuck, so no matter what kind of interactive experience a developer is making, it's saddled with concepts of rules and fun and play, because... because Games have those things. And we've needlessly folded "Interactive" in with "Game".

It's like if the first thing anyone ever painted was a Maze. And so we decided to call paintings "Mazes". And then 10 thousand years later half the world thinks the Mona Lisa sucks because it doesn't have a maze.
            Great point. I usually say something like this when defending Firewatch.

Maybe "engaging" is a better metric than "fun."
                Yeah, that's what I was getting from this thread too.
    So true. This post is pretty stupid. people play games to have fun. If people are having fun, then it's good. Simple as that. Saying it (and lethal company) are not good games is laughable and screams cope. You can have a flawlessly developed game with 0 bugs and beautiful graphics. But if it's not fun, it's a shit game.


(For the pedants, fun = enjoyable)
    Yes and No in my opinion. Books don't have to be fun to be good, movies don't have to be fun to be good, tv shows don't have to be fun to be good, video games are another type of media, and in my personal opinion they don't have to be fun to be good.
        I kind of agree. the video game SOMA was never fun by any measure, even compared to other horror games with better movement/mechanics/flow, but its amazing nonetheless because the graphics and mechanics are okay enough and the story is mind blowing
            I think people often forget that fun is just a subset of "engaging" but for some reason most people like to talk about fun games rather than engaging games. The Witness, Soma, Eve Online, and Tarkov are not fun but they are an incredibly engaging experience for people that like those things.  


Also I think some people use fun to include the enjoyment they get out of playing the games I listed as well so I don't think we need to read too much into it. It's just a word people like to use and it is inaccurate.
                EVE is a great mention in this context. It *can* be fun--I had a few incredibly fun experiences in EVE back when I still played it--but most of your time with that game will most likely not be spent having fun. You're engaged, rapt even, you're very emotionally and intellectually invested in goings on and it takes a great deal of awareness and attention just to go most places in that galaxy let alone do anything there. But it's mostly "downtime" or travelling between the places where you do things, or downtime within the things that you do, and for the most part while not docked up somewhere you're hoping very much something "interesting" *doesn't happen* unless you're specifically out in a combat ship looking for a fight. There's a lot to like or even love about EVE, but "fun" in a way almost anyone would use the word wasn't very common in my own experience with the game even when I was still enjoying myself playing it.
        Imho you're missing the point here. I have a lot of fun with bleak and dark Games, movies and books.

It's fun to me since I enjoy these. A definition of fun is very subjective. 

I hate Football games for example. Not fun to me. Make it become a parody with killing and fantasy and it becomes fun to me (blood Bowl)

Apparently a Pokemon game in Open world with a lot of other weird stuff in the mix is fun to a Lot of people.
            I think maybe "engaging" is a better term. Like, I didn't have *fun* reading 'The Road', but I was absolutely **engaged** throughout, and consider it one of my favourite books.
            "fun" is inherently tied with happiness, or joy, but art isn't inherently any of those. At the end of the day art is just a way for us to think about the real world in abstract ways, and that doesn't always mean fun
        I think this is a different discussion entirely than what you replied to. Fun = good but good does not necessarily have to be "fun", because it can be interesting, thought provoking, emotional etc. So a case of not all rectangles are squares but all squares are rectangles.

If something is fun you can say that it is good! And you can analyze why it's fun in a critical review. In the case of Palworld there's a pretty ingenious web of features going on under the hood that work together to improve all aspects of the game.
        Fun is very subjective. However, any book/movie/video game has to be, in its own way, interesting to be read/watched/played.
        My standard for good game is basically fun.
            I just think that's a very silly stance. Many people here and online will shout about how video games are and artform. But then also hold the stance they can only be fun dopamine machines and nothing else. It's a strange example, but could a video game equivalent of Schinler's list exist? A emotionally painful game that educates the player on the atrocities of history. Where the player finishes the game and is moved by what they just experienced, or a game that encapsulates that mood or feeling. I think reducing games as a whole to only being fun to have any worth is silly.
                Of course it can. This War of Mine. Fun game. See?
        Everyone's so afraid of coming off as a snob, they're training themselves to disregard their own taste. No, you do not have to like something just because it's popular. If someone is interested in making a good product that sells well, that can be distilled down to market research and data analysis. If someone wants your input on whether a game is "good" or not, they're probably genuinely interested in your artistic perspective.
    Exactly. I still don't understand how people judged how good games are based on circumstantial stuff.
        Because people like u/NightestOfTheOwls want to be pretentious gatekeepers of the industry.
            Or because this sub always harps on about bugged releases, and never understands why studios release buggy games.
            Lmao the post is doing the opposite of gatekeeping. It's saying exactly what you're saying, Redditors really do not have reading comprehension.
    Nah, it's like stupid fun movies like Sharknado. No one would say Sharknado is a good movie but a fun one.
        The movie set out to entertain. It knows its "bad". If you were entertained then its a good bad movie.
    You are having fun wrong!
Gam dev here. There are tons of good ideas out there. However 99% of them don’t even get to the playable stage before peoples passion for it dies lol
I have the same feeling when I'm playing Shadows of doubt far from the most technically advanced game but with its procedural generation and deep interconnecting storylines of those in the city I can easily lose hours in it without even realizing
    To be fair though Shadows Of Doubt has much much deeper gameplay systems than Palworld, emphasising player choice and immersion. The dev clearly chose to emphasise that over visual fidelity.
        If you kept up with the devlogs of Shadows of Doubt it's however evident that they put *a lot* of effort into the graphics, and it looks great. Just not into highly detailed assets, but most of all lighting and color, which are imperative in setting the mood of the game

There is definitely more jank in the game mechanically than there is to its visual approach.
    this game isnt cheap looking, do you know how time consuming creating voxel art is? palworld definitely looks cheap though.
    i was just thinking about booting this back up, it's been a while for me. such an intriguing design but in practice felt like it still needed some time. it was probably like a year ago that i last played iirc.

edit: it came out in april, so not a year but i must have played around when it came out.... so i should probably try again lol
        I owned it for about three weeks now and there's already been one patch no idea what else they have worked on otherwise they added a hotel since launch according to YouTube videos I've watched
    idk, seeing the same 5 quests generate makes the world feel dead
    God, Shadows of Doubt is so good. I want it to succeed so badly because it's just a well of opportunity. It somewhat falls apart when you're pulled out and made aware that this is procedurally generated in ways that makes it feel more random than interesting and when stumbling over unfinished parts of the gameplay, but these are fixable, even if they will take a lot of work.
I think you are playing up the bugs and issues a bit tbh. Coming from playing other survival games like ARK Palworld felt decently polished. You had normal early access issues but the reason it was so fun was because the game was very well executed. Most of the core gameplay loop would surprise players with how well it worked and was honestly not very janky compared to many other games in the genre.

All this is to say the technical aspects are still very important. You do need to make sure your core systems work well and are designed in a way where you won't run into major issues down the line and have to redesign.

Palworld has also done an amazing job of building in failsafes which I do not see talked about. There have a been a few times where I have glitched through the map and thought I would lose all my stuff like I would have in ARK. However when the player reaches the bottom of the world they are automatically teleported back to their base. Stuff like this is the difference between someone putting down your game for good and brushing off an annoying bug.
I will say that the actual mainline Pokemon games are even worse at the asset clash problems that palworld, take legend of Arceus for example, the whole game just feels like it's using several different art styles at once,  the human characters use a cell shaded anime style, but the pokemon themselves have more """"""realistic""""" materials that often just end up looking like plastic, the trees have a more cartoonish, style to them, almost like something you would download off a unity asset pack called "studio ghibli trees", but the rest of the environments look like a very early Xbox 360 attempt at realism, the whole game feels like it can't decide on a artstyle.
    And Arceus is by far the best that modern gamefreak has done
        Arceus is was SUCH a breath of fresh air
I really don't understand the shitting on bought assets. What in the world is the point of selling assets if it's not for someone to use them? It's the exact opposite of plagiarism. Legally licensed content for use in a game is perfectly okay. I'm not going to have a meltdown because someone used the Roland hammered dulcimer synthesizer sound in a song and moan about it being a "bought asset."

Overuse certainly can be tiring, kind of like how the Mac-10 was the most common weapon used by criminals in 80s tv shows and movies, but that's a whole other thing.

I get the whole, "it's low effort," stance, but it's a ton of work to make 3D games and if canned animations and assets can help a person or company make their game and it's crazy fun, I don't give a damn. If anything, I find there's something pretty hilarious about janky games like Only Up, Lethal Company, or Palworld, and I'm all for some weirdness and jank in my games.

But I'm a "boomer" and I remember trying to learn how to make 3D games back in the stone ages of 3D gaming and creating movement animations was an incredible trial. Thank god there are so many options for would-be devs these days!!!
    Op doesn't realise how much store bought assets can exist in AA and AAA titles.
could rephrase like this:   
what I thought defines a good game is misaligned with what millions of gamers think.
    He used " " to indicate he didn't mean it literally.
        you could read my comment as complimentary to the original
    some people underestimate how popular sandbox game is...
    Or, we can stop defining "good game" by what sells.  Feel like any reasonable gamer should know this by now.

Call of Duty is the top selling game most years its out, and no one would probably qualify is as "Good game".
        Really? When MW2 came out recently I had good fun with it. Yes it has a lot of elememts the are bad (monetization) but in general I don't really think most CoDs are BAD games, the market is just oversaturated with them.

MW3 was pretty damn lazy though.
        millions qualify it as a good game, more than any other
        Good luck with this line of reasoning. I tried to explain to Reddit that Skyrim is a "bad game" in the sense that's it's poorly designed and I got downvoted to death.  


The truth is that even gamers that have been around since forever don't really care about how well designed a game is. They just want to enjoy it. For some people that's Marvel movies, Skyrim, and Call of Duty. Hell, I do enjoy things sometimes that let me turn off my brain I just wish we could stop pretending things are good simply because they are popular.
            For literally 12 years people have been telling me Skyrim is a bad game. What I've come to learn is that lots of very vocal gamers refuse to recognize their own opinions and insist on labeling games as objectively good or objectively bad.

[¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯](https://xkcd.com/359/)
    a hard pill to swallow for some. Look at Lethal Company it looks like trash, but is a blast to play with friends
        I don't think it looks like trash at all. It has a low-poly horror aesthetic that it executes very well.
            Not low poly necessarily but low res. Everything looks blurry because the game is rendered at under 720p and then upscaled, so it does look “bad”, but the stylization turns that into its aesthetic while also being very performant.
                Yeah, it's a great creative choice. I think it looks awesome. 

To me, a coherent, unique, interesting art design is more important than graphical fidelity. The goal is something that evokes a specific feeling, and it achieves that in spades.
You should have also added "NO LOOTBOXES".
    No battlepass, no subscription. Well, not so far least.
Bug can be fixed, a boring game will be a boring game forever.
Let's not also forget that it took an idea that people have wanted for decades, being an open world Pokémon game, and gave it life beyond a Nintendo Kindle. It's unfinished, jank, and gets a lot of people upset, but it's what an audience wanted in the first place.

Also if you look into the history of how the game was made, it's almost comical how this even was released.

They just bought buckets of flash drives because they couldn't do version control and dumped each day's work onto one.
    It’s not even what I wanted from an open world Pokemon game. They took the TWO last remaining good qualities of Pokémon (high end battling and good character design) and removed them, then tacked on an uninspired survival game loop.

It’s like a monkeys paw wish.
> countless bugs

It was less buggy than most releases nowadays, even some from AAA studios.
    Also serious bugs = no fun

e.g. Cyberpunk 2077
    I personally thought it was less buggy than the last Pokemon game, Scarlet and Violet.
    You can brick the server by leaving a guild while the guildmaster is offline. And a crashed server cannot be simply restarted. If you do so it will create a new world and delete all progress. You have to make a backup, start the server, make a new world, save, then paste over the server and restart.

This is EASILY the buggiest release in ages.
        Fair. I only played single player, where there were fairly few bugs.
        > This is EASILY the buggiest release in ages.

"Janky dedicated servers with broken/missing auto-save and recovery" is not even approaching "buggiest early access game launch".

Fwiw I have absolutely just killed the server process, though I do actually save, and I've never had it fully reset. (100% believe that happened though)
        The same world-deleting bug would also happen just by catching too many pals

Edit: Wait a minute, I know you
            Nah, they patched that within the first month of release. They have made a clear effort to crunch critical bugs like these, which I think just goes to show how on point this dev team has been.

Yall acting like BG3's early access release wasn't literally 6x worse.
        Multi-player only I've had almost zero glitches on solo play except falling through the earth a few times which I've literally done in AAA games like cod or apex sooo eh fuck them for not perfecting the multi-player aspect on a early release?
    > It was less buggy than most releases nowadays, even some from AAA studios.

"Most games" are not that bad.  I would trust any big budget studio game over an early access title, 7 days a week.
If your only definition of success is massive popular appeal, then yes, you must make games like Palworld in order to be successful.
    What other definition of success is there?  If you made a game you were proud of, but no one bought it, is that a success? 

Its only a success if it sells well, why would any other metric matter?  Cant feed my family with a great game that is niche and appeals to 100 people.
        Do you think only pop music is successful?
            Other music makes money so no, do i think its the most successful?  Yes.  Because only money made determines success. 

How is that not obvious
        >why would any other metric matter?

Was Demon's Souls/Dark Souls worse games with worse ideas when they were still niche games? Was Fear and Hunger a worse game when it had only been played by hundreds of people for years?

It's a success when you are satisfied with what you made and it accomplished what you set out to do. If you set out to "make money" then yes, sales is the only thing that matters, but creators of all kinds have different motivations for creating. Telling stories, crafting experiences, sharing perspectives, entertaining... And when those motivations succeed they create the things that drives people to create in the first place. When "make money" succeeds where 80% of the designing process is done with market research it creates Palworld or live service grindathons. No one has to tell you how to live your life, but you probably shouldn't assume that it's the only way for anyone to live theirs.
            Demon souls and dark souls made money, so success.

Were they the most successful games?  No.  If they lost money, there wouldnt have been sequels.

So again, only money determined their success.  Who cares if the money came later.

Was Tommy Wiseau a success making The Room?  No, not until it became a cult classic years later and made money.  The guy even says so himself.
One big thing I see that people miss regarding this pokemon with guns(which is just ark with pokemon). Isn't just that it's fun, it's fun for the individual player. Pretty much any other online tailored survival game necessitates other people(ark you don't get shit done solo, changing the game rules just makes everything feel wrong because the game literally wasn't designed to play that way) , whereas palworld is fun and engaging to play by  yourself, which frees people to just engage with it, rather than fuss about grindy bs that covers the survival crafting genre.
TBH, After having played it for a while I don't even think it's that "fun" , once you hit 40 the grind becomes really tedious, there's not really a lot to explore and the combat is very basic

It is really only fun compared to the very basic pokemon games
    Some friends randomly sent me a request for it. I downloaded it and jumped on. Played it for about 8 hours straight with them and had a lot of fun. But I haven't really cared to go back to it after that. Maybe I'll jump back on in a year or two, though.
    Wow, so it's fun for 40 hours?! Sounds like an incredible deal for $30 bucks, especially since it's still very early access and will undoubtedly have tons of additional improvements and more content moving forward toward release.
        They meant level 40, but I’ve got about 40 hours in and I’m only level 37, so probably about the same time. I agree though. Even if I stopped now, game’s been more than worth for me
        While you aren't wrong, it does feel weird that someone isn't inspired to go back to it.  They may not even see those random updates.
            imo if someone gets 40 hours from a game (even at $60) then they've already gotten their moneys worth. The idea that every game should have thousands of hours of gameplay with practically unlimited content is why the industry is getting obliterated right now trying to convert everything into a GaaS model. To expect that from a small developer with a sub $10 million dollar game is especially ludicrous coming from a gamedev forum.
                I agree with you for most games but with this genre in particular games are supposed to be super replayable. There’s not a whole lot of depth to the game and the grind becomes unbearable like the dude said. It’s early access so I don’t think it’s that big of a deal right now, but it does need some more meat to it’s core gameplay.
    One of the things that bugs me the most about Palworld is everyone trying to come up with complicated answers about why it's so popular.

It's so popular because it intentionally takes other popular games, files the serial numbers off, and packages them together.

It's not magic or clever. It's them making Dollar General Pokemon and a bunch of people thinking that sounds fun.
        This. It's that simple. To some of us, Palworld sales may feel like watching millions of grandmas buy a bootleg DVD copy of Ratatöing instead of Ratatouille at the thrift store... but to the poor gamers, they are so tragically starved for fun that Pokemon Fortnite Ratatöing is the best meal they've eaten in 20 years. God bless them 🙏
    You can fight the legendaries catch them, beat the tower bosses and basically gotta catch em all?
        exactly and every boss can kited , every legendary can be kited, dodge shoot repeat, just be within the acceptable level range for it to not be too grindy.  
It is achievement hunter: the game, I don't think it's bad, but I also don't think it is unique and better from other similar games
            Or you can be locked in a small room with a tower boss with 200,000 hp, and you've only got 300 shots of a weapon that deals 50 damage per hit... The "story" bosses are bullet sponges, catch rates get disgustingly low, and the material cost of better spheres and ammo gets disgustingly high. It's all doable with strong pals, but this game is still in early access for a reason
                [deleted]
                I weirdly found the tower bosses to be the most enjoyable. It gave a reason for building better stuff and come prepared. It frames progression much better than "catch more stuff", by wandering to the next fast travel point. Having to balance pulling out your pals and recalling them to regenerate, while also being a DPS check was kind of fun, even if the boss AI was rudimentary and easy to deal with.

It kind of made me feel like that what the game was missing for me was the story progression of a pokemon game.
            Bugs/glitches aside the game does have a fun gameplay loop and that is all that matters for 30 bucks I was able to get more than 50 hrs of fun.
            And the progression also just isn't very well thought out. 

They give you flying way too early and it completely invalidates all other mounts. Like as soon as I got a saddle for my deer, I caught a flying mount and crafted its saddle.

So now all the fun and challenge of navigating the terrain is gone. The grappling hook is useless. No point in even making the saddles for water pals.
                The Fengelope ground mount is way better than most flying mounts until way later in the game
    Yeah watching streams it just didn't look very good. Extremely shallow game play loop and shit graphics. The world seemed empty and dead, and I love Pokemon. 

Not for me.
        For me personally, the entire point of what makes Pokemon enjoyable is the tone: it's a lovely happy little world where people and weird magical monsters live together side-by-side in harmony. It's a romanticized, idealized world. It holds up a mirror to the IRL shithole that we live in, and shows something that could be better. It's a series interwoven with hopes and dreams for a better world.  There's this underlying philosophy that governs the Pokemon games, and it shows through in the interactions with NPCs, the world design, the game design. 

Throwing guns and slave labor and factory style survival crafting into that recipe just... Feels like taking a nice bowl of Fruit Loops and shitting into it. I just can't bring myself to try a taste, knowing in advance I won't like it. I say this as someone who likes both edgy grimdark stuff, and cutesy wholesome stuff. There's good ways to mix the two together, and tons of games that have succeeded at doing exactly that ("Cult of the Lamb" is the most recent first of many which comes to mind) but... Palworld just isn't to my taste, I guess.
    Ah yeah once you hit the endgame the 30$ game isn't fun, how awful.

edit: /s, thought that was extremely obvious.
        Yeah how dare they release and early access game without having the full endgame content ready.
I tried it last night for the first time. Started around 8:30, told myself I’d try for an hour, looked at the clock and it was 1:30am. 

What is the definition for a “good” game? Sure it may use generic assets or mechanics, but they’re done in a new way. 

I was actually impressed with the crispness of the graphics, the world and character/pal models are pretty clean, even if they’re “cartoony” for the environment. 

It may not be perfect, but it’s fun and enjoyable. So I’d say it’s at least “good.”
It probably helps random games like Palworld or Lethal Company that the current game market, especially AAA, is so oversaturated with any game  but fun games, which are far enough between that they evoke such a strong reaction when people find them that they often chain onto others who do the same.
Totally agree. I always remind myself: 'The audience decides what's good / fun and what's not, not you.' As designers and developers we just have to keep our eyes open, and look for what makes our target audience tick, and make our best estimated guess to what they actually care about and want in a game.  


I wouldn't flat out say that graphical fidelity doesn't matter though, again, it depends on your audience.
The game wouldnt be even remotely successful (and probably fun) as it is now if they wouldnt have the “pokemon aspect” of the game in it. 

3d open world with pokemons was demanded for ages by pokemon fans and never delivered by the pokemon company. 

Now someone else made what was demanded (3d open world with “pokemons”) and its obvious success.
    The game wouldn't be fun without its core gameplay aspect of Pals?  Who knew?
        It's not just that it's a mechanic of interacting with NPCs that you can recruit. It's specifically because they're knock-off Pokemon, which is significant. It's rare to be successful on the back of just being a knock off of popular things with a slight twist; look at all the attempts to make a Sims clone.
            Basically. It's the visual aesthetic of the pals. Switch that out with anything else, and it would not be nearly as popular.
                [deleted]
                    PalWorld sold what Ark: Survival Evolved sold in less than a week. Ark is popular, but it's also kind of niche. You're proving my point for me. 

Everyone calls Palworld "Pokémon with guns," but "Ark with Pokémon" is a much better description. The only differences that I see other than the art style is taming is much easier, you can tame everything (in ark certain creatures could not be tamed like bosses and cave creatures) and the job system is more fleshed out.

Not being a buggy shit show also helps. From what I've seen, Palworld released with fewer bugs in early access than Ark had when they released the remaster.
                        you cant catch tower bosses
        If they were just random animals or creatures, instead of very obvious Pokemon style tropes, no.  Even if all the other gameplay aspects were the same.
            I wouldn't care at all if they were directly ripping Pokemon aesthetics, but honestly it feels pretty distinct from both show, sprite and 3d Pokemon games. It's a lot more more "generic animu creature friends" than Pokemon visually, though conceptually it's absolutely working with the same super basic blueprint of "thing + element + ask a 6 year old to draw it"
    Indeed, Nintendo's years of low effort Pokemon cashgrab farming finally caught up to them and lead to Palworld's success. Took way too long to happen, but it was inevitable. Funny part (or sad, depending on how you look at it) is that it got one upped by another low effort game lol.
        It didn't really catch up to them. Their games are still really popular. They sell tons of copies.

Maybe you could say it did if they take a big hit for their next version, but this far it's actually worked really well for them.
            the last one took a hit
                Took a hit? Scarlet/Violet have sold 23.2 million copies, that makes them the fourth best selling generation of Pokemon games ever and at the rate it's selling it will likely become second or third best selling ever before the next games come out.
    Scarlet and Violet is literally exactly that, it’s a 3D open world game. It just looks and runs like ass on the Switch.
        And the story is ass, and there are too many cutscenes, and they keep cramming every game full of hollow "legendary" and event pokemon, and there's always some half-baked gimmick, and they keep forgetting that maybe some players want postgame content.

Pokemon Infinite Fusion shows how much more polish could go into pokemon, if they cared to reconsider their gameplay direction decisions
    Was that not literally Arceus a couple years ago? It was fairly well received too iirc
        Comparatively you can't do much in the "open" world of Arceus. It's very static/instanced. I think the crafting and loving in the world elements as a lot of what people were looking for.
    yeah like i dont get how people love first person shooter....just remove the guns and its so boring amarite ?
    That's because open world survival crafting games aren't ***fun.*** They're homework. Chores. 

There's not a goddamn soul that could look me straight in the eyes and tell me spending 10 minutes punching rocks is fun.
        I don’t know if it’s fun, but it’s very zen-like. I enjoy the gathering aspect of games.
        If you're punching more than one or two rocks, you're doing it wrong. The whole point is to climb a tech ladder
    but we also have another "pokemon aspect" games which not as successful as Palworld.
I have seen very few bugs at all
I would argue if a major studio released this, like Ubisoft, Microsoft etc, we wouldn't be having this conversation.  It would've been laughed off the planet for being an Ark clone with bad graphics, bad gameplay loops, shit animations, etc.

I'm enjoying it, but let's face it, they're getting a ton of leeway other games wouldn't get because of who they aren't.
>So if your goal is to make a lot of people play your game, stop obsessing over graphics and technical side, stop taking years meticulously hand crafting every asset and script whenever possible and spend more time thinking about how to make your game evoke emotions that will actually make the player want to come back.

My only counterargument is Hellblade, made with a similar budget. It didn't receive the same type of commercial success as Palworld, but it still was successful.

I wouldn't even call Hellblade fun. It was tedious. But it was beautiful. The success it received was because of meticulous detail and storytelling. 

This is not to say that Hellblade is better than Palworld. It's kind of an apples-to-oranges comparison. I just think that both are viable approaches.
I am old enough to remember professional photographers outrage when digital cameras became a thing for the broad public and random people without any formal training or qualification suddenly "posed competition and dumped prices". 

One thing that became painfully obvious throughout said debate was that you can take a technically perfect photograph, do everything right, textbook brilliant - and still some other photograph that does half of it wrong turns out so much "better".
    Back in highschool my photography class we were visited by a famous photographer and his most popular photograph and the one that won the most money had a rainbow sunray/glare perfectly placed.  He hated it.  He damaged his camera lens and water had caused mould to grow on the glass.  His best work was fluke and had nothing to do with his skills as a photographer.
But it's fun. That literally qualifies it as a good game.
    I honestly made this thread because I see so many people who spend literal years working on an insanely technically complicated idea that's simply not interesting, then release it, get near 0 players and go here to wail about how cruel gamedev market is and how it's 100% luck. Fun is king. More people need to realize it.
        I get what you are saying but gamedev market can still be cruel and luck based. What I mean is that games can be fun and not successful at the same time too and that is true for a lot of games. Finding the fun for the correct audience is difficult too.
        Absolutely.
The entire industry hinges on "make a fun prototype". It's that easy, and also that hard. Finding the fun is literally the only problem, some understand this but many get lost in the weeds of everything else. All AAA can do is throw money at the problem, if they can't find the fun it's moot.


Make prototypes, people. The sooner you have a "thing" you can hand to someone and get feedback, the better. And if 90% end up in the trash, that's why you prototype. It's finding and making luck as much as fun: the right idea, at the right time, in the right hands. "The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world." -GMan
I think you're confusing technical skill with concept appeal, charm, and marketing.
i feel that "good" means "fun" since the main reason for gaming is having fun.

so it is a good game.

nothing else matters.
People are super starved for a good Pokemon game. If gamefreak (And Enix, with DWM) weren't screwing up royally, Palworld wouldn't have sold a tenth of what it has
The only problem I have had was breeding (pals getting hungry and leaving the pen) and I fixed it by adding feeders inside the breeding pens. Otherwise I haven't ran into a single issue and even that was fixed with a patch.

Yes to some the game is completely broken or even unplayable (probably like 5%), deleted save files early on and stuff like that... The game was still way more playable than Cyberpunk was and I still enjoyed Cyberpunk and played it at launch (I just had to restart it every 2 hours). You just hear about a lot of issues thanks to the game having a ton of active players.

The gameplay loop is enjoyable and the concept of the game is ridiculous making it even more fun. It doesn't even need guns to sell well, if they just sold a 1 to 1 copy of the newer Pokemon games a ton of people that have pcs don't have switches to play the Pokemon games on (or dont know or want to bother with emulators) obviously there is a huge untapped market of people who might like or actually like Pokemon who can't play the games because of the walled garden

OFC the guns had a huge part in advertising the game, because I saw a Steam start up promotion for Palworld and just didn't care... Couple days later I start seeing videos and hearing about this Pokemon with guns blowing up, couple minutes later I have the game and played it way too much that week, in a few days I caught up and surpassed other people who were playing since launch.
If your goal when making a game is to keep people addicted to it or to buy things, you don’t wanna make a video game
Besides being fun for a lot of people, there was also an insane saturation from streamers, youtubers, etc. because of the concept, that combined with a low price caused a huge initial spike. 

It has sold ~12mill copies on Steam, and had 2mill concurrent players on there two weeks ago which shattered previous records, it is ~750k this weekend. In another few months it will still be a big game,  but not as popular as it was or even is.
They listed the game as early access because of the glitches and bugs. I dunno about your claim of default Unreal assets being used. Haven't seen any evidence for or against it.

I think some of the reason for the difference in Pal designs from the environment (they're more toony) is because they were designed with the original environment, which also looked more toony. At some point their direction changed and they went for a more realistic environment. I saw an article about this a few days ago. I'll see if I can find it again
    >  I dunno about your claim of default Unreal assets being used.


Because who the fuck cares?  If it’s some default texture for a rock, default trees or even default chests… that doesn’t impact the gameplay. 

I care more about stuff like depresso having specific mining animations, etc.
        It's hilarious how much he hates everything but hes the best worker on the team lol
Id argue that the art actually benefits the game immensely. The environment and props stand in stark contrast to the point of the game, the pals themselves. Art style is just a form of communication, and they use it very effectively to slam in the point that this is a pokemon game.
It’s just a rinse and repeat type of game. It got boring after one or two days. Nothing really to do with
    People saw a glitch filled bugfest with bad graphics in pokemon and decided that a different glitches filled bugfest with bad graphics was better because it's $50 cheaper and has guns

There's no big marketing mystery or lesson to be learned here.
I just hate the survival crafting loop. Personally can’t imagine much more boring gameplay than punching trees just to get a slightly better weapon then doing it 100x more times for the next. Wish I could get myself to make one though, as they often blow up for the weejs following release
    Is it just survivorship bias or are gamedevs the type of people to dislike those types of games?
        Survival-crafting games are generally very systems-heavy with little to no story or narrative guidance (often being quite the opposite - procedurally generated and ambiguous.) You give the player a world full of systems and just let it run.

In my experience, most modern game designers are very narrative-focused to the point some I've known just come off to me as wannabe writers. A lot of emphasis on set-pieces and "experiences".

Of course, both systems and experiences are important in game design with one or the other taking the spotlight depending on the genre, but in my opinion the average professional game designer's skillset is extremely lopsided toward the latter.

While there are many reasons for this, I think a simple one is that a narrative-driven portfolio or presentation is significantly more compelling than a systems-driven one. It's easy (and exciting) to convey a story or contained experience within a 15-30 second clip or presentation, it's hard (and boring) to demonstrate that you can design technically sophisticated and balanced game systems. Most design portfolios I've seen look more like art portfolios.
            This is an insightful comment, I agree a lot of indie game devs seem to have an intense focus on narratives but it's just one portion of the community, for every narrative focused game you have a "baba is you" or "Slice and Dice"
                The Baba-type devs tend to hang out in other communities though, like the thinky games discord. This community is kind of a warzone, with more experienced devs constantly yelling at newcomers that math is, indeed, important
        I will die on the hill that they're a fundamentally "lowest common denominator" core loop.

It's tricky to unpack without sounding pejorative, but if you look at gameplay loops as incentive structures: there's no easier way to create emergent pressure than giving players food and shelter requirements.

The hunter/gatherer/crafting mechanic is straightforward, evocative, and feels intuitive because it works just like basic human survival. But it's also, to use an extremely loaded term, a lazy mechanic.

You can very quickly and efficiently create engagement by dropping a player in a world with large *volume* of interactable objects, and giving them spinning plates in the form of survival meters.

It takes hours to punch enough rocks to craft a pickaxe, just so you can punch shinier rocks marginally more effectively. But you *feel* like you're making progress, even though the loop is (by design) heavily repetitious, if not outright tedious.

I'm generalizing here, but these kinds of incremental advancement structures toward arbitrary systemic goals are very similar to the serotonin-flooding tactics that mobile games use in their flashy, shiny onramps. 

By the time you realize that the survival loop is a mile wide and a puddle deep, you've already invested hours into the gameworld and thus feel a personal investment in the game. 

That's not to say that there aren't TONS of survival games that put their own spin on things, and iterate on these concepts in interesting ways! But it is, at its heart, a very easy core loop to build. There's a reason that the Early Access category on Steam is *flooded* with these kinds of games.

Putting aside the ethical issues of blatantly cribbing Zelda and Pokemon aesthetics (really, you capture pals with *spheres*?) Palworld could succeed on its budget by using extremely cost-efficient survival mechanics. I'm reading the tea leaves a bit, but it seems they reserved a large chunk of dev budget for the Pals and the lategame economy built around them—which is apparently the novel part of the game that actually has uniquely articulated mechanics. 

Using a "lowest common denominator" strategy here let them dangle the shiny object of Pokemon-with-guns, while standing on the shoulders of a tried-and-true loop. It's just the easiest way to generate hours of engagement with a fundamentally cheap and easily replicable design.

You could make the argument that this is a fairly elitist line of reasoning—I think that's the whole point of this thread. What's fun is fun, even if it's recycled ideas. I think it was the right *strategic* decision for a (somewhat) limited indie studio to focus their resources in the right places. It's not a game I would ever want to make, though.

TL;DR - Survival mechanics let you generate a ton of content from a small portion of your development budget, even if very little of it treads new ground.
            Well call me elitist but you summarized my experience with survival craft games pretty well too. I just don't like them for keeping progression behind hours of repetitive, mostly busywork grinding by dangling a shinier carrot in the form of slightly faster grinding.
            But... But it takes less than a minute or two to permanently obsolete the food **and** shelter requirements. Survival games (The ones that don't immediately flop) are never about survival; they're about **progression**. They're all about the feeling of moving up in the world when you get that new furnace to make better metal for a sharper tool. That's why Palworld has four kinds of axe; even though you're done manually chopping trees before you reach the second. It's about trivializing what was once troublesome, so you tangibly feel the progress you've made.

> It takes hours to punch enough rocks to craft a pickaxe

I hope everybody understands this is a vast exaggeration. You're complaining about survival games *with pacing issues*; not survival games in general. The average decent Minecraft modpack, for example, typically has you managing the logistics of an automated facility - usually within the first twenty minutes.

I think the closest comparison is the much-studied power fantasy. Only instead of giving the player the feeling of *power* that they lack in real life, a good survival game gives players a feeling of *progression* that they lack in real life. You start a session building copper pipes to bring water to your greenhouse, and end the session building microchips for your hydroponics bay. Contrast this to other genres, where you start the session shooting zombies, and end the session shooting zombies
                Came here to make this point. 

It’s not about the mechanics or even the survival. It’s about the progression. 

All games have that sense of progression, if they work well. 

The games in the genre that fall flat? They tend to not have that. They just have the core loop and that’s that. 

Take the farming/life sims too. Even the ones playing it straight (like Farming Sim) have the sense of progression and growing player agency. You get bigger equipment and can harvest more and make numbers go up. 

Is that lazy? Maybe. But all good games do it. They need it. 

The early successes in the genre (Minecraft, Ark, etc) can get away with more of the “mine shiny rock to make better pickax to mine shinier rock,” progression because they innovated in other ways. 

And so too is the state now. Enshrouded innovates on the formula by plopping that system down in (basically) Breath of the Wild. 

But that’s the real takeaway - yeah, on the production side, we may know that the core loop is simplistic, but it doesn’t make it not work for players. 

It gives a sense of progression to moment-to-moment gameplay. It puts players in that feedback loop of engagement. 

Good design is about keeping players around moment to moment - and playing the long game. The best games do both. 

Palworld does it by having creature variety and the open world to explore. Even if it focuses around the moment to moment of craft grind.
    Well you catch pals and put them to work. So the loop is do it yourself for a bit. Then make Pals do it. So then just catch pals and breed them to do better things. Then it is about catching as many as you can. Then breeding the rest. 

The tree cutting is like maybe the first hour. Then you just make pals cut trees while you go explore and catch pals.
    I think thats partly why this game is a bit more palatable to a wider audience than something like ark. There are definitely some slower parts for materials/progression, but generally you can get the pals to do 90% of the grind work for you while you fuck around and battle stuff.
    You can complete the game without personally punching a single tree, you just catch a pokemon and have it build a base
    I think one of the reason why people like  palworld is because you can just leave the grinding stuff to the pals

You catch pals then they work on your base grinding, while Yo go out there exploring and fighting
    Most games don't require you to punch trees all the time? It's about exploration and progression. And being able to mess around a shared world with your friends. It's a rare genre that accepts an arbitrary number of players who can hop on and off whenever they want. It's also not competitive, so anyone from a sweaty COD player to a mobile gamer can enjoy it together.
A "good" game is an enjoyable game by definition.

The lesson to be learned here is that having a good idea to build off of is so much more important than the finite details.

An idea isn't going to get you anywhere if you can't implement it, but let's all stop pretending that ideas have no value.
    I don't think enjoyable is the definition of a good game. There are plenty of enjoyable games which are not good and plenty of good games which are not enjoyable. Enjoyable is a subjective metric, good is an objective metric.
    Games are run by ideas(unless it's a triple A). I don't understand how someone can think they don't have value.
The difference between them and most dev Is that they shipped It. That's it
I think it is a combination of things that results in it's popularity.

1. This sort of open world survival game is quite a popular type of game right now. While we had hundreds of survival games, Valheim made that work in a very nice way. Now, obviously, there have been quite some time since Valheim, so it is a good time to release somewhat similar games, but with different premises. Enshrouded is cashing in on this as well.
2. It is a pokemon game that was never made. Pretty sure people told the owners of Pokemon franchise what they want for years, decades even and here it is. People will take it.
3. Somewhat silly premise of 'this cute childhood thing, but with guns'.
4. Addictive game design properties.
5. I think the result is better than a sum of it's parts. As you say 'Because it's fun. That's all that matters'. All the other stuff is irrelevant.
6. Modern titles somewhat focusing on being serious games makes way for a silly game.
7. Maybe 30$ for an Early Access game would have been ridiculous some years back, but all the increases in pricing, start of limiting important features to different editions, live service, microtransactions etc. Well that makes way for a game that just has a pricetag and no more bullshit attached (yet?).

Should it be as popular as it is even with all these considerations? Maybe not.
Sometimes, an intriguing premise, executed well enough, is all that's required.  There was definitely a lot of luck involved too, judging by articles about the company.  And nintendo really screwed up with the gigantic pokemon fan base.  Also, their budget was around $7 million.  That probably helped.
    Yeah I don't think the quality of the gameplay is really the main factor here. It had to have *decent* gameplay, but most of the game's success comes down to its unique situation of knocking off a big franchise and doing it better/more interesting and viral marketing.
more palworld cope
That being said... It's not like it's ugly.

It IS visually striking. The landscapes are incredibly well designed and ridiculously gorgeous and well thought out. I know I'll get murdered for making the comparison but I think the level design is on par with the overworld for BOTW.

For a game about building bases they really gave a lot of GradeA options with amazing views.
    Quite a bit of the world design is inspired by Elden Ring as well.
Dude, exactly. Game devs on here (and in general I feel) seem to have forgotten that games are *supposed* to be fun. It was never about technicality or graphics. If that was the case video games would have never even taken off. Games in the olden days only had squares and lines. These were the only "graphics" at the time. And yet, people played them and enjoyed them. You should see the shitstorm that is X (previously Twitter) when that game was released. They were bashing it as a horrible and terrible game that is the spawn of Satan (all hail Satan). They didn't understand that people liked it because it was *fun*. Fun. It's just fun. Like what's so hard to understand? It's stupid and fun. Game devs became delusional, man. Just make a fun game for fuck's sake.
    Nobody cares if you spent 3 months optimizing your planet generation algorithm if there's nothing to do on those empty planets

That was an actual encounter with one of the devs on discord btw
        Like damn, dude. The guy worked for 3 damn months just to get that response. Just goes to show that people can be and will be mean on the world wide web whatever you do.
            Granted it’s a mean thing they needed to hear if their goal is to make a successful game.
    >  Games in the olden days only had squares and lines. 

It's almost like technical accomplishments are relative lol.
> Why? Because it's fun. That's all that matters. 

No. It "piggybacked" on the biggest pop-cultural brand in the history of humanity. It essentially outsourced its marketing to the Pokemon Company, whether they liked it or not.
    Haven't hundreds of other games piggybacked on pokemon only to never gain traction at this point?
        Somewhat. The other games worked hard to distance themselves from Pokemon itself, had much much smaller budgets/teams, and basically no marketing at all. Also I don't know of a single one that was 3D.
    They saw a market demand (open world with pokemon and guns) that nobody filled in, not even Nintendo. They did. Success.
        Unless they get sued. Japanese courts are pretty strict.
    That attitude is why Pokémon hasn't been good since black/white 2
>"I want Pokémon game but with guns and Pokémon can use guns, and you can also build your own base, and you have skills and you have hunger and get cold and you can play with friends..."

Sounds fun and GF should do it with Pokemon decades ago.
After Zelda botw, we wanted a similar pokemon..

Palwolrd is the nearest thing..
It is an attempt of what Pokemon games should have been.
I wouldn't say it's just about being fun. Anyone who sees the trailer instantly knows what it is and if they will enjoy it because mashing together a couple of the biggest games ever. Some games you do have to play to get or to know if you'll enjoy it but Palworld can skip that step with a lot of players
I haven't played it but I think the Action Man video on it illustrates well why it is popular (and I'd go so far as to say it sounds like you could make a strong case that it IS a 'good game')


- surprising levels of polish in movement and gameplay elements (I know there's a counter point to this that there's some jank HOWEVER)


- the jank is charming because it's surrounded by love


- seems like they aren't afraid to go wierd, like I read a pal description that they were used in public execution.  I LOVE when 'friendly' looking games have these sudden tone shifts.  I think this is one of the main pillars of strength of the medium of video games.  No other genre does this quite the same way.  
Some things you said are false.
Yes, a lot of big budget games now think it's fun but it's not... look at Starfield
I will say there's an extra layer here, which is Palworld targeted a part of the market/playerbase which was frustrated with the state of games that were being released. Pokemon fans WANT a game where they can let their pets out of the ball and interact with them / have them engage with the world around them. Hang out with them. Among other things.

Art is a big eye catcher, but what gets people to stay is the fun. They emulated the Pokemon style really well. Of all the things pokemon has done over the years, the 2D concepting and art, has always been top tier, so I wouldn't discredit good art, but I do believe the goal for game development should be the Fun. Thats what gets people to stay
Gameplay will always win over anything else.
Imagine if game companies started with a game idea based on the gameplay concept

Fuckin weird I know
That you didn't like a lot aspects of a game doesn't make it a bad Game.
I think Palworld is a good lesson on stopping to obsess over minute details, that the player won't notice or care about. It has helped me a bit.
I love this game (even though I never played it) exactly for the reason you laid out in the second paragraph. If you pitched this you'd be a total jackass in the eyes of everyone, and the mere fact that such "unrefined" gamery exists probably has every lawyer at Nintendo salivating like rabid animals. It's a great counter-culture piece, kind of like an artist painting a simple red square and ending up in museum next to million dollar pieces.
There are tons of fun games that don’t sell millions. Being ‘fun’ is honesty the minimum bar to clear, and also, imo, not necessarily connected to sales success. Palworld’s success is a result of their good market positioning and marketing more than anything else, imo. People have wanted something like it for ages, it fit neatly into an under severed niche that’s been begging for a game like this and then managed to stay  trending for almost two weeks due to the controversy that surrounded it. Also being on game pass is huge.
> *Why? Because it's fun. That's all that matters.*

Ding ding ding. Game has plenty of issues, but you put up with the issues because it's fun to play regardless.
I've never cared about graphics and have tried my hardest to understand why there are some people that are so hard-up about them. I get it, they can be cool at times - but isn't the whole point to enjoy the game you're playing? I think a vast majority of people have gotten so caught up in graphics that they forget what the purpose of most games are, to have fun. An escape from reality (usually). Cool graphics are just that, cool - but they won't make an unfun game fun.
Personally idont care about anything other than gameplay and palworld did amazing gameplay loop so I think that's why
[deleted]
    The core gameplay loop is "making progression by doing simple chore plus collection".

The game does not reward for creativity or planning (base building and automation is simple), nor skills (combat is just you or your pal spamming bullets).

So you're not wrong, it's "mobile game fun" but that's why it's successful like other mobile games.
It is janky as fuck and I don’t even like any of the games its borrowing from and I played it for two hours and was like: “this is some good shit.”
Yea it being a blast to play, is what makes it a good game that's the point of games fun not graphics not even original thought just fun gameplay
I mean some guy in the 70's convinced people to buy a bet rock and made millions off of it.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pet\_Rock](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pet_Rock)

Is palworld a good game? Maybe -- it could also just be a pop culture fad. People like to play what everyone else is playing because it's the popular or 'cool' thing to do.

If we're being sincere, then we have to acknowledge that people do things not because something is 'good' but simply because it's popular. There is a distinction here that not all popular things are good.
So first devs cried because Baldur's Gate 3 was too much work and unachievable.

Now Palworld is under fire for being not good enough?

Maybe make games that people enjoy and stop crying about it when others achieve what you haven't achieved (yet).
Fun = Fun
Its not just fun, it has an interesting premise that enticed millions.

The parallels to pokemon at a time thag franchise is being mishandled helps as well.
Game devs are high on their own farts.
Honestly as someone who loves how deranged SMT games are palworld jumped the shark for me I don't want to commit warcrimes against cute pals
I love Pokemon. But Pokemon is a shit game. It sold millions. Palworld is the best "Pokemon" game ever made. OFC it sold millions.
being fun is not the reason the game is wildly successful
I wish Bethesda would listen. They did the opposite of your suggestion and they wonder why starfield is tanking. 

Game looks great but the game play is awful. Played it once and never need a redo. They tried to say it's like space Skyrim. Not Skyrim if I only played it once lol.

>Because it's fun

The entire point of a game is to be fun. Therefore, it is a good game.
I got my very first chance to watch and play it for about an hour today. Did anything in particular blow me away? Nope, but it’s a solid start for their project. It conveys everything that players have come to love about Pokémon in a fresh way and that’s more than enough for now. My thought throughout was that it is great that this project is giving Nintendo competition in a lucrative market/gamespace.
Youre saying good =/ fun?

Bro tried to make his post eye catching and paid for it in semantics
And then you have games like Cuphead or Blasphemous, which also sold very very well, and 90% of their initial appeal is amazing graphics. And many would argue if those games are more fun than all those other platformers.

So you see, graphics can also sell games, not "just" fun.

"Pokemons with guns multiplayer survival game" - this idea sells the game.  
"A platformer with old-Disney-like graphics" - this idea also sells the game.  


I would argue that it's not "fun" sells games, but more like amazing "Unique Selling Points" sell games. And those can be amazing graphics too, and not ONLY "fun factor".  


Also, there are many MORE fun games than Palworld out there, but they did not sell 20 million copies because of it. They sold like 1 million. Fun factor by itself is not the one and only factor that caused global Palworld mania. Probably "pokemon with guns" idea is, let's not kid ourselves that plagiarising pokemon is not a factor. It probably is the most important factor in all this craziness.
I mean... I don't know if it's necessary to specify in a subreddit about game design that you have to focus on the game design.

*insert "for the better, right?" meme*
I disagree. Saying all of gaming should be like Palworld is dismissing tons of beloved games for no reason.

Example: Alan Wake 2 is very arthouse, you either love it or hate it. The people who love it never praise it's gameplay, they actually say it's lame. But the graphics, story, atmosphere, and music make it 10/10 for those people - all the things you say don't matter. A really devoted fanbase for over a decade and still wanting more.
There are thousands of games like that out there and millions of people enjoying them.

The vast majority of gamers actually hasn't played Palworld and they have no interest in ever playing it, a lot of them might think it's terrible! You can confirm this by adding up all other games and compare the numbers to Palworld. Palworld loses big time here. That doesn't mean Palworld is bad. It means that there are many different flavours of games out there and people will play whatever they enjoy. No one is forcing anybody to continue playing every new CoD last time I checked, they do it because they want to.

Just enjoy whatever you want to play and let others enjoy what they want to play. Simple.
Tropes work well with a "keep it simple, stupid" coding mentality 👌🏻
Y'all crazy af
Taking two things and cramming them together is peak millenial creativity.

Peak millenial, Ritalin and Adderall influenced,  "creativity".
The game sucks but might be good for young kids who ok haven't played games with good gameplay / lack points of reference
"Why?" Because it was a meme, and appealed to all ages, along with adult nostalgia with pokemon lol
The game is not even done yet. Mabe the game will improve.
If you need something from the other end Anthem is the perfect example of the opposite. Stunning graphics, very large world, not very fun gameplay.
Can it be true the other way around if the game is boring or lacking game play but has amazing graphics or original unique design and story? I'm thinking novel graphic games.
No shit. Palword isn't the first nor the last game that isn't "technically" triple-AAA but is just absurdly fun and so does well.
“Straight up default Unreal Engine stuff” tells me you’ve never used Unreal Engine.
    wow we got an armchair unreal dev here my bro
    Almost default third person character settings, the motion blur, the eye adaptation and those UI loading spinners and I've only been playing for an hour. Pretty sure there's more.
        It does not matter as you have mentioned the consumer does not give a crap if its using default setting, stolen assets etc. as long as the game is fun to play.
            Yes, that's literally the point I'm making in op. They don't give a damn. They don't know how a spinner looks in unreal engine. Only a dev would even notice it. Literally does not matter if you decide to use it instead of making your own stuff.
                I once saw a Twitter thread with gamedevs making fun of some AA game that was using the "Mixamo walk" for some animations. Even as a beginner gamedev I had no fucking idea what "Mixamo walk" was, and honestly didn't give a fuck when I looked it up.

As long as it looks good and not out of place in the game, I don't care if you spent a shitton of money for a mocap studio to do it, or if you took hours meticulously animating it by hand on Blender, or if you just took some stock animation in a library. *It's just a fucking character walking*.
                    Wait until you hear about the guys who think using bought assets in your game is cheating and unfair. Talk about a vocal minority.
        Loading spinners? Yeah right.
I played it for a few minutes and thought “ah so it’s Pokémon + Legend of Zelda. Which is essentially the on paper description of the dream game every child has fantasized about since 1990.

I couldn’t NOT try it.
    It's Pokemon + 'that other game you really loved'.

For some that game is Breath of the Wild, for others it's Ark, Conan, RimWorld, Genshin, Fortnite, Dwarf Fortress, RimWorld etc.

A lot of people overlook how many games they managed to ~~rip off~~ creatively combine into something where the whole is bigger than the sum of its part.
I saw this as a well targeted competitor/not competitor. For **years** game freak has been stagnant with their releases with seemingly fewer innovations each release. Palworld 100% capitalized on that and gave people what they wanted and been asking for. Yeah it's,  janky, repetitive, and has a lot of room to grow but like others and you said perfectly it's **fun** now and it's the worst it'll be **and doesn't try to price gouge with an unfinished product**. I think those general combinations of factors lead to its insane success. 

Separately, as a dev,  I've heard rumors Niantic, Pokémon international and by extension game freak intentionally do not hire fan boys to develop their product specially to reduce/prevent developer push back. Idk if true but certainly would fit as a big reason why it's been stagnant for so long.
Also minecraft falls into similar category of not being visually stunning, nor impressive tech but the fun factor is there, most gamers would prefer fun over amazing graphics or impressive tech, those are mearly a plus :)
    Imo minecraft does have impressive tech and good visuals
Idk man, I still don't want to support this game because it looks lazy and like the devs didn't give a shit. There's a difference between graphics that have less work put into them but have artistic style and graphics that are just the cheapest option available. The borderline plagiarism also sets a bad precedent.
I don't like the game but I like that they kicked Nintendo's asses as much as an indie-dev could.
    Yeah, just a regular indie with a 7 million dollar budget.
        I think any studio under 25 people these days is called indie. I'd say 5 is the max I'd call indie though.

In any case, palworld has ~50 people.

https://www.pocketpair.jp/palworld/palworld-credit
            When you saw Dave the diver got nominated as indie game, "indie game" lost its meaning long ago.
        They started with very few people and managed to self-fund their 2nd Steam game with profits from the first one. They were successful at scaling up, but it doesn't get much more indie than that.
        That is literally an indie tier budget.
Minecraft proved graphics don't matter one bit to a game's popularity quite a while back.
    Well yes they do matter... a lot. Let's not underestimate graphics. Even Minecraft had a unique art style and visual feel when it was released
    But Minecraft does look good
If you look at the studio's history, you can absolutely tell that it's a re-hash from their previous game, Craftopia (a game that feels "early access" as fuck). Both Craftopia and Palworld have that "mile wide, inch deep" feel to it, there are tons of mechanics and content content (most of it seems inconsistent, as if developed independently or straight up bought), and yet, there is no game experience in either, the games play like an unpolished alpha version (I'd say Craftopia is a bit more developed... obviously), the tutorial is *barebones*, the bugs, the UI...

I get why they are successful, social media decided on a whim that Pokemon with guns was the next big thing, but still, it makes me feel like the state of "big hit" early access games these days is kinda sad. The way I see it, right now they do not really have an incentive to actually deliver a polished game because, apparently, reputation does not matter anymore, just rinse and repeat.
If your game isn't fun played with squares of blue construction paper, all the art, code, animation and hardware in the world will not help it. People forget it's the game, not the implementation. If the game is fun it will succeed despite you.
    This 100%. Art is expensive and is easy to fall into the sunk-cost fallacy.
BG3 all over again.  A dev team makes a great game that other teams refused to make. Game sells a ton, its a bad game!
Let's be real, the only reason Palworld got popular is because it leeched off of the already established Pokémon series. If the designs were substantially different from its artstyle that people couldn't link the two, the game would have flopped. 
fun is not king here, the most popular ip in the world is king
It's called survival bias.
Yeah to be honest I think it kinda sucks ass..
The game isn’t fun. It’s just hype. 

All the “fuck you Nintendo” and “human slave” articles around its release is what’s got you all playing it. 

It’ll eventually settle with its own audience. I’d say no more that 40k peak concurrent players per month on steam.
    I mean personally I just saw a youtube video of someone showing their base and thought "that looks fun" and then tried to play it and wound up staying up till 3 AM several nights in a row cuz I got absolutely lost in it
Honestly Nintendo was the only company producing "pocket monster" based games. Since they were lacking this company just filled in the spot with something way more interesting
    Haha. Good one. Creature collector games are definitely around and many of them are great. Monster Sanctuary, Siralim, Coromon and Cassette Beasts just to name a few. Perhaps people should do a quick Google search before claiming a monopolistic genre and using that as credit to a generic EA game.
    There's also Dragon Warrior Monsters, but they've been screwing up just as badly as gamefreak (And for the few in the series that were decent, literally just not releasing them outside Japan)
    There was a decent number of other attempts, mostly indie.  To say no one else was making them is a damn [lie](https://www.gamespot.com/gallery/best-creature-collecting-games-like-pokemon/2900-4245/).   

No one else has done this good, that's for sure. 

Hell there's a Pocket monster style mini game in Like a Dragon Infinite Wealth.
Blatant rip off of pokemon. But enough changes to make it its own game.  They knew what they were doing and the entire pokemon crowd turned out to buy and play it.  


I hope it becomes massively successful and they overhaul it though. Right now it plays and looks like a game from the late 2000s
Valheim just better 🤙
I mean yeah, but it also looks a shitload better than anything gamefreak has put out which is what obviously it's been compared to this whole time. So it does matter a little.
I think another part of it is that as much as Palworld gets dogged on for it's aesthetic resemblance to Pokemon, it's one of the few games positioned as a Pokemon competitor, particularly after main series Pokemon dropped off in quality, that cannot be described as a *clone* of Pokemon. 

I've noticed that every other creature collector people suggest is "better" than Palworld and Pokemon can be described as a clone of Pokemon. TemTem or Nexomon might be better games than Pokemon, but it still feels like a substitute, like these should really be Pikachu and co. on screen. Also notice that the *other* Pokemon competitor that actually ended up getting a degree of popularity relatively recently, Yo-Kai Watch, also cannot be described as a clone of Pokemon. 

You could make an argument that Palworld is a clone of ARK, but it's positioned as a Pokemon competitor, not an ARK competitor.
Your title is wrong and doesn't convey your message at all. Palworld IS a good game and you are explaining why it is a good game, because it is fun to play. Full stop that is what makes a game good. 

What you are trying to express is that Palworld is not an impressive game. It isn't flashy, beautiful, genre defining, or revolutionary. Nobody is surprised that a game like this could be made. Palworld doesn't push the envelope or expand the scope of what modern videogames could or should be. Palworld doesn't even try to achieve any of those things. 

The only thing Palworld does or tries to be is to take fun elements from many popular games and meld them together into a single cohesive package that creates a fun overall gameplay experience and it is moderately well optimized so it doesn't run like hot garbage. That's all it takes to make a good game. Palworld is a good game because that is all it tries to be.
Because people’s brains & attention spans are fried
.... It is a good game tho - the graphics are fine, not perfect, but not bad.  The game works for the most part, the bugs aren't terrible and sometimes funny.   It's a GOOD if not GREAT game.
Idk if this is controvertial but: if it sold millions and millions of people enjoy it, then its a good game.
The appeal of this game is so distant to me that I am floored by its popularity and am reminded that my taste is more niche. Not in a "good" way, just a different way.

I just... "Palworld?" I'm gonna play a game based around... "Pals?" ...with grindy crafting mechanics? ...that has a knock-off feel to the whole thing? Don't get me wrong, its success cannot be challenged, I just... who cares?
It cost only 30 bucks and has over 100 hours of content. All that play time and it's only early access. Find me something else I can do for fun that costs only 30 cents an hour. You'll be hard pressed to do that.

It's not a good game. It's a great game.
>unoriginal premise

What does that even mean? What game in the past 20 years has had a more original premise? Most everything is derivative, which isn't bad.
also stop spending so much money on marketing, haha, I received so much hate on this sub because I said spending half your budget on marketing is too much 

games are viral

if people like it, people will know about it. many people stream and talk about games. platforms will continuously measure and promote games if they sell.

I don't even like palworld
How a game sounds when pitched is a big part of it too. No one tries a game that doesn't sound fun, so even a less fun game that sounds fun will do better. Open world Pokémon like game with friends is already enough to sell many people. Most games are fun so that makes driving initial engagement is such a huge factor
And not to mention the assets of the creatures resemble the Pokemon Team’s owned Pokemon assets WAY too much. I personally don’t want to play a game that is being sued. Plus, the gameplay just looks like a rip off of Pokemon, but with guns. It’s like they didn’t put much of any effort in. 

But your point is encouraging to me. It tells me that I don’t need to focus so hard at getting good at any kind of art. I’m more into coding than making art personally. I might be able to get my games out there then if I don’t have to worry about making ideal artwork.
For a second there I thought you were gonna be another one of those butthurt devs over palworlds success then I read and i was like "they had us in the first half, ngl".


But anyways, ya, I mostly agree, while I do think graphics matter a little, it really isn't as much as AAA like to do so with. We mostly just wanna have fun cause that's what games are meant to be, fun.
i played for 5 minutes and deleted it was so awful. (for karma reasons this a joke please don’t downvote) (but if you don’t like the game please don’t downvote either because i think it is awful)
The game is good and it’s not completed
Helldivers is better. 
Game is ass compared to regular pokemon at least I can do PvP battles in pokemon 
I watched this playthrough just now and personally, it looks like a good game.  There weren't any glitches for the entire 21 minutes.  Palworld [Playthrough](https://youtu.be/bNg3Z57h_CM)
It’s unplayable though because it’s not good
it is one of the worst games ever and the biggest rip off of pokemon

pokemon is good palworld is thrash palworld is not even it the dictionary
It's still in Early Access. There will still be bugs. It's not a finished game. Your review is not taking that into account.
Yea for the price I really cant complain I got over it in a week.

It was a fun week.

It took me about 15 in game hours to start to notice the fact that the entire game was complete bar regrinding everything over and over or unlocking seemingly redundant gear. After 15 hours I realised every dungeon is just a lego set of 4 different rooms randomly stitched together. Every raider camp is broken beyond functionality and the world itself makes ABSOLUTLEY NO SENSE.

I think thats why the game got so big. It looks awesome, and for the first 10-20 hours of game play it totally hides the fact its a shit game from you. Most people write a review in that time and get "sold" on it.
I think you are forgetting that hundreds of very fun games do not get that much attention...

This is  nothing to learn from, nothing you can explain. It's just dumb luck on an organic buzz like that funny cat video everyone watched once for some reason
Yeah, it's a good concept, poorly executed. But the concept is good enough for it to be fun.

Graphics are basically an asset flip except for the pals, which, while derivative are well designed IMO.

Audio design and UI are incredibly derivative. 

Controls, movement, and combat are extremely stiff and clunky. 

The world is empty. There's basically nothing to do besides gathering resources, catching pals, and taking on the 5 towers. 

Progression is very slow and grindy. 

Base management is clunky. Assigning pals to tasks, pal's pathing, etc. 

Everything takes way too long to do. It's like they weren't playing the game while they were making it.

I tried to like it for a couple hours and it just felt like such a shitty asset flip at first. Then, I changed the world settings and downloaded some mods to make it respect my time more. I enjoyed it enough to complete the Paldeck and build a sick base. 

If they add more villages & NPCs, maybe some quests, better pathing and job assignment, a ton of QoL features, and maybe some more stuff to do (like puzzles, unique dungeons, etc), and polish the animations and controls, it could be a great game.
I thought the same, but then I tried it out. It's fun! And that's all that's all that matters.

My initial pushback was because it felt creatively bankrupt. Which is fair criticism, but creatively bankrupt fun is still fun.
Palworld is a hoe of video games ideas, and will be forgotten.
I totally resonate with this post OP. I am trying to reroute my focus on to the FUN aspect. Still figuring out how to go about it.

&#x200B;

Thanks for this post OP!
That's a bit misleading in my opinion. At least in this case. A huge part of it is that it's "not quite lawsuit level" Pokémon. Without that, it wouldn't have been nearly as successful.

Lethal Company is refined absurdist horror that the creator has been doing since at least 2012 getting better and better with every project.
I agree with your main point. Fun matters more than anything else.

I disagree with most of your assessment of the game though. I see so many "game dev professionals" dismissing the game as bad without actually having actually looked closer at the game and missing a ton of details and context because the premise of the game is intentionally silly. This (semi-rant) comment isn't just in response to you, but also all the people make quick judgements about the game online.

There's a "clash" between the style of the world and the style of the pals, but that style contrast is intentional. If you look at early iterations of the game the world had a cartoonish style, but they switched to a more realistic world design to emphasize the contrast between cute and cuddly characters living in a brutal world. Pretty much all the lore in the game (which admittedly is quite sparse) emphasizes this contrast.

I don't know what 'store bought assets' or 'default UE stuff' you've found in the game. They did that for their first game and they used it in the prototype, but I am curious what you think isn't original assets in the released game. Maybe things likes trees and plants, but doesn't most game use assets like SpeedTree for that? Seems like a weird criticism.

Unoriginal premise? Well at its core it's a survival game, but with 99% of games coming out being derivative of other games in their genre it seems odd to complain about unoriginality in a game that combines elements from 5-6 different genres in a way no one has done before. I guess you can make the claim that it's "unoriginal" because the elements it combines from the different genres are used without trying to hide where they took them from (and in a few cases it's very blatant), but that doesn't mean the overall game design isn't original.

Have anyone combined Pokemon-style monster catching with a survival game? Perhaps you can argue ARK and Conan Exiles have some of it, but they aren't really monster collecting games as such. ARK does come somewhat close though.

Have anyone combined and Elden Ring inspired world/bosses/combat with the survival genre? Some have definitely mixed in a bit of the components, but not in a very systematic way.

Have anyone combined fast paced, smooth-feeling shooter gameplay from games like Fortnite with the survival genre? Some have tried, but usually the combat ended up sucking.

Have anyone combined a huge open world with dozens of ways to travel the world like Breath of the Wild with the survival genre? Not really as far as I know.

Have anyone combined colony sims like Dwarven Fortress and RimWorld (or The Settlers) with the first/third-person survival genre even though both share a lot of features (and Minecraft took a lot of survival ideas from DF)? Nope, not at all.

So here we have a game that combines and ton of different elements from a lot of different genres and managed to pull it off in a way that doesn't suck. And what is the takeaway so many game "professionals" take from it? "It's just a bad pokemon clone" or "it's just a bad survival game".

Sure there are things to criticize. They shouldn't ripped off a number of their pal designs from pokemon characters. The company would look better if the CEO hadn't made arrogant comments about AI and crypto. The game would have been better if it had entered early access without bugs or unfinished late game. But that doesn't take away from how an amazing game experience the game is (at least for people who like the genres it's founded on).

There's a ton of important game design lessons in Palworld, but it seems so many people are invested in reducing the game to a single one-note wonder.
only programmers care about implementation and technical advances

only artists care about visual coherence and artistic innovation

only game designers care about never-before-seen game mechanics


users care about user experience. ultimately, the users judge your game, so that's the only measure that matters
The game is still in early access so all those issues you have mentioned will be ironed out in the long run what matters is the core gameplay loop which is what draws so many people into this game combine that with the lack of any innovation from GameFreak.
That's already how most of you think in the first place anyway.

Consumers like me who care about the technical aspects a lot are a niche you never really tap into. So I'm just resigned at this point.
Most cases of these smash successes are either because the game is meme-able or there is a discourse around it. Palworld is more or less both. "Pokemon with guns" is meme-able and the way people lose their shit over defending Nintendo is the discourse.

Like it or not, but this is the way marketing works nowadays even for most big budget games. Baldurs gate came up with the "bear fucking" meme, most AAA games will find one way or another to get a fringe of the fandom to stir shit and cause an internet discourse etc.
Sure, the game is fun, and that's very important, but I think it's still the super marketable premise that led to it selling millions. And the most marketable premises are never very original, because then people won't know what to make of it. The premise "pokemon with guns" makes people curious, it makes some other people mad, it makes other people laugh. It evokes a reaction, and it's super memorable.

My takeaway was actually that the things OP listed don't matter as much as a marketable premise. That the thing holding so many otherwise fun games back is that it's concept doesn't leave people curious, or laughing. That it's not build around a memorable idea.

Obviously being fun is essential too. But I think way more games are fun than games that are fun and extremely marketable.
AAA Games have loads of bugs and still their games are annoyingly unfun.
Absolutely agree with you, with one addition:

It went viral, massively. The element of luck has a HUGE impact on any game, and even more on small/indie games.
Still less buggy than the last 2 Pokemon games at launch
Sad (and depressing) but true. Very true.
i'd just love to live in a world where they didn't pretty much steal pokemons design language and clearly some of the models for the sole purpose of having the internet advertise for this as 'pokemon with guns' ahead of release, making sure it would get unlimited free advertising as a result.
Society is ignorant.
Man so many cynical folks up in here, y’all ever take a break from hating?
Just accept the fact that you bozos got smoked. A middle schooler Kid working part time at his local 7-11 got more done than any of y’all will do ever in your mediocre indie and “AAA” games.
How about aspiring to make a fun game that is also technically sound, looks good and not a completely braindead mashup of popular stuff?

Palworld's success is not a lesson about the importance of fun. It's a warning sign that crap like this is what people want to consume, the more you give it to them the more they will seek out these crappy superficial things and sink hundreds of hours into playing them instead of experiencing all the depth and original art videogames and the humans behind them can offer. It's really quite sad actually.
    Why is giving people what they want a bad thing?

This outlook is very much a part of the problem on both indie and AAA sides, we shouldn’t be trying to dictate terms of what consumers _should_ want rather than giving them what they _actually_ want.
What I don't get is why they based their creatures off of specific pokemon rather than just making "pokemon-esque" creatures. Seemed like a very weird and needless legal risk to have what look like edits of existing models. You can identify what pretty much every model is based off of.

That aspect just made me avoid it outright. I'd play a pokemon style game any day, but the models just gave the impression of lacking integrity.
    Because a solid artistic direction and good designs take time and effort... their goal is not to make art, clearly, but to make a product which will sell and they clearly succeeded at that
    Honestly that’s what most likely helped it reach such heights. It’s basically as if it’s a Pokémon game, which always sell well.

Personally I feel a bit ick looking at it. It’s one thing to be inspired, another to be a near copy of the designs
    That’s why it’s popular. People like to see their favourite Pokémon with guns.
    If you want to clone pokemons you they look more like pokemon if you clone the specific pokemons.

They where not allowed to use uncloned pokemons for legal reasons.
    Had they not copied the originals, you wouldn't even know Palworld exists, i promise you. That's why they did it.
God I hate this mentality, especially because usually it comes from a place of jealousy.

Saying Palworld isn't a good game is the equivalent douchery of saying "Pop isn't good music". 

Yes, it is. To a huge amount of people. Same goes with Palworld. It isn't good to YOU and that's okay.

Growing out of that mentality is a huge red or green flag of someone growing up.
    Read the whole post before making assumptions that that someone doesn’t like the game
The brokenness is expected in an Early Access game.
Excellent points!
This game sold because the characters look like pokemon
Palworld is actual slop, and it appeals to the lowest common denominator. Its always all the stupid room temperature IQ people i know in real life raving about this game
Exactly.

Also, I probably should've mentioned in my post that there's absolutely nothing wrong with generating ideas by saying, "It's X, but with/without Y." Coming up with stuff is like one of those alchemy games where you combine elements. When you have a sudden "idea," that's just your brain doing it unconsciously with already existing ones.
    So why is it not a "good" game then?

Most indie games are low quality shite, it doesn't stop them being fun and qualitatively "good".

Just because you and me dont like it it doesn't mean its not good.
        I believe the post is critiquing how many people on this sub approach others' projects due to not being "good" because it has generic assets etc., while these games show that that is a flawed definition
            It's actually insane how many people seem to genuinely think I hated this game because I said how it doesn't fit the conventional "quality" standards in the first paragraph. A little concerning.
                Junk food isn't healthy. It still tastes good.

I think that's probably a better analogy. Palworld gives the players what they want, and it's been rewarded heavily for doing so.

It's like the entire gaming community is getting cake for the first time in years. Not gonna win an award for originality, creativity, or technical mastery - but the devs openly said they didn't care about any of that. They just wanted to make a game that's fun.
                It proves your point. It's fascinating.
                Many many people on reddit lack reading comprehension.
                    Many people on the whole planet lack reading comprehension. Or verbal comprehension, or any kind of comprehension really. Ignorance is incredibly frustrating, and it's everywhere.
                        [removed]
                    The amount of times I've had to simply quote myself in response to random replies makes me think it's not even a lack of reading comprehension, but is just the result of people skimming posts, picking out what they either agree with a lot or disagree with a lot, and immediately plunging into some diatribe that is completely irrelevant to the post because they didn't even really read the post.
                        Another issue is some people seem to take every post as a whine or a complaint, and every reply as an automatic disagreement.
                            Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
                        Hey, I just skimmed this post and was interested in joining your diatribe
                        Oh great, another fucking typical redditor accusing people of not being able to read and thinking they're better than everyone. You're everything that's wrong with the American school system, I bet your parents didn't read to you when you were a kid. Let me guess, you went to a public school and you were one of the smartest kids in your class so you think you're one of the most intelligent people in the country because you never pursued further education and now you work in a dead end job feeling like the smartest person in the room, talking to anyone who'll listen about how Andrew Tate is a genius and Trump is misunderstood. You pick your kids up from school and tell them they're being brainwashed by LGBTQ+ ideology and their friends' parents are all so tired of listening to you babble your nonsense at soccer games, your "real" friends have slowly drifted away from you and you convince yourself that it's because they're all too dumb to understand what you're saying. You're one step away from being a flat earther and your wife is looking for any excuse to divorce you, probably banging the other soccer dads while you're watching red pill videos on YouTube in your spare time. Story as old as time. Fucking Reddit neckbeards telling on themselves. Go outside and touch some grass.
                            10/10 fever dream
                    Reddit actually rates pretty high on this scale compared to the rest of the internet.
                        I'm curious what the levels are across the board, I'd look it up myself but I don't know what terms I'd use
                        that means literally nothing. it's like saying "reddit actually ranks pretty high compared to the asylum for illiterate idiots"
                            Yes that was precisely my point.
                    It has a reaction inducing title. Most users probably didn't even finish reading the first sentence that OP wrote.
                    This is why they say a lot of Americans are illiterate. Yes, they **CAN READ** the words, but they can not comprehend them.  It always has to be literal and double meanings, context clues or metaphors blow right over the head of a lot of people.
                It’s because you started your post “criticizing” the game. And I’m guessing they didn’t bother to read the rest of your post.
                Reading hard.
                ...Because the title would lead people to believe, based on the way you wrote it out, that Palworld is not a good game. What you meant to say was, 'Palworld is not a well-made game'. But when you write 'Palworld is not a Good Game' as the title, and then go on to explain the game is fun and a good experience, the title is still 'Palworld is not a Good Game'. You have written it in a way that asserts that, even though Palworld is Fun and Unique and original, it is still not a good game. Even if that's not what you meant, that's how you wrote it. As concerning as it may be for you to have people coming to you with these claims, they are only doing so because you wrote it in that way.
        I think that of indie titles that reach that million sales threshold, they are far from "low quality shite." Stardew, Spire, Streets of Rogue, Vampire Survivors, Brotato, Gungeon, Death Road, etc.

They're all extremely responsive, visually appealing, clear (mostly) of bugs, etc. Games like "Bottle Recycle Sumulator" (probably real) that are just shovelware made in a week are absolutely low quality and have the lack of sales to show for it.

Just don't think it's a healthy practice to mix the two into a pot as if they're equal.
        Yes, good is quotations because this sub seems to be under the impression that a "good" game is the one that has been worked on for a long time and into which a lot of effort was poured, but this isn't necessarily true.
            Tbf Craftopia was worked on much longer and it was basically the blueprint for much of this game. It's not exactly like Palworld *just* took them a couple of years to create. If you've played both, you'll understand how similar they are.
                This is very true and is what I've told some friends. I played craftopia quite a bit and it's certainly a blueprint. I can see how they iterated over it. Craftopia also was an iterated version of a previous game they released. It has taken them quite a few years to build this.
                Its funny because from what I recall, there are still some of the bugs from Craftopia. Or at least "features" from Craftopia. Take for example you can still mostly not use stamina when running by spamming crouch. It doesn't work as well uphill but it works extremely well going mostly straight and of course downhill. This was something I found in Craftopia as well.
            I disagree this game took them 3 years to make and the company almost went bankrupt while making it even if the inspiration for Palworld is too on the nose it does take time and effort to make a game that works.
                Yes, and the systems in Palworld didn't spring out of nowhere. Palworld is essentially the souped up and refined version of Craftopia, their previous game which is actually still in EA.
            Palworld was initially announced over 3 years ago and is still in early access, not to mention that it's built on the bones of Craftopia (seriously. They're extremely similar) which itself was developed over multiple years.
        This is the buggiest game i've played in over a decade by a huge margin. It is absolutely not typical for indie studios.

Edit: Also, they have a staff of over 50, so not indie anyways.
            What are you on about? Have you ever played Cyberpunk or Starfield?
                This is much buggier. Albeit this game fully states that it is in alpha so I am more willing to forgive.

I think the 2nd buggiest game i've played lately is KSP2 and it too was in alpha ... likely another 2 years before it is in a playable state.
                    Absolutely not, my playthroughs of both of those games were much buggier than Palworld and I put around 30 hours in each. The development cost of both of those was around 30 times more expensive.
                    I didn't even buy Cyberpunk until after it had been fixed up, but it was still buggier than I have seen from Palworld. I did get Palworld like a week ago, not on release day, so that is a factor, as they have fixed some shit already, but it isn't remotely as buggy as you are stating.
                    > This is much buggier. 

I've played cp77 only after 2.0 and I still disagree. The bugs in palworld doesn't distract you from what it offers, while in cp77 they can get in the way heavily.
            Indie just means it’s self-published by a company that isn’t considered a publisher, no? It doesn’t really have anything to do with team size.
        Game is a buggy mess with lots of lag spikes. I got the corrupted save bug and had to start all over.

The gameplay loop is kinda shallow and I'm already bored of it. So yeah, it was a fun game with a cool premise and I don't regret playing it, but I wouldn't say it's a good game. Some of my friends are still playing it, but most I know have dropped it already.
            So if you said this about literally any AAA game to come out over the last 3 years, it would fit… except for Elden Ring and Cyberpunk 2077 after 2 years is finally a decent game, nothing groundbreaking tho

I think Baldurs Gate 3 isn’t AAA
        To be honest, lots of AAA games look like from 2015, and it's the same shit over and over again. Shitty indie games are at least trying.
            Assassin creed and far cry are two games that come to mind where it’s basically do the same thing over and over agin. Climb this tower take over the out post and reveal more of the map and repeat. Kill some animals get materials make stuff and repeat. Kill small targets to get the big target out and repeat.
                Yeah the gameplay in AC is very boring to me; the big selling point in them has always been the worldbuilding/setting/storyline. Which means there's quite a few in the series, especially more recently, that I just skipped entirely because the setting and story seemed bland and there's nothing else selling it to me beyond Fall Into Haypiles In Brand New Locations.
        > most indie games

"Experience a slow walk through symbolic lo-fi puzzle rooms. Learn to let go. Find true meaning in a world with no dialogue, only repressed trauma. Winner of the Gender-Nonconforming Electronic Music Composer's Association's (GNEMCA) honorable mention award for minimalistic 2-bit chiptune."

*title is either one random word like "Ergo" or a full sentence like "There are no dead here but our dreams."*
        Op is just sensationalizing for views on a Reddit thread.
That demographic also hasn't played this exact formula a million times already. That is probably a *slightly* more important factor than "fun" or whatever the other comments say. Kids have a different barometer than jaded oldtimers.
    Yeah. So many new games I see, I can't stop myself of thinking of them, "Oh, this is just like \[critically acclaimed game X\], that is still sitting unplayed in my library".

Some of my favorite games of all Times are still just some of the firsts of a certain genre I encountered with them.
    Another part of this - it addresses what people *actually wanted* from a modern Pokémon release. 

A lot of the criticisms of the last current gen Pokémons? They’re not in here. And Palworld goes in a way that actually does modernize the formula. It *feels* like Pokémon *should* feel in 2024. 

A lot of the sale numbers prob are novelty and virality (and correlate with the player base attrition), but the people who bought it because they like Pokémon? They’ve largely stayed. 

Because Nintendo, for all the things it does well, is painfully slow to innovate on its own formulas (and rightfully so, unfortunately - we all remember the early hate BOTW got from Zelda purists).
My mate watched it and went "it's ark with pokemon"... I watched it and went "it's [insert automation game here] with pokemon". My other mate went "it's pokemon with guns"...

The game has something fun for everyone, and it integrated well with the rest of the gameplay. It's very smartly done to appeal to a large audience.
I think this one’s important - not a Palworld fan, but I’ve followed the EA drama with Enshrouded and Nightingale. 

A big chunk of Enshrouded’s middling reviews right at launch centered around the idea that…people expected it to be something it wasn’t. And a big reason for that? The trailers. They painted the game as much more survival oriented than it is (and it’s really got more in common with BOTW than Valheim, and survival mechanics aren’t even the focus of the game). 

Nightingale? Tons of similar criticism - people felt always-online wasn’t communicated to them, that the trailers don’t accurately reflect the experience, that the trailers make it look more finished than it is, etc. 

Palworld? Their marketing is perf. It’s exactly what it looks like it is. Trailers reflect the gameplay experience, and the devs have been up front about the experience, requirements, and the state of the game. 

I’ve seen that a lot over the last year with various games. Teams that just wholesale seem to be selling a different game than what comes out at release - and sales and reviews tank for it. 

Palworld is fun for what it is, just not my thing, but I can’t say the devs didn’t show me what it was before I tried it. 

I feel the whole Pokémon X Fortnite concept is a huge reason for its success (from players and from riding a meme game high, if we’re being honest). It’s the rare meme game that’s actually good. 

But it’s beyond being a flash in the pan. See also Enshrouded’s devs using Early Access how it’s meant to be used vs Nightingale. 

A big reason for the formers success is that it was released in - yes, an EA state - but not one that feels more like an alpha build (contrast criticisms of Nightingale). Palworld did too. They released a completely playable, complete for the dev stage, game, and priced it fairly. 

  Sales are tapering off and it’s having trouble retaining players - which is normal for its early success and how widely talked about it’s been. 

But most of those? Just either don’t resonate with the game (like me) or don’t want to deal with EA jank and may well come back later, apart from people checking out the trend. 

The devs did good focusing on the core gameplay loop and making a game that is, at heart, designed to just be fun. But it’s not *just* that it’s fun - it’s not doing the same things that burned most of us out on EA releases and have drawn industry wide criticism. And that’s also a big part of its success.
It's more Ark or Rust than Fortnite, but it's with Fortnite looks thanks to Unreal.
    Are you correcting his 10-year old?
        It's important to crush their spirit early
            Fuck that got me lol I just cackled so loud out of nowhere that I think I might have woken my toddler from his nap 😂
            Yeah last thing we want is them developing hopes and dreams

(Then get those crushed by reality. What a nice world)
        Lmao
        Yeah, because that 10-year-old is wrong. No reason not the correct them.
            it's a cartoonish third person game with gunplay, how is that "wrong"?
                Because you are defending an erroneous oversimplification. Like the previous reply pointed out, it is far more correct to compare the gameplay to Ark or Rust than to Fortnite. To say it is like Fortnite is wrong.
                    No 10 year old gives a fuck if you are technically correct. They see a game with crafting and guns and they are also familiar with fortnite. It's not rocket science to see the connection.

LMAO.
                    i think you are focused more on efficiency of comparison rather than correctness of comparison, and also erroneously calling lesser comparative efficiency/greater comparative distance "wrong". i think you are confused in doing that, because wrongness of comparison requires one thing: that the shared quality is not actually shared. they are shared, so you are wrong to call it wrong.

of course it would be more efficient to compare an apple to a pear and an orange to a lemon, but they're all rosids. but recognizing arguably minute similarities between apples and oranges is not the point here: the point is to recognize similarities between three games in a specific ten-year-old's repertoire in order to excite them into playing one of those games. which the ten-year-old has successfully done. i mean, you're not even denying the similarities are there! you just have a standard that there should be more similarities than made. which is fine, but the original comparison is not at all wrong.
                        Yeah, that's called "wrong" dude
I watched the trailer and said “what the hell Nintendo smoked to put this out”. Later i learned this is not from them 😂
It's also more important for a game to look **recognizable**, than to look great. If you see an ad and then forget what game it was for, that ad does absolutely nothing. If you see a screenshot on social media and go "Oh, those players are playing xyz. I saw an ad for that!", that's effective marketing
    This is very true!
"X but with Y" is no-joke a great pitch.
    It’s how most games are. They are all inspired and copying from each other and that’s what I love about games. Everything is a riff on another game and you can see the cool outcomes and the overall progression and divergences of game types and styles. It’s really fun to watch as I’ve gotten older.
        That's art in general. People should treat everything as more of a "conversation" and not get so worked up about how close two pieces of entertainment are.
            “There is no such thing as an original idea”
        "Everything is a remix"
        Yep. Starfield is literally Skyrim, Fallot 4, and No Man’s Sky combined. I love Starfield so much! Lol.
    I'm going to make Call of Duty, with mechs. 
- Vince Zampella.


Titanfall was amazing. Titanfall 2 was even better. 
    Bloodborne but with puppets (overly simplifying but you get the idea)

Lies of P was super good.
        Lords of the Fallen = Dark Souls X Blasphemous 

Steelrising = Dark Souls but French 

Enshrouded = Valheim X Breath of the Wild (I’ve legit described it as Legend of Zelda: Fungus of the Valheim)
    "Last of Us but open world" - Days Gone pitch
    Depending on the X and Y.
    Exactly lol
    Pokemon ..but with guns.
        I don''t even know if that is the best way to describe it...

Pokémon, but with modern game play seems more apt.
One of my fave games of the last year is Vampire Survivors, and the game play of that is just moving around. Still inexplicably fun.
    [deleted]
        yes and people play games way past their release date.
Genshin Impact was BotW with anime waifus. Look at how much money it made.
    Wait, I thought BotW was BotW with [anime waifus](https://i.redd.it/l48ie3d59mq01.jpg)
        OoowOooo step-Link, what are you doing back there?
Even if palworld fail , whetever its a good or bad game ,it already opened a **HUGE FLOODGATE** to the monster taming genre that can never be closed again


—-


The most important impact of Palworld to is more about the monster taming genre , and it could end up very similar to the PUBG of Monster Tamers despite the genre having been around longer


PUBG was also a unicorn game that blew up... It effectively created a new popular genre (*battle royale genre*)  But once the idea was out there, suddenly all the AAA companies with enormous resources and talent jumped on the concept, and now it's an insanely popular game genre.


Palworld is just like PUBG ,creating/reviving a new genre and is showing there's room in the monster taming genre for more than just Pokemon. 


Previously many companies would have been afraid to ever touch the genre because of the giant Pokemon was perceived to be, but IMO the genre is now cracked wide open for everyone to take a shot at


People should now be interested in giving other monster taming games a chance.  **Temtem, Cassette Beasts, Yokai Watch, Digimon,** and even all upcoming  new monster taming game should start seeing a rise in popularity


In other words, the Monster Taming genre is an actual genre now,  not just dominated by Pokèmon and nothing else
    I think you are very correct.

I bought pokemon red on the day it was available.  I was a huge nerd, I knew it was huge in Japan, and I was one of the earliest adopters.  I spread the word and got my friends to play.  I never, ever considered playing things like Digimon, because they were just pokemon rip-offs to me.  What on earth could they offer that pokemon didn't offer?

The last pokemon game I bought was Shield.  It sucked.  I dropped it after about 20 hours.  It was just so... lacking.  I didn't care for it at all and was very disappointed.  But, I never asked myself that central question.  What on earth could a non-pokemon game offer me that pokemon didn't offer?  I had become so used to pokemon as the end-all-be-all of monster catchers I never even considered an alternative.  In many ways, I thought I had just grown out of the genre.  I certainly felt that pokemon shield simply wasn't for me, and I realized that future pokemon games would never be for me either.  They sell millions to children.  Why would they care about making a game that catered to adult me?

And now that I've played palworld... you're right.  I know now that I didn't grow out of the genre.  The new pokemon games just suck.  They're awful.  And after reading your post, you're right, I'm wondering what other monster tamer games are out there that might be as fun as palworld.
    Already getting knockoff Palworld ads, like Dragon Monster Hunter Planet or something, wild how clones are just popping up overnight

Obviously they probably have no bones and are malware, but it’s there
        You might be referring to the dragon warrior monster series which is a monster taming game that dates back to 1998. Did many things before pokemon just never became as popular.
            There’s also Monster Hunter Stories - that’s basically Monster Hunter X Pokémon.
    PUBG went the same way like lots of other "innovative" and "stylish" projects, it never expanded outside of its narrow idea. AAA companies didn't need to do much to pick it up and make it better. Plus Pub is full of hackers and they don't care. There is a hardcore base keeping that thing alive.

"Monster taming" is a specific implementation of the "collecting" gameplay , but here with friends. Plus there aren't many streamable, youth friendly implementations that have base building, adventuring etc. Most multiplayer games are either build for competition, have sbmm and other shit that nobody wants. Or are just plain out soft rpg loot skinnerboxes. Palworld does lots of things right other didn't even consider relevant.
If I like X I'll probably also like this game that's X but Y
Also I’d like to point out that the devs making flashy animations and designs are (usually) not the same devs working on the actual gameplay. You can have both.
Yup. It’s not that Palworld is completely unpolished. It’s that they prioritized polish in the right places. The actual combat, reload animations, even just the SFX and draw animation for the bow are all crisp and satisfying. The pals all have distinct animations even for doing work in your base and are expressive and memorable as a result. They prioritized things that made the game memorable and fun and left the jank in places where it wasn’t as important, but they still put in a ton of work on the pieces that make the game feel as good as it does. 
    exactly. They focused on the shit you'll notice. Leave the rest for later
        And by "focus", we mean throwing a significant portion of a $7 million budget at the problem.
    Everytime I hear the word "Jank", I think of Martin Keary's video about Dorico (A musical notation software) and his infamous "Jankman". 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-3wEC6Fj_8
        jankman is still alive and kicking and i don't know how to feel about that

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/tFYkGyaXCw0
            You need to flip the switch to activate the tick box that activates the button! IT'S COVERED IN JANK!!!!! 

His videos have me rolling every time I see them.

"The bars, they stretch, the stretch really high. I tried to open the dialog box but it's covered in gore..."
    I finally got the shotgun and the reloading animation is a nice touch
    How are y'all getting them to fight? I literally throw my pal and it just stands there looking at the enemy while the enemy kicks my ass lol.
        Never had that issue myself but I mostly use pals that have ranged attacks. 
            None of my Pals attack. Range or up close lol. I've un-installed, reinstalled and everything. Xbox and PC. I think I'm just unlucky lol.

If I play with others my teammates even see that my Pals literally just stand there lol.
                If you press and hold ‘4’ in game you open a wheel with combat stances for your pal. I was in the exact same situation until I realized I had my pals set to ‘passive’ in every situation lol.
                    Mine were still having that issue even with changing the stances 

I found a temporary workaround with some where if you started riding them (if they had that ability) and attacked who you wanted they would usually keep attacking the same Mon but it was never super consistent
                Has nobody told you that you set your pals aggression? Can’t remember the keybind but there’s a wheel that pops up and you select don’t attack, focus my target, or attack anything.
                    I've done all that one both systems, they still just stand there. Tried all settings, nothing.
    Idk what you people are on with this game.

The actual gameplay is awful- base building, colony management, combat, etc. Shit gets stuck or broken constantly. The animations are good enough to not notice them, as is the rest of the “polish” but then it feels like a polished turd that looks smooth and shiny but completely uninspired aesthetically and feels like ass to actually play. 

I’ve tried SO hard to like this game, I have no clue why it’s gotten this much praise. I feel like all the fans are AAA refugees that have never actually played a good indie game before.
        I play almost exclusively indies.

Palworld’s core gameplay loop of going out, exploring, fighting, and catching stuff is fun. The ancillary loops of base building and management are a mess but that doesn’t get in the way of enjoying the main loop for a lot of people myself included. If you try to play it as a base-building/survival crafting game first and a monster collecting/fighting game second then you’d be bouncing off the worst parts of the game.

There’s no other game out there that provides that kind of experience. Ark tried but is an even worse mess than Palworld despite nearly a decade of time to try to get it right. Arceus is plagued with technical issues and hampered by the hardware it turns on. Those are basically the only two games out there that have anything resembling the main loop of Palworld. 
            That’s the problem though, the base building, survival, open world crap is constantly getting in the way. 

Oh, you’re hungry, go cook. Oh you need to repair/restock go mining because your slaves are too slow.

I don’t disagree with your central thesis of ‘focus on your products stregths’. However this game is ok, and doesn’t go beyond that because it’s badly assembled, the guns and building and management are constantly fighting for my attention, in my experience at least. 

But ultimately: popular and good are not the same thing. When I heard of it I suspected it wasn’t for me, and normally I would have given it a pass, but hearing the hype I thought I should give it a chance. 10 hours in, I still can’t say I get it, but a sale is sale. Why does Pal world manage where others like Megami Tensei fail? Because it hit when people were getting sick of Pokemon, and then something that looks similar but with a couple of tweests comes along, that was enough to give it the initial momentum and then not being utter garbage was all it needed.

Marketing and timing is king. Everything else, including gameplay comes second. Welcome to the market baby!
        I'm basically restating what the other user said to you: it's not a good base building game, and neither is a good combat one. The base is there so you have a point of return for what you did outside. It just do them alltogether well enough to be engaging. With that said:

> I have no clue why it’s gotten this much praise. I feel like all the fans are AAA refugees that have never actually played a good indie game before.

This is actually not far off. It's a gacha game without  actual gacha gates.
Truth


The man-hours evident in PalWorld can't be replaced with "care"
    There's plenty of care that went into Palworld too, even if it's rough around the edges. Many pals have unique animations for various jobs around base, for example.
Wait, you mean Palworld isn't a cynical, easily-made cash-grab but years of hard work in an underserved market that is near and dear to the hearts of millions of consumer childhoods?
This reminds me of a conference I saw about path of exile 2. The guy was talking so much about clothes and what minuscule details they have to show a type.. and im thinking “yes but no one fucking cares” , which his first clue should have been the almost empty theater
    Some people do care about these details. I also think it's great that developers are passionate enough to care about the minor things. It shows that they aren't just going through the motions and delivering a minimum viability product as a finished asset. If I had a video game studio I would want that developer on my team.
        Maybe, but I kinda see a problem when the game devs get excited about a "game they want to code/design" more than a "game they want to play".
            Well that doesn't describe GGG imo.
    That's contradictory to the other commentors point though. These minuscule details are boring to talk about but if you play a game without them you notice it immediately even though you can't describe exactly what's missing. I had the same effect when I saw videos of Suicide Squad. It could be a fun game but it looks really really bad and I can't even explain why. There is something about the details of the textures that looks more like clay than a video game.
        Just look at how many posts there are about how cute some pals are e.g. Chillet/Cattiva/whatever. They have very expressive faces and moods and carefully crafted animations.

Yes, the game is a buggy mess, but it has all this polish in those places. The pals \*do\* feel alive, and its the "little things" like their work animation and facial expressions that really sell that feeling.
        I think this is the absolute key, it's to do with emersion and what that means in terms of the specific game/genre.

Issues with emersion are experienced exactly as you say "..really really bad and I can't even explain why". People don't need to know why something is off, or even what precisely is wrong, it's just a feeling of wrongness.

So I think the real message is a combo of what both you and the OP said - getting the things right (enough) that it helps maintain emersion for the player, and understanding as a dev what is outside the parameters of potentially emersion-breaking for most players, and thus not a core focus.

Pokemon S&V (at least at launch) being a good counter example where weird environments/animations/graphics broke player emersion in a similar type of game.
    That’s because exilecon had multiple events going on at once. You couldn’t go to everything, so people prioritized the more exciting ones.
    People do care about details, but the details they tend to care about are ones that often get skipped over by those sorts of meticulous people in favour of working on shit they *don't* care about.
    You shouldn’t care how it is made as an end user as it is an engineering detail and was probably part of conference with other engineers about how to achieve the same technique (there is a lot of knowledge sharing in engineering and math circles), Not much meant for “normal” gamers to watch or as the audience I guess. Thats why the theater was empty. Should one care about the Fourier Transform on how to make ocean waves in a game? Not if you are a “normal” gamers at least. Know who the audience that is targeted at those technical conferences.
Yep. They hired 50+ freelancers and animaton lead to take care of pals unique animations. Hard cope from op side.
they clearly spent time on it but they also clearly spent more time in areas that matter.

a vast majority of assets and system are "good enough" and then they spent alot more time in animations because thats what matters.

also animation, while difficult, is not that hard to animate for once u have a good model and rigging in place. u could prob have a team of a dozen or so people do it over a year or 2. with each person responsible for 15 models or so. which is not that bad of a pace if you consider a professional could prob do it in under 150 hours per model.

also animations often get the spotlight but the logic by which thr animations play is probably also an issue. which is not an animators fault either
I agree.  The game feels pretty polished for the most part.  It’s not perfect but the devs give me confidence that they are fixing things. A lot of people are acting like the devs spent a few weekends downloading unreal resources and slapped pokemon together with AI.  I love the pals, the world, and I can’t wait to see how they go forward with it.
I interpret the general idea as "if your gameplay loop sucks, just making it prettier isn't gonna help as much as you hope". I feel the point is less "just make it fun 5head" and more "remember what a game is about as you're going along the process"
    That's not true though. Nikke has terrible gameplay and is extremely successful. There's games with shit art but great gameplay that are successful too, like minecraft. Games with bad art and buggy like PUBG.

  
You don't need art, story, gamplay or anything else specifically to be good. You need one of the aspects to be good enough to carry the rest. Palworld and Minecraft doesn't need a good story. Nikke didn't need gameplay.
        I don't know what nikke is so I can't comment on that, but there's a difference between bad art and simplistic art. Minecraft isn't "bad" looking by any means

Frankly I'm not sure how the rest of your comment could be considered points either agreeing or disagreeing with my stance
            I feel like I missed your point the first time I read it. I was disagreeing that good gameplay is essential for a game to be a success, but I completely agree with your interpretation of "remember what a game is about as you're going along the process". All the good games I can think of double down on what makes them great instead of trying to be everything for everyone.

  
Edit: I don't agree that Minecraft looks good, there's other low-poly games I think look better like Risk of Rain 2. With that said, I can see how that's more of a personal opinion than fact. Not really worth discussing it further.
    I take away the opposite lesson: When this gameplay loop was dressed up as a Minecraft clone with boring characters and animations, no one cared and it reviewed poorly (Craftopia). When this gameplay loop was set in an expansive open world with hundreds of detailed Pokemon-alike animals with unique animations and given some emotional weight, it sold millions and many loved it (Palworld).

The gameplay is really kinda basic here. It's the art and animations and emotional underpinning of fucking around with your morality that carry the whole game IMO.
and don't forget to "make it good" too, I fking forget that every time
I mean, once you get out the indi space and look at the mainstream, making a fun game would be a revelation
    I think that's a bit of misnomer. A lot of mainstream games are fun for plenty people but because they are mainstream they also hit the audience who doesn't find it fun. While for indies it's mostly the community that specifically searched them out because they enjoy that particular thing.
Unfortunately a lot of studios seem to have forgotten this. Nowadays we see a lot of games designed to be monetized but not enjoyed (as a primary goal). It's refreshing to see games like Palworld and Baldurs Gate remind people that good games will sell like hotcakes.
Welcome to gamefreak getting lazy.

Palworld did well because it's a less craptastic version of pokemon.

I think it would be quite eye opening if they let a studio like Capcom run wild with a pokemon licence. It's a good IP woth mediocre developers.
    "Devs are lazy" 

Yeah you're not a gamedev, you're a gamer regurgitating conspiracy theories without any care nor understanding why their games are this way
    Gamefreak is not lazy. Gamefreak is a billion dollar company that is not allowed to take risks anymore and must produce products on set deadlines. Much like FromSoftware, after a certain size you are not allowed to experiment. Your leeway for innovation is limited. Your career is no longer about making art, but about creating a product approved by a board of investors to hit large demographics and maximize profit margins. To call gamefreak lazy shows a massive ignorance of the game development industry.
        The quality of the pokemon games has gone down massively. Its insane that a company with that amount of resources doesnt do shit with said resources. They know they dont have to because people will buy there games anyway.
            They never fully adapted to the change from 2D sprite based games to full 3D modeled games and it shows.
        Lazy in the game design sense. They can't seem to understand what makes a good game anymore. The employees might work hard and they might experiment randomly but they clearly lost the flare for making games. Maybe lazy is a bit inaccurate but it's uninspired.
            That's fair. It can seem uninspired.
        They made Arceus, which was a huge step in the right direction... And then they stepped right back. Billion dollar companies are allowed to have bad management
            Arceus and Scarlett/Violet were being developed at the same time, so they didn't have time to learn anything from Arceus before releasing the next game.
                That is a fair point. If I had to bet whether gamefreak will actually learn something though, I know where I'd put my money
            A big part of that was testing software on a new platform

https://www.gameinformer.com/2024/02/09/persona-star-ocean-and-final-fantasy-developers-discuss-the-trend-of-remaking-classic
        Even from the perspective of a profit-focused entity, Gamefreak's management is highly reliant on the strength of the Pokémon IP, marketing to a vulnerable demographic, and TPCs other endeavours to cover their relatively subpar decision making.

Gamefreak's plan for the Switch is "just assume it fails" and didn't even bother to prepare for the possibility of it succeeding then scrambled to put a title together by 2019 in order to avoid jeopardising TPC's merchandising. They regularly make the kind of decisions that would sink studios.

You only need look at Disney to see how these kind of decisions with even a slightly older demographic can lose you hundreds of millions of dollars. And make no mistake Gamefreak have left a lot of money on the table over the years due to their managerial ineptitude.

I feel bad for the developers working under them having to work such tight schedules with reduced creative freedom only to cop abuse.
        So weird to bring From Software into this discussion as they made Elden Ring not two years ago.
            Yah I see what the guy is saying, but that’s definitely not an apt comparison lmao
        I disagree that fromsoftware doesn’t experiment anymore. Elden rings open world was a totally new game concept for them. Before that Sekiro is totally different than any other action game I’ve ever played

Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. Big developers can 100% change their development style while remaining successful. Saying otherwise is just an excuse for lazy developers
            > Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. 

Only because the series was under-performing. It was Nintendo's most expensive IP and sales were trending downwards.

Had Zelda consistently been doing 10 million with every entry I very much doubt they'd have felt the need to change it up.

Studios radically changing a series at the peak of it's success seems rare, feel free to throw counter-examples at me though.
        >to hit large demographics and maximize profit margins

Ah, and we have hit the nail on the head. The problem is the studios stagnate and become...\*drumroll\* lazy if there is no competition. 
You do what has worked previously. You recycle mechanics and models. But this only works so long. Competition takes advantage of your failure to innovate.

This might surprise people, but it's possible to do demographic research on creative concepts too.
            Nearly all the profit from Pokemon comes from merchandise. If they wanted to make money, they'd double their dev budget to squeeze out 20% more plushie sales. They focus more on the pokemon they have, and less on making new ones that dilute the recognizability of their trademarked designs.

Just because a rich person/company does something, doesn't mean it's smart
            This is incredibly dismissive of indie games like Temtem, Coromon, Cassette Beasts, Monster Sanctuary, and even non-indie games like Yokai Watch, the Digimon Series, or Shin Megami Tensei. Some of them have been around for years.
    Have you played Legend Arcerus? Thats a good game imho.
Keep in mind switch is less than a modern mobile phone.
    Never gonna happen. You’re *almost* there too. 

See, Pokémon is not just “a good ip” nooooo no no, it’s the most valuable media franchise of ALL TIME. Beating out Hello Kitty, Mickey Mouse and Friends, Winnie the Pooh, Barbie, the entirety of Disney Princesses (counted as a single ip), Star Wars, Marvel Comics, Mario, Shonen Jump, *fucking Lego* and many many other ips including Mario—which was the 8th most valuable media franchise of all time back in 2020.

Game ips don’t make the list, only Nintendo games do, actually only Mario and Pokémon. Not even Fortnite, Call of Duty, Halo, or God of War even come close to scratching that list. 

Nintendo and subsequently GameFreak own the most expensive and lucrative golden goose in human history—and being much smaller companies than other game devs like Microsoft and Sony (who sell more than just games) they don’t have the money or assets to protect Pokémon if they ever gave it up. They would be crushed by the wallets of much MUCH larger companies and lose their grip on their golden goose. 

When I say it’s the most lucrative golden goose in human history, just look at Mickey Mouse and Friend’s ip and Barbie and think about how long both have been around, and how Pokémon’s earnings dwarfed theirs in a fraction of the time. They captured lightning in a bottle and will never ever *ever EVER* give it up. 

Being a billion dollar asset doesn’t make Nintendo powerful, they’re still a small company in comparison to their main competitors Sony and Microsoft, and of course Disney who each will not hesitate to steal Pokémon if they could, because it’s really the only thing on their radar making Nintendo their competitor in the first place. 

And why does GameFreak not just… make a good game? Because they don’t have to, all they have to do to stay successful and competitive it hold onto their golden goose at all costs and let it keep printing free money, through trading cards, merchandise, and television. The games? Well, that’s just a side hustle for them at this point. 

They earned the tops spot of the most valuable media franchise in human history and did it light years faster than anyone else before or after them. They know exactly what they got and will NEVER give up an inch, because they’ll be eaten alive by much bigger companies with much more money and power if they even so much as allow another developer to feature a cameo. 

They don’t want a repeat of how they did Universal Studios dirty by stealing king king and getting actually away with it in court.
    Palworld has more bugs and glitches and still has bad graphics, it's not better than pokemon it just has guns.
I love it when this sub discusses oversaturated genres, and "open world survival crafting" is always the top reply.

Then 5 more games release that same month and rake in 8-9 figures each.
    The *ones you've ever heard of* raked in 8-9 figures. That's only the peak of the iceberg; it's not a sure bet. 
        [deleted]
            Also note that "card battler" has a lower median than "roguelike deckbuilder".

Roguelike deckbuilder has an IRL equivalent and it's one of the classic MTG formats, [Booster Draft](https://www.channelfireball.com/article/Everything-You-Need-to-Know-About-Booster-Draft-MTG-Deep-Dive/47a4817d-3362-48bc-9b29-bbbb86ef5c4a/). Draft is a lot more popular than the constructed MTG formats. I don't get it myself, but it's a good data point.
            A newer data from 2023: [https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/](https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/)
    A lot of them do fail though.
        Love it when I fail with 200k profit l, just like in the simulations
    Reddit in a nutshell.. railing against popular things.
    They're popular because they're popular. That's the extremely unpopular opinion I have about Dark Souls - everything about it screams "super niche game for a small dedicated audience of fans", yet here we are.
    90% of self-proclaimed ~~game developers~~ have never released a game but still give advice based on nothing
        90% of this sub is hobbyists which is completely fine... Some others would do well remembering it tho, not everything in game dev has to end in you making the next GTA V
That sounds like cope, it does not seem like a small niche liked this game it has mass appeal 

Which is the polar opposite response most people have had to essentially every single triple A game released over the past 4 years, games of mass unappeal 

The most shallow, scripted, unoriginal hundred million dollar pieces of entertainment garbage the public has had the misfortune of encountering. The lack of any acknowledgment/change in AAA industry is baffling, we need more of them to fail, we need an execution
    Niche can still be a lot of players. But would you say for example Moba players and FPS players are the same group?
        Now we're just discussing the definition of the word niche.
I get what you're saying, and I agree with it in spirit. But I use the terms to refer to different things. 

To me, a good game is both fun and well-made. A bad game is neither.

I enjoyed Palworld (after some heavy modding) but it has SO much potential to be WAY better.
    It’s still early access so it hasn’t failed to deliver on any of that potential.
    "Games" criticism has been hobbled from the outset because we decided to call them... Games.

The first "Interactives" were games. So they were sold, rightly, as "Games".

But the artform has moved on since then. There are a bunch of interactive experiences. But the term "Game", has stuck, so no matter what kind of interactive experience a developer is making, it's saddled with concepts of rules and fun and play, because... because Games have those things. And we've needlessly folded "Interactive" in with "Game".

It's like if the first thing anyone ever painted was a Maze. And so we decided to call paintings "Mazes". And then 10 thousand years later half the world thinks the Mona Lisa sucks because it doesn't have a maze.
        Great point. I usually say something like this when defending Firewatch.

Maybe "engaging" is a better metric than "fun."
            Yeah, that's what I was getting from this thread too.
So true. This post is pretty stupid. people play games to have fun. If people are having fun, then it's good. Simple as that. Saying it (and lethal company) are not good games is laughable and screams cope. You can have a flawlessly developed game with 0 bugs and beautiful graphics. But if it's not fun, it's a shit game.


(For the pedants, fun = enjoyable)
Yes and No in my opinion. Books don't have to be fun to be good, movies don't have to be fun to be good, tv shows don't have to be fun to be good, video games are another type of media, and in my personal opinion they don't have to be fun to be good.
    I kind of agree. the video game SOMA was never fun by any measure, even compared to other horror games with better movement/mechanics/flow, but its amazing nonetheless because the graphics and mechanics are okay enough and the story is mind blowing
        I think people often forget that fun is just a subset of "engaging" but for some reason most people like to talk about fun games rather than engaging games. The Witness, Soma, Eve Online, and Tarkov are not fun but they are an incredibly engaging experience for people that like those things.  


Also I think some people use fun to include the enjoyment they get out of playing the games I listed as well so I don't think we need to read too much into it. It's just a word people like to use and it is inaccurate.
            EVE is a great mention in this context. It *can* be fun--I had a few incredibly fun experiences in EVE back when I still played it--but most of your time with that game will most likely not be spent having fun. You're engaged, rapt even, you're very emotionally and intellectually invested in goings on and it takes a great deal of awareness and attention just to go most places in that galaxy let alone do anything there. But it's mostly "downtime" or travelling between the places where you do things, or downtime within the things that you do, and for the most part while not docked up somewhere you're hoping very much something "interesting" *doesn't happen* unless you're specifically out in a combat ship looking for a fight. There's a lot to like or even love about EVE, but "fun" in a way almost anyone would use the word wasn't very common in my own experience with the game even when I was still enjoying myself playing it.
    Imho you're missing the point here. I have a lot of fun with bleak and dark Games, movies and books.

It's fun to me since I enjoy these. A definition of fun is very subjective. 

I hate Football games for example. Not fun to me. Make it become a parody with killing and fantasy and it becomes fun to me (blood Bowl)

Apparently a Pokemon game in Open world with a lot of other weird stuff in the mix is fun to a Lot of people.
        I think maybe "engaging" is a better term. Like, I didn't have *fun* reading 'The Road', but I was absolutely **engaged** throughout, and consider it one of my favourite books.
        "fun" is inherently tied with happiness, or joy, but art isn't inherently any of those. At the end of the day art is just a way for us to think about the real world in abstract ways, and that doesn't always mean fun
    I think this is a different discussion entirely than what you replied to. Fun = good but good does not necessarily have to be "fun", because it can be interesting, thought provoking, emotional etc. So a case of not all rectangles are squares but all squares are rectangles.

If something is fun you can say that it is good! And you can analyze why it's fun in a critical review. In the case of Palworld there's a pretty ingenious web of features going on under the hood that work together to improve all aspects of the game.
    Fun is very subjective. However, any book/movie/video game has to be, in its own way, interesting to be read/watched/played.
    My standard for good game is basically fun.
        I just think that's a very silly stance. Many people here and online will shout about how video games are and artform. But then also hold the stance they can only be fun dopamine machines and nothing else. It's a strange example, but could a video game equivalent of Schinler's list exist? A emotionally painful game that educates the player on the atrocities of history. Where the player finishes the game and is moved by what they just experienced, or a game that encapsulates that mood or feeling. I think reducing games as a whole to only being fun to have any worth is silly.
            Of course it can. This War of Mine. Fun game. See?
    Everyone's so afraid of coming off as a snob, they're training themselves to disregard their own taste. No, you do not have to like something just because it's popular. If someone is interested in making a good product that sells well, that can be distilled down to market research and data analysis. If someone wants your input on whether a game is "good" or not, they're probably genuinely interested in your artistic perspective.
Exactly. I still don't understand how people judged how good games are based on circumstantial stuff.
    Because people like u/NightestOfTheOwls want to be pretentious gatekeepers of the industry.
        Or because this sub always harps on about bugged releases, and never understands why studios release buggy games.
        Lmao the post is doing the opposite of gatekeeping. It's saying exactly what you're saying, Redditors really do not have reading comprehension.
Nah, it's like stupid fun movies like Sharknado. No one would say Sharknado is a good movie but a fun one.
    The movie set out to entertain. It knows its "bad". If you were entertained then its a good bad movie.
You are having fun wrong!
To be fair though Shadows Of Doubt has much much deeper gameplay systems than Palworld, emphasising player choice and immersion. The dev clearly chose to emphasise that over visual fidelity.
    If you kept up with the devlogs of Shadows of Doubt it's however evident that they put *a lot* of effort into the graphics, and it looks great. Just not into highly detailed assets, but most of all lighting and color, which are imperative in setting the mood of the game

There is definitely more jank in the game mechanically than there is to its visual approach.
this game isnt cheap looking, do you know how time consuming creating voxel art is? palworld definitely looks cheap though.
i was just thinking about booting this back up, it's been a while for me. such an intriguing design but in practice felt like it still needed some time. it was probably like a year ago that i last played iirc.

edit: it came out in april, so not a year but i must have played around when it came out.... so i should probably try again lol
    I owned it for about three weeks now and there's already been one patch no idea what else they have worked on otherwise they added a hotel since launch according to YouTube videos I've watched
idk, seeing the same 5 quests generate makes the world feel dead
God, Shadows of Doubt is so good. I want it to succeed so badly because it's just a well of opportunity. It somewhat falls apart when you're pulled out and made aware that this is procedurally generated in ways that makes it feel more random than interesting and when stumbling over unfinished parts of the gameplay, but these are fixable, even if they will take a lot of work.
And Arceus is by far the best that modern gamefreak has done
    Arceus is was SUCH a breath of fresh air
Op doesn't realise how much store bought assets can exist in AA and AAA titles.
He used " " to indicate he didn't mean it literally.
    you could read my comment as complimentary to the original
some people underestimate how popular sandbox game is...
Or, we can stop defining "good game" by what sells.  Feel like any reasonable gamer should know this by now.

Call of Duty is the top selling game most years its out, and no one would probably qualify is as "Good game".
    Really? When MW2 came out recently I had good fun with it. Yes it has a lot of elememts the are bad (monetization) but in general I don't really think most CoDs are BAD games, the market is just oversaturated with them.

MW3 was pretty damn lazy though.
    millions qualify it as a good game, more than any other
    Good luck with this line of reasoning. I tried to explain to Reddit that Skyrim is a "bad game" in the sense that's it's poorly designed and I got downvoted to death.  


The truth is that even gamers that have been around since forever don't really care about how well designed a game is. They just want to enjoy it. For some people that's Marvel movies, Skyrim, and Call of Duty. Hell, I do enjoy things sometimes that let me turn off my brain I just wish we could stop pretending things are good simply because they are popular.
        For literally 12 years people have been telling me Skyrim is a bad game. What I've come to learn is that lots of very vocal gamers refuse to recognize their own opinions and insist on labeling games as objectively good or objectively bad.

[¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯](https://xkcd.com/359/)
a hard pill to swallow for some. Look at Lethal Company it looks like trash, but is a blast to play with friends
    I don't think it looks like trash at all. It has a low-poly horror aesthetic that it executes very well.
        Not low poly necessarily but low res. Everything looks blurry because the game is rendered at under 720p and then upscaled, so it does look “bad”, but the stylization turns that into its aesthetic while also being very performant.
            Yeah, it's a great creative choice. I think it looks awesome. 

To me, a coherent, unique, interesting art design is more important than graphical fidelity. The goal is something that evokes a specific feeling, and it achieves that in spades.
No battlepass, no subscription. Well, not so far least.
It’s not even what I wanted from an open world Pokemon game. They took the TWO last remaining good qualities of Pokémon (high end battling and good character design) and removed them, then tacked on an uninspired survival game loop.

It’s like a monkeys paw wish.
Also serious bugs = no fun

e.g. Cyberpunk 2077
I personally thought it was less buggy than the last Pokemon game, Scarlet and Violet.
You can brick the server by leaving a guild while the guildmaster is offline. And a crashed server cannot be simply restarted. If you do so it will create a new world and delete all progress. You have to make a backup, start the server, make a new world, save, then paste over the server and restart.

This is EASILY the buggiest release in ages.
    Fair. I only played single player, where there were fairly few bugs.
    > This is EASILY the buggiest release in ages.

"Janky dedicated servers with broken/missing auto-save and recovery" is not even approaching "buggiest early access game launch".

Fwiw I have absolutely just killed the server process, though I do actually save, and I've never had it fully reset. (100% believe that happened though)
    The same world-deleting bug would also happen just by catching too many pals

Edit: Wait a minute, I know you
        Nah, they patched that within the first month of release. They have made a clear effort to crunch critical bugs like these, which I think just goes to show how on point this dev team has been.

Yall acting like BG3's early access release wasn't literally 6x worse.
    Multi-player only I've had almost zero glitches on solo play except falling through the earth a few times which I've literally done in AAA games like cod or apex sooo eh fuck them for not perfecting the multi-player aspect on a early release?
> It was less buggy than most releases nowadays, even some from AAA studios.

"Most games" are not that bad.  I would trust any big budget studio game over an early access title, 7 days a week.
What other definition of success is there?  If you made a game you were proud of, but no one bought it, is that a success? 

Its only a success if it sells well, why would any other metric matter?  Cant feed my family with a great game that is niche and appeals to 100 people.
    Do you think only pop music is successful?
        Other music makes money so no, do i think its the most successful?  Yes.  Because only money made determines success. 

How is that not obvious
    >why would any other metric matter?

Was Demon's Souls/Dark Souls worse games with worse ideas when they were still niche games? Was Fear and Hunger a worse game when it had only been played by hundreds of people for years?

It's a success when you are satisfied with what you made and it accomplished what you set out to do. If you set out to "make money" then yes, sales is the only thing that matters, but creators of all kinds have different motivations for creating. Telling stories, crafting experiences, sharing perspectives, entertaining... And when those motivations succeed they create the things that drives people to create in the first place. When "make money" succeeds where 80% of the designing process is done with market research it creates Palworld or live service grindathons. No one has to tell you how to live your life, but you probably shouldn't assume that it's the only way for anyone to live theirs.
        Demon souls and dark souls made money, so success.

Were they the most successful games?  No.  If they lost money, there wouldnt have been sequels.

So again, only money determined their success.  Who cares if the money came later.

Was Tommy Wiseau a success making The Room?  No, not until it became a cult classic years later and made money.  The guy even says so himself.
Some friends randomly sent me a request for it. I downloaded it and jumped on. Played it for about 8 hours straight with them and had a lot of fun. But I haven't really cared to go back to it after that. Maybe I'll jump back on in a year or two, though.
Wow, so it's fun for 40 hours?! Sounds like an incredible deal for $30 bucks, especially since it's still very early access and will undoubtedly have tons of additional improvements and more content moving forward toward release.
    They meant level 40, but I’ve got about 40 hours in and I’m only level 37, so probably about the same time. I agree though. Even if I stopped now, game’s been more than worth for me
    While you aren't wrong, it does feel weird that someone isn't inspired to go back to it.  They may not even see those random updates.
        imo if someone gets 40 hours from a game (even at $60) then they've already gotten their moneys worth. The idea that every game should have thousands of hours of gameplay with practically unlimited content is why the industry is getting obliterated right now trying to convert everything into a GaaS model. To expect that from a small developer with a sub $10 million dollar game is especially ludicrous coming from a gamedev forum.
            I agree with you for most games but with this genre in particular games are supposed to be super replayable. There’s not a whole lot of depth to the game and the grind becomes unbearable like the dude said. It’s early access so I don’t think it’s that big of a deal right now, but it does need some more meat to it’s core gameplay.
One of the things that bugs me the most about Palworld is everyone trying to come up with complicated answers about why it's so popular.

It's so popular because it intentionally takes other popular games, files the serial numbers off, and packages them together.

It's not magic or clever. It's them making Dollar General Pokemon and a bunch of people thinking that sounds fun.
    This. It's that simple. To some of us, Palworld sales may feel like watching millions of grandmas buy a bootleg DVD copy of Ratatöing instead of Ratatouille at the thrift store... but to the poor gamers, they are so tragically starved for fun that Pokemon Fortnite Ratatöing is the best meal they've eaten in 20 years. God bless them 🙏
You can fight the legendaries catch them, beat the tower bosses and basically gotta catch em all?
    exactly and every boss can kited , every legendary can be kited, dodge shoot repeat, just be within the acceptable level range for it to not be too grindy.  
It is achievement hunter: the game, I don't think it's bad, but I also don't think it is unique and better from other similar games
        Or you can be locked in a small room with a tower boss with 200,000 hp, and you've only got 300 shots of a weapon that deals 50 damage per hit... The "story" bosses are bullet sponges, catch rates get disgustingly low, and the material cost of better spheres and ammo gets disgustingly high. It's all doable with strong pals, but this game is still in early access for a reason
            [deleted]
            I weirdly found the tower bosses to be the most enjoyable. It gave a reason for building better stuff and come prepared. It frames progression much better than "catch more stuff", by wandering to the next fast travel point. Having to balance pulling out your pals and recalling them to regenerate, while also being a DPS check was kind of fun, even if the boss AI was rudimentary and easy to deal with.

It kind of made me feel like that what the game was missing for me was the story progression of a pokemon game.
        Bugs/glitches aside the game does have a fun gameplay loop and that is all that matters for 30 bucks I was able to get more than 50 hrs of fun.
        And the progression also just isn't very well thought out. 

They give you flying way too early and it completely invalidates all other mounts. Like as soon as I got a saddle for my deer, I caught a flying mount and crafted its saddle.

So now all the fun and challenge of navigating the terrain is gone. The grappling hook is useless. No point in even making the saddles for water pals.
            The Fengelope ground mount is way better than most flying mounts until way later in the game
Yeah watching streams it just didn't look very good. Extremely shallow game play loop and shit graphics. The world seemed empty and dead, and I love Pokemon. 

Not for me.
    For me personally, the entire point of what makes Pokemon enjoyable is the tone: it's a lovely happy little world where people and weird magical monsters live together side-by-side in harmony. It's a romanticized, idealized world. It holds up a mirror to the IRL shithole that we live in, and shows something that could be better. It's a series interwoven with hopes and dreams for a better world.  There's this underlying philosophy that governs the Pokemon games, and it shows through in the interactions with NPCs, the world design, the game design. 

Throwing guns and slave labor and factory style survival crafting into that recipe just... Feels like taking a nice bowl of Fruit Loops and shitting into it. I just can't bring myself to try a taste, knowing in advance I won't like it. I say this as someone who likes both edgy grimdark stuff, and cutesy wholesome stuff. There's good ways to mix the two together, and tons of games that have succeeded at doing exactly that ("Cult of the Lamb" is the most recent first of many which comes to mind) but... Palworld just isn't to my taste, I guess.
Ah yeah once you hit the endgame the 30$ game isn't fun, how awful.

edit: /s, thought that was extremely obvious.
    Yeah how dare they release and early access game without having the full endgame content ready.
The game wouldn't be fun without its core gameplay aspect of Pals?  Who knew?
    It's not just that it's a mechanic of interacting with NPCs that you can recruit. It's specifically because they're knock-off Pokemon, which is significant. It's rare to be successful on the back of just being a knock off of popular things with a slight twist; look at all the attempts to make a Sims clone.
        Basically. It's the visual aesthetic of the pals. Switch that out with anything else, and it would not be nearly as popular.
            [deleted]
                PalWorld sold what Ark: Survival Evolved sold in less than a week. Ark is popular, but it's also kind of niche. You're proving my point for me. 

Everyone calls Palworld "Pokémon with guns," but "Ark with Pokémon" is a much better description. The only differences that I see other than the art style is taming is much easier, you can tame everything (in ark certain creatures could not be tamed like bosses and cave creatures) and the job system is more fleshed out.

Not being a buggy shit show also helps. From what I've seen, Palworld released with fewer bugs in early access than Ark had when they released the remaster.
                    you cant catch tower bosses
    If they were just random animals or creatures, instead of very obvious Pokemon style tropes, no.  Even if all the other gameplay aspects were the same.
        I wouldn't care at all if they were directly ripping Pokemon aesthetics, but honestly it feels pretty distinct from both show, sprite and 3d Pokemon games. It's a lot more more "generic animu creature friends" than Pokemon visually, though conceptually it's absolutely working with the same super basic blueprint of "thing + element + ask a 6 year old to draw it"
Indeed, Nintendo's years of low effort Pokemon cashgrab farming finally caught up to them and lead to Palworld's success. Took way too long to happen, but it was inevitable. Funny part (or sad, depending on how you look at it) is that it got one upped by another low effort game lol.
    It didn't really catch up to them. Their games are still really popular. They sell tons of copies.

Maybe you could say it did if they take a big hit for their next version, but this far it's actually worked really well for them.
        the last one took a hit
            Took a hit? Scarlet/Violet have sold 23.2 million copies, that makes them the fourth best selling generation of Pokemon games ever and at the rate it's selling it will likely become second or third best selling ever before the next games come out.
Scarlet and Violet is literally exactly that, it’s a 3D open world game. It just looks and runs like ass on the Switch.
    And the story is ass, and there are too many cutscenes, and they keep cramming every game full of hollow "legendary" and event pokemon, and there's always some half-baked gimmick, and they keep forgetting that maybe some players want postgame content.

Pokemon Infinite Fusion shows how much more polish could go into pokemon, if they cared to reconsider their gameplay direction decisions
Was that not literally Arceus a couple years ago? It was fairly well received too iirc
    Comparatively you can't do much in the "open" world of Arceus. It's very static/instanced. I think the crafting and loving in the world elements as a lot of what people were looking for.
yeah like i dont get how people love first person shooter....just remove the guns and its so boring amarite ?
That's because open world survival crafting games aren't ***fun.*** They're homework. Chores. 

There's not a goddamn soul that could look me straight in the eyes and tell me spending 10 minutes punching rocks is fun.
    I don’t know if it’s fun, but it’s very zen-like. I enjoy the gathering aspect of games.
    If you're punching more than one or two rocks, you're doing it wrong. The whole point is to climb a tech ladder
but we also have another "pokemon aspect" games which not as successful as Palworld.
Back in highschool my photography class we were visited by a famous photographer and his most popular photograph and the one that won the most money had a rainbow sunray/glare perfectly placed.  He hated it.  He damaged his camera lens and water had caused mould to grow on the glass.  His best work was fluke and had nothing to do with his skills as a photographer.
I honestly made this thread because I see so many people who spend literal years working on an insanely technically complicated idea that's simply not interesting, then release it, get near 0 players and go here to wail about how cruel gamedev market is and how it's 100% luck. Fun is king. More people need to realize it.
    I get what you are saying but gamedev market can still be cruel and luck based. What I mean is that games can be fun and not successful at the same time too and that is true for a lot of games. Finding the fun for the correct audience is difficult too.
    Absolutely.
The entire industry hinges on "make a fun prototype". It's that easy, and also that hard. Finding the fun is literally the only problem, some understand this but many get lost in the weeds of everything else. All AAA can do is throw money at the problem, if they can't find the fun it's moot.


Make prototypes, people. The sooner you have a "thing" you can hand to someone and get feedback, the better. And if 90% end up in the trash, that's why you prototype. It's finding and making luck as much as fun: the right idea, at the right time, in the right hands. "The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world." -GMan
>  I dunno about your claim of default Unreal assets being used.


Because who the fuck cares?  If it’s some default texture for a rock, default trees or even default chests… that doesn’t impact the gameplay. 

I care more about stuff like depresso having specific mining animations, etc.
    It's hilarious how much he hates everything but hes the best worker on the team lol
People saw a glitch filled bugfest with bad graphics in pokemon and decided that a different glitches filled bugfest with bad graphics was better because it's $50 cheaper and has guns

There's no big marketing mystery or lesson to be learned here.
Is it just survivorship bias or are gamedevs the type of people to dislike those types of games?
    Survival-crafting games are generally very systems-heavy with little to no story or narrative guidance (often being quite the opposite - procedurally generated and ambiguous.) You give the player a world full of systems and just let it run.

In my experience, most modern game designers are very narrative-focused to the point some I've known just come off to me as wannabe writers. A lot of emphasis on set-pieces and "experiences".

Of course, both systems and experiences are important in game design with one or the other taking the spotlight depending on the genre, but in my opinion the average professional game designer's skillset is extremely lopsided toward the latter.

While there are many reasons for this, I think a simple one is that a narrative-driven portfolio or presentation is significantly more compelling than a systems-driven one. It's easy (and exciting) to convey a story or contained experience within a 15-30 second clip or presentation, it's hard (and boring) to demonstrate that you can design technically sophisticated and balanced game systems. Most design portfolios I've seen look more like art portfolios.
        This is an insightful comment, I agree a lot of indie game devs seem to have an intense focus on narratives but it's just one portion of the community, for every narrative focused game you have a "baba is you" or "Slice and Dice"
            The Baba-type devs tend to hang out in other communities though, like the thinky games discord. This community is kind of a warzone, with more experienced devs constantly yelling at newcomers that math is, indeed, important
    I will die on the hill that they're a fundamentally "lowest common denominator" core loop.

It's tricky to unpack without sounding pejorative, but if you look at gameplay loops as incentive structures: there's no easier way to create emergent pressure than giving players food and shelter requirements.

The hunter/gatherer/crafting mechanic is straightforward, evocative, and feels intuitive because it works just like basic human survival. But it's also, to use an extremely loaded term, a lazy mechanic.

You can very quickly and efficiently create engagement by dropping a player in a world with large *volume* of interactable objects, and giving them spinning plates in the form of survival meters.

It takes hours to punch enough rocks to craft a pickaxe, just so you can punch shinier rocks marginally more effectively. But you *feel* like you're making progress, even though the loop is (by design) heavily repetitious, if not outright tedious.

I'm generalizing here, but these kinds of incremental advancement structures toward arbitrary systemic goals are very similar to the serotonin-flooding tactics that mobile games use in their flashy, shiny onramps. 

By the time you realize that the survival loop is a mile wide and a puddle deep, you've already invested hours into the gameworld and thus feel a personal investment in the game. 

That's not to say that there aren't TONS of survival games that put their own spin on things, and iterate on these concepts in interesting ways! But it is, at its heart, a very easy core loop to build. There's a reason that the Early Access category on Steam is *flooded* with these kinds of games.

Putting aside the ethical issues of blatantly cribbing Zelda and Pokemon aesthetics (really, you capture pals with *spheres*?) Palworld could succeed on its budget by using extremely cost-efficient survival mechanics. I'm reading the tea leaves a bit, but it seems they reserved a large chunk of dev budget for the Pals and the lategame economy built around them—which is apparently the novel part of the game that actually has uniquely articulated mechanics. 

Using a "lowest common denominator" strategy here let them dangle the shiny object of Pokemon-with-guns, while standing on the shoulders of a tried-and-true loop. It's just the easiest way to generate hours of engagement with a fundamentally cheap and easily replicable design.

You could make the argument that this is a fairly elitist line of reasoning—I think that's the whole point of this thread. What's fun is fun, even if it's recycled ideas. I think it was the right *strategic* decision for a (somewhat) limited indie studio to focus their resources in the right places. It's not a game I would ever want to make, though.

TL;DR - Survival mechanics let you generate a ton of content from a small portion of your development budget, even if very little of it treads new ground.
        Well call me elitist but you summarized my experience with survival craft games pretty well too. I just don't like them for keeping progression behind hours of repetitive, mostly busywork grinding by dangling a shinier carrot in the form of slightly faster grinding.
        But... But it takes less than a minute or two to permanently obsolete the food **and** shelter requirements. Survival games (The ones that don't immediately flop) are never about survival; they're about **progression**. They're all about the feeling of moving up in the world when you get that new furnace to make better metal for a sharper tool. That's why Palworld has four kinds of axe; even though you're done manually chopping trees before you reach the second. It's about trivializing what was once troublesome, so you tangibly feel the progress you've made.

> It takes hours to punch enough rocks to craft a pickaxe

I hope everybody understands this is a vast exaggeration. You're complaining about survival games *with pacing issues*; not survival games in general. The average decent Minecraft modpack, for example, typically has you managing the logistics of an automated facility - usually within the first twenty minutes.

I think the closest comparison is the much-studied power fantasy. Only instead of giving the player the feeling of *power* that they lack in real life, a good survival game gives players a feeling of *progression* that they lack in real life. You start a session building copper pipes to bring water to your greenhouse, and end the session building microchips for your hydroponics bay. Contrast this to other genres, where you start the session shooting zombies, and end the session shooting zombies
            Came here to make this point. 

It’s not about the mechanics or even the survival. It’s about the progression. 

All games have that sense of progression, if they work well. 

The games in the genre that fall flat? They tend to not have that. They just have the core loop and that’s that. 

Take the farming/life sims too. Even the ones playing it straight (like Farming Sim) have the sense of progression and growing player agency. You get bigger equipment and can harvest more and make numbers go up. 

Is that lazy? Maybe. But all good games do it. They need it. 

The early successes in the genre (Minecraft, Ark, etc) can get away with more of the “mine shiny rock to make better pickax to mine shinier rock,” progression because they innovated in other ways. 

And so too is the state now. Enshrouded innovates on the formula by plopping that system down in (basically) Breath of the Wild. 

But that’s the real takeaway - yeah, on the production side, we may know that the core loop is simplistic, but it doesn’t make it not work for players. 

It gives a sense of progression to moment-to-moment gameplay. It puts players in that feedback loop of engagement. 

Good design is about keeping players around moment to moment - and playing the long game. The best games do both. 

Palworld does it by having creature variety and the open world to explore. Even if it focuses around the moment to moment of craft grind.
Well you catch pals and put them to work. So the loop is do it yourself for a bit. Then make Pals do it. So then just catch pals and breed them to do better things. Then it is about catching as many as you can. Then breeding the rest. 

The tree cutting is like maybe the first hour. Then you just make pals cut trees while you go explore and catch pals.
I think thats partly why this game is a bit more palatable to a wider audience than something like ark. There are definitely some slower parts for materials/progression, but generally you can get the pals to do 90% of the grind work for you while you fuck around and battle stuff.
You can complete the game without personally punching a single tree, you just catch a pokemon and have it build a base
I think one of the reason why people like  palworld is because you can just leave the grinding stuff to the pals

You catch pals then they work on your base grinding, while Yo go out there exploring and fighting
Most games don't require you to punch trees all the time? It's about exploration and progression. And being able to mess around a shared world with your friends. It's a rare genre that accepts an arbitrary number of players who can hop on and off whenever they want. It's also not competitive, so anyone from a sweaty COD player to a mobile gamer can enjoy it together.
I don't think enjoyable is the definition of a good game. There are plenty of enjoyable games which are not good and plenty of good games which are not enjoyable. Enjoyable is a subjective metric, good is an objective metric.
Games are run by ideas(unless it's a triple A). I don't understand how someone can think they don't have value.
Yeah I don't think the quality of the gameplay is really the main factor here. It had to have *decent* gameplay, but most of the game's success comes down to its unique situation of knocking off a big franchise and doing it better/more interesting and viral marketing.
Quite a bit of the world design is inspired by Elden Ring as well.
Nobody cares if you spent 3 months optimizing your planet generation algorithm if there's nothing to do on those empty planets

That was an actual encounter with one of the devs on discord btw
    Like damn, dude. The guy worked for 3 damn months just to get that response. Just goes to show that people can be and will be mean on the world wide web whatever you do.
        Granted it’s a mean thing they needed to hear if their goal is to make a successful game.
>  Games in the olden days only had squares and lines. 

It's almost like technical accomplishments are relative lol.
Haven't hundreds of other games piggybacked on pokemon only to never gain traction at this point?
    Somewhat. The other games worked hard to distance themselves from Pokemon itself, had much much smaller budgets/teams, and basically no marketing at all. Also I don't know of a single one that was 3D.
They saw a market demand (open world with pokemon and guns) that nobody filled in, not even Nintendo. They did. Success.
    Unless they get sued. Japanese courts are pretty strict.
That attitude is why Pokémon hasn't been good since black/white 2
The core gameplay loop is "making progression by doing simple chore plus collection".

The game does not reward for creativity or planning (base building and automation is simple), nor skills (combat is just you or your pal spamming bullets).

So you're not wrong, it's "mobile game fun" but that's why it's successful like other mobile games.
wow we got an armchair unreal dev here my bro
Almost default third person character settings, the motion blur, the eye adaptation and those UI loading spinners and I've only been playing for an hour. Pretty sure there's more.
    It does not matter as you have mentioned the consumer does not give a crap if its using default setting, stolen assets etc. as long as the game is fun to play.
        Yes, that's literally the point I'm making in op. They don't give a damn. They don't know how a spinner looks in unreal engine. Only a dev would even notice it. Literally does not matter if you decide to use it instead of making your own stuff.
            I once saw a Twitter thread with gamedevs making fun of some AA game that was using the "Mixamo walk" for some animations. Even as a beginner gamedev I had no fucking idea what "Mixamo walk" was, and honestly didn't give a fuck when I looked it up.

As long as it looks good and not out of place in the game, I don't care if you spent a shitton of money for a mocap studio to do it, or if you took hours meticulously animating it by hand on Blender, or if you just took some stock animation in a library. *It's just a fucking character walking*.
                Wait until you hear about the guys who think using bought assets in your game is cheating and unfair. Talk about a vocal minority.
    Loading spinners? Yeah right.
It's Pokemon + 'that other game you really loved'.

For some that game is Breath of the Wild, for others it's Ark, Conan, RimWorld, Genshin, Fortnite, Dwarf Fortress, RimWorld etc.

A lot of people overlook how many games they managed to ~~rip off~~ creatively combine into something where the whole is bigger than the sum of its part.
Imo minecraft does have impressive tech and good visuals
Yeah, just a regular indie with a 7 million dollar budget.
    I think any studio under 25 people these days is called indie. I'd say 5 is the max I'd call indie though.

In any case, palworld has ~50 people.

https://www.pocketpair.jp/palworld/palworld-credit
        When you saw Dave the diver got nominated as indie game, "indie game" lost its meaning long ago.
    They started with very few people and managed to self-fund their 2nd Steam game with profits from the first one. They were successful at scaling up, but it doesn't get much more indie than that.
    That is literally an indie tier budget.
Well yes they do matter... a lot. Let's not underestimate graphics. Even Minecraft had a unique art style and visual feel when it was released
But Minecraft does look good
This 100%. Art is expensive and is easy to fall into the sunk-cost fallacy.
I mean personally I just saw a youtube video of someone showing their base and thought "that looks fun" and then tried to play it and wound up staying up till 3 AM several nights in a row cuz I got absolutely lost in it
Haha. Good one. Creature collector games are definitely around and many of them are great. Monster Sanctuary, Siralim, Coromon and Cassette Beasts just to name a few. Perhaps people should do a quick Google search before claiming a monopolistic genre and using that as credit to a generic EA game.
There's also Dragon Warrior Monsters, but they've been screwing up just as badly as gamefreak (And for the few in the series that were decent, literally just not releasing them outside Japan)
There was a decent number of other attempts, mostly indie.  To say no one else was making them is a damn [lie](https://www.gamespot.com/gallery/best-creature-collecting-games-like-pokemon/2900-4245/).   

No one else has done this good, that's for sure. 

Hell there's a Pocket monster style mini game in Like a Dragon Infinite Wealth.
Why is giving people what they want a bad thing?

This outlook is very much a part of the problem on both indie and AAA sides, we shouldn’t be trying to dictate terms of what consumers _should_ want rather than giving them what they _actually_ want.
Because a solid artistic direction and good designs take time and effort... their goal is not to make art, clearly, but to make a product which will sell and they clearly succeeded at that
Honestly that’s what most likely helped it reach such heights. It’s basically as if it’s a Pokémon game, which always sell well.

Personally I feel a bit ick looking at it. It’s one thing to be inspired, another to be a near copy of the designs
That’s why it’s popular. People like to see their favourite Pokémon with guns.
If you want to clone pokemons you they look more like pokemon if you clone the specific pokemons.

They where not allowed to use uncloned pokemons for legal reasons.
Had they not copied the originals, you wouldn't even know Palworld exists, i promise you. That's why they did it.
Read the whole post before making assumptions that that someone doesn’t like the game
So why is it not a "good" game then?

Most indie games are low quality shite, it doesn't stop them being fun and qualitatively "good".

Just because you and me dont like it it doesn't mean its not good.
    I believe the post is critiquing how many people on this sub approach others' projects due to not being "good" because it has generic assets etc., while these games show that that is a flawed definition
        It's actually insane how many people seem to genuinely think I hated this game because I said how it doesn't fit the conventional "quality" standards in the first paragraph. A little concerning.
            Junk food isn't healthy. It still tastes good.

I think that's probably a better analogy. Palworld gives the players what they want, and it's been rewarded heavily for doing so.

It's like the entire gaming community is getting cake for the first time in years. Not gonna win an award for originality, creativity, or technical mastery - but the devs openly said they didn't care about any of that. They just wanted to make a game that's fun.
            It proves your point. It's fascinating.
            Many many people on reddit lack reading comprehension.
                Many people on the whole planet lack reading comprehension. Or verbal comprehension, or any kind of comprehension really. Ignorance is incredibly frustrating, and it's everywhere.
                    [removed]
                The amount of times I've had to simply quote myself in response to random replies makes me think it's not even a lack of reading comprehension, but is just the result of people skimming posts, picking out what they either agree with a lot or disagree with a lot, and immediately plunging into some diatribe that is completely irrelevant to the post because they didn't even really read the post.
                    Another issue is some people seem to take every post as a whine or a complaint, and every reply as an automatic disagreement.
                        Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
                    Hey, I just skimmed this post and was interested in joining your diatribe
                    Oh great, another fucking typical redditor accusing people of not being able to read and thinking they're better than everyone. You're everything that's wrong with the American school system, I bet your parents didn't read to you when you were a kid. Let me guess, you went to a public school and you were one of the smartest kids in your class so you think you're one of the most intelligent people in the country because you never pursued further education and now you work in a dead end job feeling like the smartest person in the room, talking to anyone who'll listen about how Andrew Tate is a genius and Trump is misunderstood. You pick your kids up from school and tell them they're being brainwashed by LGBTQ+ ideology and their friends' parents are all so tired of listening to you babble your nonsense at soccer games, your "real" friends have slowly drifted away from you and you convince yourself that it's because they're all too dumb to understand what you're saying. You're one step away from being a flat earther and your wife is looking for any excuse to divorce you, probably banging the other soccer dads while you're watching red pill videos on YouTube in your spare time. Story as old as time. Fucking Reddit neckbeards telling on themselves. Go outside and touch some grass.
                        10/10 fever dream
                Reddit actually rates pretty high on this scale compared to the rest of the internet.
                    I'm curious what the levels are across the board, I'd look it up myself but I don't know what terms I'd use
                    that means literally nothing. it's like saying "reddit actually ranks pretty high compared to the asylum for illiterate idiots"
                        Yes that was precisely my point.
                It has a reaction inducing title. Most users probably didn't even finish reading the first sentence that OP wrote.
                This is why they say a lot of Americans are illiterate. Yes, they **CAN READ** the words, but they can not comprehend them.  It always has to be literal and double meanings, context clues or metaphors blow right over the head of a lot of people.
            It’s because you started your post “criticizing” the game. And I’m guessing they didn’t bother to read the rest of your post.
            Reading hard.
            ...Because the title would lead people to believe, based on the way you wrote it out, that Palworld is not a good game. What you meant to say was, 'Palworld is not a well-made game'. But when you write 'Palworld is not a Good Game' as the title, and then go on to explain the game is fun and a good experience, the title is still 'Palworld is not a Good Game'. You have written it in a way that asserts that, even though Palworld is Fun and Unique and original, it is still not a good game. Even if that's not what you meant, that's how you wrote it. As concerning as it may be for you to have people coming to you with these claims, they are only doing so because you wrote it in that way.
    I think that of indie titles that reach that million sales threshold, they are far from "low quality shite." Stardew, Spire, Streets of Rogue, Vampire Survivors, Brotato, Gungeon, Death Road, etc.

They're all extremely responsive, visually appealing, clear (mostly) of bugs, etc. Games like "Bottle Recycle Sumulator" (probably real) that are just shovelware made in a week are absolutely low quality and have the lack of sales to show for it.

Just don't think it's a healthy practice to mix the two into a pot as if they're equal.
    Yes, good is quotations because this sub seems to be under the impression that a "good" game is the one that has been worked on for a long time and into which a lot of effort was poured, but this isn't necessarily true.
        Tbf Craftopia was worked on much longer and it was basically the blueprint for much of this game. It's not exactly like Palworld *just* took them a couple of years to create. If you've played both, you'll understand how similar they are.
            This is very true and is what I've told some friends. I played craftopia quite a bit and it's certainly a blueprint. I can see how they iterated over it. Craftopia also was an iterated version of a previous game they released. It has taken them quite a few years to build this.
            Its funny because from what I recall, there are still some of the bugs from Craftopia. Or at least "features" from Craftopia. Take for example you can still mostly not use stamina when running by spamming crouch. It doesn't work as well uphill but it works extremely well going mostly straight and of course downhill. This was something I found in Craftopia as well.
        I disagree this game took them 3 years to make and the company almost went bankrupt while making it even if the inspiration for Palworld is too on the nose it does take time and effort to make a game that works.
            Yes, and the systems in Palworld didn't spring out of nowhere. Palworld is essentially the souped up and refined version of Craftopia, their previous game which is actually still in EA.
        Palworld was initially announced over 3 years ago and is still in early access, not to mention that it's built on the bones of Craftopia (seriously. They're extremely similar) which itself was developed over multiple years.
    This is the buggiest game i've played in over a decade by a huge margin. It is absolutely not typical for indie studios.

Edit: Also, they have a staff of over 50, so not indie anyways.
        What are you on about? Have you ever played Cyberpunk or Starfield?
            This is much buggier. Albeit this game fully states that it is in alpha so I am more willing to forgive.

I think the 2nd buggiest game i've played lately is KSP2 and it too was in alpha ... likely another 2 years before it is in a playable state.
                Absolutely not, my playthroughs of both of those games were much buggier than Palworld and I put around 30 hours in each. The development cost of both of those was around 30 times more expensive.
                I didn't even buy Cyberpunk until after it had been fixed up, but it was still buggier than I have seen from Palworld. I did get Palworld like a week ago, not on release day, so that is a factor, as they have fixed some shit already, but it isn't remotely as buggy as you are stating.
                > This is much buggier. 

I've played cp77 only after 2.0 and I still disagree. The bugs in palworld doesn't distract you from what it offers, while in cp77 they can get in the way heavily.
        Indie just means it’s self-published by a company that isn’t considered a publisher, no? It doesn’t really have anything to do with team size.
    Game is a buggy mess with lots of lag spikes. I got the corrupted save bug and had to start all over.

The gameplay loop is kinda shallow and I'm already bored of it. So yeah, it was a fun game with a cool premise and I don't regret playing it, but I wouldn't say it's a good game. Some of my friends are still playing it, but most I know have dropped it already.
        So if you said this about literally any AAA game to come out over the last 3 years, it would fit… except for Elden Ring and Cyberpunk 2077 after 2 years is finally a decent game, nothing groundbreaking tho

I think Baldurs Gate 3 isn’t AAA
    To be honest, lots of AAA games look like from 2015, and it's the same shit over and over again. Shitty indie games are at least trying.
        Assassin creed and far cry are two games that come to mind where it’s basically do the same thing over and over agin. Climb this tower take over the out post and reveal more of the map and repeat. Kill some animals get materials make stuff and repeat. Kill small targets to get the big target out and repeat.
            Yeah the gameplay in AC is very boring to me; the big selling point in them has always been the worldbuilding/setting/storyline. Which means there's quite a few in the series, especially more recently, that I just skipped entirely because the setting and story seemed bland and there's nothing else selling it to me beyond Fall Into Haypiles In Brand New Locations.
    > most indie games

"Experience a slow walk through symbolic lo-fi puzzle rooms. Learn to let go. Find true meaning in a world with no dialogue, only repressed trauma. Winner of the Gender-Nonconforming Electronic Music Composer's Association's (GNEMCA) honorable mention award for minimalistic 2-bit chiptune."

*title is either one random word like "Ergo" or a full sentence like "There are no dead here but our dreams."*
    Op is just sensationalizing for views on a Reddit thread.
Yeah. So many new games I see, I can't stop myself of thinking of them, "Oh, this is just like \[critically acclaimed game X\], that is still sitting unplayed in my library".

Some of my favorite games of all Times are still just some of the firsts of a certain genre I encountered with them.
Another part of this - it addresses what people *actually wanted* from a modern Pokémon release. 

A lot of the criticisms of the last current gen Pokémons? They’re not in here. And Palworld goes in a way that actually does modernize the formula. It *feels* like Pokémon *should* feel in 2024. 

A lot of the sale numbers prob are novelty and virality (and correlate with the player base attrition), but the people who bought it because they like Pokémon? They’ve largely stayed. 

Because Nintendo, for all the things it does well, is painfully slow to innovate on its own formulas (and rightfully so, unfortunately - we all remember the early hate BOTW got from Zelda purists).
Are you correcting his 10-year old?
    It's important to crush their spirit early
        Fuck that got me lol I just cackled so loud out of nowhere that I think I might have woken my toddler from his nap 😂
        Yeah last thing we want is them developing hopes and dreams

(Then get those crushed by reality. What a nice world)
    Lmao
    Yeah, because that 10-year-old is wrong. No reason not the correct them.
        it's a cartoonish third person game with gunplay, how is that "wrong"?
            Because you are defending an erroneous oversimplification. Like the previous reply pointed out, it is far more correct to compare the gameplay to Ark or Rust than to Fortnite. To say it is like Fortnite is wrong.
                No 10 year old gives a fuck if you are technically correct. They see a game with crafting and guns and they are also familiar with fortnite. It's not rocket science to see the connection.

LMAO.
                i think you are focused more on efficiency of comparison rather than correctness of comparison, and also erroneously calling lesser comparative efficiency/greater comparative distance "wrong". i think you are confused in doing that, because wrongness of comparison requires one thing: that the shared quality is not actually shared. they are shared, so you are wrong to call it wrong.

of course it would be more efficient to compare an apple to a pear and an orange to a lemon, but they're all rosids. but recognizing arguably minute similarities between apples and oranges is not the point here: the point is to recognize similarities between three games in a specific ten-year-old's repertoire in order to excite them into playing one of those games. which the ten-year-old has successfully done. i mean, you're not even denying the similarities are there! you just have a standard that there should be more similarities than made. which is fine, but the original comparison is not at all wrong.
                    Yeah, that's called "wrong" dude
This is very true!
It’s how most games are. They are all inspired and copying from each other and that’s what I love about games. Everything is a riff on another game and you can see the cool outcomes and the overall progression and divergences of game types and styles. It’s really fun to watch as I’ve gotten older.
    That's art in general. People should treat everything as more of a "conversation" and not get so worked up about how close two pieces of entertainment are.
        “There is no such thing as an original idea”
    "Everything is a remix"
    Yep. Starfield is literally Skyrim, Fallot 4, and No Man’s Sky combined. I love Starfield so much! Lol.
I'm going to make Call of Duty, with mechs. 
- Vince Zampella.


Titanfall was amazing. Titanfall 2 was even better. 
Bloodborne but with puppets (overly simplifying but you get the idea)

Lies of P was super good.
    Lords of the Fallen = Dark Souls X Blasphemous 

Steelrising = Dark Souls but French 

Enshrouded = Valheim X Breath of the Wild (I’ve legit described it as Legend of Zelda: Fungus of the Valheim)
"Last of Us but open world" - Days Gone pitch
Depending on the X and Y.
Exactly lol
Pokemon ..but with guns.
    I don''t even know if that is the best way to describe it...

Pokémon, but with modern game play seems more apt.
[deleted]
    yes and people play games way past their release date.
Wait, I thought BotW was BotW with [anime waifus](https://i.redd.it/l48ie3d59mq01.jpg)
    OoowOooo step-Link, what are you doing back there?
I think you are very correct.

I bought pokemon red on the day it was available.  I was a huge nerd, I knew it was huge in Japan, and I was one of the earliest adopters.  I spread the word and got my friends to play.  I never, ever considered playing things like Digimon, because they were just pokemon rip-offs to me.  What on earth could they offer that pokemon didn't offer?

The last pokemon game I bought was Shield.  It sucked.  I dropped it after about 20 hours.  It was just so... lacking.  I didn't care for it at all and was very disappointed.  But, I never asked myself that central question.  What on earth could a non-pokemon game offer me that pokemon didn't offer?  I had become so used to pokemon as the end-all-be-all of monster catchers I never even considered an alternative.  In many ways, I thought I had just grown out of the genre.  I certainly felt that pokemon shield simply wasn't for me, and I realized that future pokemon games would never be for me either.  They sell millions to children.  Why would they care about making a game that catered to adult me?

And now that I've played palworld... you're right.  I know now that I didn't grow out of the genre.  The new pokemon games just suck.  They're awful.  And after reading your post, you're right, I'm wondering what other monster tamer games are out there that might be as fun as palworld.
Already getting knockoff Palworld ads, like Dragon Monster Hunter Planet or something, wild how clones are just popping up overnight

Obviously they probably have no bones and are malware, but it’s there
    You might be referring to the dragon warrior monster series which is a monster taming game that dates back to 1998. Did many things before pokemon just never became as popular.
        There’s also Monster Hunter Stories - that’s basically Monster Hunter X Pokémon.
PUBG went the same way like lots of other "innovative" and "stylish" projects, it never expanded outside of its narrow idea. AAA companies didn't need to do much to pick it up and make it better. Plus Pub is full of hackers and they don't care. There is a hardcore base keeping that thing alive.

"Monster taming" is a specific implementation of the "collecting" gameplay , but here with friends. Plus there aren't many streamable, youth friendly implementations that have base building, adventuring etc. Most multiplayer games are either build for competition, have sbmm and other shit that nobody wants. Or are just plain out soft rpg loot skinnerboxes. Palworld does lots of things right other didn't even consider relevant.
exactly. They focused on the shit you'll notice. Leave the rest for later
    And by "focus", we mean throwing a significant portion of a $7 million budget at the problem.
Everytime I hear the word "Jank", I think of Martin Keary's video about Dorico (A musical notation software) and his infamous "Jankman". 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-3wEC6Fj_8
    jankman is still alive and kicking and i don't know how to feel about that

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/tFYkGyaXCw0
        You need to flip the switch to activate the tick box that activates the button! IT'S COVERED IN JANK!!!!! 

His videos have me rolling every time I see them.

"The bars, they stretch, the stretch really high. I tried to open the dialog box but it's covered in gore..."
I finally got the shotgun and the reloading animation is a nice touch
How are y'all getting them to fight? I literally throw my pal and it just stands there looking at the enemy while the enemy kicks my ass lol.
    Never had that issue myself but I mostly use pals that have ranged attacks. 
        None of my Pals attack. Range or up close lol. I've un-installed, reinstalled and everything. Xbox and PC. I think I'm just unlucky lol.

If I play with others my teammates even see that my Pals literally just stand there lol.
            If you press and hold ‘4’ in game you open a wheel with combat stances for your pal. I was in the exact same situation until I realized I had my pals set to ‘passive’ in every situation lol.
                Mine were still having that issue even with changing the stances 

I found a temporary workaround with some where if you started riding them (if they had that ability) and attacked who you wanted they would usually keep attacking the same Mon but it was never super consistent
            Has nobody told you that you set your pals aggression? Can’t remember the keybind but there’s a wheel that pops up and you select don’t attack, focus my target, or attack anything.
                I've done all that one both systems, they still just stand there. Tried all settings, nothing.
Idk what you people are on with this game.

The actual gameplay is awful- base building, colony management, combat, etc. Shit gets stuck or broken constantly. The animations are good enough to not notice them, as is the rest of the “polish” but then it feels like a polished turd that looks smooth and shiny but completely uninspired aesthetically and feels like ass to actually play. 

I’ve tried SO hard to like this game, I have no clue why it’s gotten this much praise. I feel like all the fans are AAA refugees that have never actually played a good indie game before.
    I play almost exclusively indies.

Palworld’s core gameplay loop of going out, exploring, fighting, and catching stuff is fun. The ancillary loops of base building and management are a mess but that doesn’t get in the way of enjoying the main loop for a lot of people myself included. If you try to play it as a base-building/survival crafting game first and a monster collecting/fighting game second then you’d be bouncing off the worst parts of the game.

There’s no other game out there that provides that kind of experience. Ark tried but is an even worse mess than Palworld despite nearly a decade of time to try to get it right. Arceus is plagued with technical issues and hampered by the hardware it turns on. Those are basically the only two games out there that have anything resembling the main loop of Palworld. 
        That’s the problem though, the base building, survival, open world crap is constantly getting in the way. 

Oh, you’re hungry, go cook. Oh you need to repair/restock go mining because your slaves are too slow.

I don’t disagree with your central thesis of ‘focus on your products stregths’. However this game is ok, and doesn’t go beyond that because it’s badly assembled, the guns and building and management are constantly fighting for my attention, in my experience at least. 

But ultimately: popular and good are not the same thing. When I heard of it I suspected it wasn’t for me, and normally I would have given it a pass, but hearing the hype I thought I should give it a chance. 10 hours in, I still can’t say I get it, but a sale is sale. Why does Pal world manage where others like Megami Tensei fail? Because it hit when people were getting sick of Pokemon, and then something that looks similar but with a couple of tweests comes along, that was enough to give it the initial momentum and then not being utter garbage was all it needed.

Marketing and timing is king. Everything else, including gameplay comes second. Welcome to the market baby!
    I'm basically restating what the other user said to you: it's not a good base building game, and neither is a good combat one. The base is there so you have a point of return for what you did outside. It just do them alltogether well enough to be engaging. With that said:

> I have no clue why it’s gotten this much praise. I feel like all the fans are AAA refugees that have never actually played a good indie game before.

This is actually not far off. It's a gacha game without  actual gacha gates.
There's plenty of care that went into Palworld too, even if it's rough around the edges. Many pals have unique animations for various jobs around base, for example.
Some people do care about these details. I also think it's great that developers are passionate enough to care about the minor things. It shows that they aren't just going through the motions and delivering a minimum viability product as a finished asset. If I had a video game studio I would want that developer on my team.
    Maybe, but I kinda see a problem when the game devs get excited about a "game they want to code/design" more than a "game they want to play".
        Well that doesn't describe GGG imo.
That's contradictory to the other commentors point though. These minuscule details are boring to talk about but if you play a game without them you notice it immediately even though you can't describe exactly what's missing. I had the same effect when I saw videos of Suicide Squad. It could be a fun game but it looks really really bad and I can't even explain why. There is something about the details of the textures that looks more like clay than a video game.
    Just look at how many posts there are about how cute some pals are e.g. Chillet/Cattiva/whatever. They have very expressive faces and moods and carefully crafted animations.

Yes, the game is a buggy mess, but it has all this polish in those places. The pals \*do\* feel alive, and its the "little things" like their work animation and facial expressions that really sell that feeling.
    I think this is the absolute key, it's to do with emersion and what that means in terms of the specific game/genre.

Issues with emersion are experienced exactly as you say "..really really bad and I can't even explain why". People don't need to know why something is off, or even what precisely is wrong, it's just a feeling of wrongness.

So I think the real message is a combo of what both you and the OP said - getting the things right (enough) that it helps maintain emersion for the player, and understanding as a dev what is outside the parameters of potentially emersion-breaking for most players, and thus not a core focus.

Pokemon S&V (at least at launch) being a good counter example where weird environments/animations/graphics broke player emersion in a similar type of game.
That’s because exilecon had multiple events going on at once. You couldn’t go to everything, so people prioritized the more exciting ones.
People do care about details, but the details they tend to care about are ones that often get skipped over by those sorts of meticulous people in favour of working on shit they *don't* care about.
You shouldn’t care how it is made as an end user as it is an engineering detail and was probably part of conference with other engineers about how to achieve the same technique (there is a lot of knowledge sharing in engineering and math circles), Not much meant for “normal” gamers to watch or as the audience I guess. Thats why the theater was empty. Should one care about the Fourier Transform on how to make ocean waves in a game? Not if you are a “normal” gamers at least. Know who the audience that is targeted at those technical conferences.
That's not true though. Nikke has terrible gameplay and is extremely successful. There's games with shit art but great gameplay that are successful too, like minecraft. Games with bad art and buggy like PUBG.

  
You don't need art, story, gamplay or anything else specifically to be good. You need one of the aspects to be good enough to carry the rest. Palworld and Minecraft doesn't need a good story. Nikke didn't need gameplay.
    I don't know what nikke is so I can't comment on that, but there's a difference between bad art and simplistic art. Minecraft isn't "bad" looking by any means

Frankly I'm not sure how the rest of your comment could be considered points either agreeing or disagreeing with my stance
        I feel like I missed your point the first time I read it. I was disagreeing that good gameplay is essential for a game to be a success, but I completely agree with your interpretation of "remember what a game is about as you're going along the process". All the good games I can think of double down on what makes them great instead of trying to be everything for everyone.

  
Edit: I don't agree that Minecraft looks good, there's other low-poly games I think look better like Risk of Rain 2. With that said, I can see how that's more of a personal opinion than fact. Not really worth discussing it further.
I take away the opposite lesson: When this gameplay loop was dressed up as a Minecraft clone with boring characters and animations, no one cared and it reviewed poorly (Craftopia). When this gameplay loop was set in an expansive open world with hundreds of detailed Pokemon-alike animals with unique animations and given some emotional weight, it sold millions and many loved it (Palworld).

The gameplay is really kinda basic here. It's the art and animations and emotional underpinning of fucking around with your morality that carry the whole game IMO.
I think that's a bit of misnomer. A lot of mainstream games are fun for plenty people but because they are mainstream they also hit the audience who doesn't find it fun. While for indies it's mostly the community that specifically searched them out because they enjoy that particular thing.
"Devs are lazy" 

Yeah you're not a gamedev, you're a gamer regurgitating conspiracy theories without any care nor understanding why their games are this way
Gamefreak is not lazy. Gamefreak is a billion dollar company that is not allowed to take risks anymore and must produce products on set deadlines. Much like FromSoftware, after a certain size you are not allowed to experiment. Your leeway for innovation is limited. Your career is no longer about making art, but about creating a product approved by a board of investors to hit large demographics and maximize profit margins. To call gamefreak lazy shows a massive ignorance of the game development industry.
    The quality of the pokemon games has gone down massively. Its insane that a company with that amount of resources doesnt do shit with said resources. They know they dont have to because people will buy there games anyway.
        They never fully adapted to the change from 2D sprite based games to full 3D modeled games and it shows.
    Lazy in the game design sense. They can't seem to understand what makes a good game anymore. The employees might work hard and they might experiment randomly but they clearly lost the flare for making games. Maybe lazy is a bit inaccurate but it's uninspired.
        That's fair. It can seem uninspired.
    They made Arceus, which was a huge step in the right direction... And then they stepped right back. Billion dollar companies are allowed to have bad management
        Arceus and Scarlett/Violet were being developed at the same time, so they didn't have time to learn anything from Arceus before releasing the next game.
            That is a fair point. If I had to bet whether gamefreak will actually learn something though, I know where I'd put my money
        A big part of that was testing software on a new platform

https://www.gameinformer.com/2024/02/09/persona-star-ocean-and-final-fantasy-developers-discuss-the-trend-of-remaking-classic
    Even from the perspective of a profit-focused entity, Gamefreak's management is highly reliant on the strength of the Pokémon IP, marketing to a vulnerable demographic, and TPCs other endeavours to cover their relatively subpar decision making.

Gamefreak's plan for the Switch is "just assume it fails" and didn't even bother to prepare for the possibility of it succeeding then scrambled to put a title together by 2019 in order to avoid jeopardising TPC's merchandising. They regularly make the kind of decisions that would sink studios.

You only need look at Disney to see how these kind of decisions with even a slightly older demographic can lose you hundreds of millions of dollars. And make no mistake Gamefreak have left a lot of money on the table over the years due to their managerial ineptitude.

I feel bad for the developers working under them having to work such tight schedules with reduced creative freedom only to cop abuse.
    So weird to bring From Software into this discussion as they made Elden Ring not two years ago.
        Yah I see what the guy is saying, but that’s definitely not an apt comparison lmao
    I disagree that fromsoftware doesn’t experiment anymore. Elden rings open world was a totally new game concept for them. Before that Sekiro is totally different than any other action game I’ve ever played

Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. Big developers can 100% change their development style while remaining successful. Saying otherwise is just an excuse for lazy developers
        > Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. 

Only because the series was under-performing. It was Nintendo's most expensive IP and sales were trending downwards.

Had Zelda consistently been doing 10 million with every entry I very much doubt they'd have felt the need to change it up.

Studios radically changing a series at the peak of it's success seems rare, feel free to throw counter-examples at me though.
    >to hit large demographics and maximize profit margins

Ah, and we have hit the nail on the head. The problem is the studios stagnate and become...\*drumroll\* lazy if there is no competition. 
You do what has worked previously. You recycle mechanics and models. But this only works so long. Competition takes advantage of your failure to innovate.

This might surprise people, but it's possible to do demographic research on creative concepts too.
        Nearly all the profit from Pokemon comes from merchandise. If they wanted to make money, they'd double their dev budget to squeeze out 20% more plushie sales. They focus more on the pokemon they have, and less on making new ones that dilute the recognizability of their trademarked designs.

Just because a rich person/company does something, doesn't mean it's smart
        This is incredibly dismissive of indie games like Temtem, Coromon, Cassette Beasts, Monster Sanctuary, and even non-indie games like Yokai Watch, the Digimon Series, or Shin Megami Tensei. Some of them have been around for years.
Have you played Legend Arcerus? Thats a good game imho.
Keep in mind switch is less than a modern mobile phone.
Never gonna happen. You’re *almost* there too. 

See, Pokémon is not just “a good ip” nooooo no no, it’s the most valuable media franchise of ALL TIME. Beating out Hello Kitty, Mickey Mouse and Friends, Winnie the Pooh, Barbie, the entirety of Disney Princesses (counted as a single ip), Star Wars, Marvel Comics, Mario, Shonen Jump, *fucking Lego* and many many other ips including Mario—which was the 8th most valuable media franchise of all time back in 2020.

Game ips don’t make the list, only Nintendo games do, actually only Mario and Pokémon. Not even Fortnite, Call of Duty, Halo, or God of War even come close to scratching that list. 

Nintendo and subsequently GameFreak own the most expensive and lucrative golden goose in human history—and being much smaller companies than other game devs like Microsoft and Sony (who sell more than just games) they don’t have the money or assets to protect Pokémon if they ever gave it up. They would be crushed by the wallets of much MUCH larger companies and lose their grip on their golden goose. 

When I say it’s the most lucrative golden goose in human history, just look at Mickey Mouse and Friend’s ip and Barbie and think about how long both have been around, and how Pokémon’s earnings dwarfed theirs in a fraction of the time. They captured lightning in a bottle and will never ever *ever EVER* give it up. 

Being a billion dollar asset doesn’t make Nintendo powerful, they’re still a small company in comparison to their main competitors Sony and Microsoft, and of course Disney who each will not hesitate to steal Pokémon if they could, because it’s really the only thing on their radar making Nintendo their competitor in the first place. 

And why does GameFreak not just… make a good game? Because they don’t have to, all they have to do to stay successful and competitive it hold onto their golden goose at all costs and let it keep printing free money, through trading cards, merchandise, and television. The games? Well, that’s just a side hustle for them at this point. 

They earned the tops spot of the most valuable media franchise in human history and did it light years faster than anyone else before or after them. They know exactly what they got and will NEVER give up an inch, because they’ll be eaten alive by much bigger companies with much more money and power if they even so much as allow another developer to feature a cameo. 

They don’t want a repeat of how they did Universal Studios dirty by stealing king king and getting actually away with it in court.
Palworld has more bugs and glitches and still has bad graphics, it's not better than pokemon it just has guns.
The *ones you've ever heard of* raked in 8-9 figures. That's only the peak of the iceberg; it's not a sure bet. 
    [deleted]
        Also note that "card battler" has a lower median than "roguelike deckbuilder".

Roguelike deckbuilder has an IRL equivalent and it's one of the classic MTG formats, [Booster Draft](https://www.channelfireball.com/article/Everything-You-Need-to-Know-About-Booster-Draft-MTG-Deep-Dive/47a4817d-3362-48bc-9b29-bbbb86ef5c4a/). Draft is a lot more popular than the constructed MTG formats. I don't get it myself, but it's a good data point.
        A newer data from 2023: [https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/](https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/)
A lot of them do fail though.
    Love it when I fail with 200k profit l, just like in the simulations
Reddit in a nutshell.. railing against popular things.
They're popular because they're popular. That's the extremely unpopular opinion I have about Dark Souls - everything about it screams "super niche game for a small dedicated audience of fans", yet here we are.
90% of self-proclaimed ~~game developers~~ have never released a game but still give advice based on nothing
    90% of this sub is hobbyists which is completely fine... Some others would do well remembering it tho, not everything in game dev has to end in you making the next GTA V
Niche can still be a lot of players. But would you say for example Moba players and FPS players are the same group?
    Now we're just discussing the definition of the word niche.
It’s still early access so it hasn’t failed to deliver on any of that potential.
"Games" criticism has been hobbled from the outset because we decided to call them... Games.

The first "Interactives" were games. So they were sold, rightly, as "Games".

But the artform has moved on since then. There are a bunch of interactive experiences. But the term "Game", has stuck, so no matter what kind of interactive experience a developer is making, it's saddled with concepts of rules and fun and play, because... because Games have those things. And we've needlessly folded "Interactive" in with "Game".

It's like if the first thing anyone ever painted was a Maze. And so we decided to call paintings "Mazes". And then 10 thousand years later half the world thinks the Mona Lisa sucks because it doesn't have a maze.
    Great point. I usually say something like this when defending Firewatch.

Maybe "engaging" is a better metric than "fun."
        Yeah, that's what I was getting from this thread too.
I kind of agree. the video game SOMA was never fun by any measure, even compared to other horror games with better movement/mechanics/flow, but its amazing nonetheless because the graphics and mechanics are okay enough and the story is mind blowing
    I think people often forget that fun is just a subset of "engaging" but for some reason most people like to talk about fun games rather than engaging games. The Witness, Soma, Eve Online, and Tarkov are not fun but they are an incredibly engaging experience for people that like those things.  


Also I think some people use fun to include the enjoyment they get out of playing the games I listed as well so I don't think we need to read too much into it. It's just a word people like to use and it is inaccurate.
        EVE is a great mention in this context. It *can* be fun--I had a few incredibly fun experiences in EVE back when I still played it--but most of your time with that game will most likely not be spent having fun. You're engaged, rapt even, you're very emotionally and intellectually invested in goings on and it takes a great deal of awareness and attention just to go most places in that galaxy let alone do anything there. But it's mostly "downtime" or travelling between the places where you do things, or downtime within the things that you do, and for the most part while not docked up somewhere you're hoping very much something "interesting" *doesn't happen* unless you're specifically out in a combat ship looking for a fight. There's a lot to like or even love about EVE, but "fun" in a way almost anyone would use the word wasn't very common in my own experience with the game even when I was still enjoying myself playing it.
Imho you're missing the point here. I have a lot of fun with bleak and dark Games, movies and books.

It's fun to me since I enjoy these. A definition of fun is very subjective. 

I hate Football games for example. Not fun to me. Make it become a parody with killing and fantasy and it becomes fun to me (blood Bowl)

Apparently a Pokemon game in Open world with a lot of other weird stuff in the mix is fun to a Lot of people.
    I think maybe "engaging" is a better term. Like, I didn't have *fun* reading 'The Road', but I was absolutely **engaged** throughout, and consider it one of my favourite books.
    "fun" is inherently tied with happiness, or joy, but art isn't inherently any of those. At the end of the day art is just a way for us to think about the real world in abstract ways, and that doesn't always mean fun
I think this is a different discussion entirely than what you replied to. Fun = good but good does not necessarily have to be "fun", because it can be interesting, thought provoking, emotional etc. So a case of not all rectangles are squares but all squares are rectangles.

If something is fun you can say that it is good! And you can analyze why it's fun in a critical review. In the case of Palworld there's a pretty ingenious web of features going on under the hood that work together to improve all aspects of the game.
Fun is very subjective. However, any book/movie/video game has to be, in its own way, interesting to be read/watched/played.
My standard for good game is basically fun.
    I just think that's a very silly stance. Many people here and online will shout about how video games are and artform. But then also hold the stance they can only be fun dopamine machines and nothing else. It's a strange example, but could a video game equivalent of Schinler's list exist? A emotionally painful game that educates the player on the atrocities of history. Where the player finishes the game and is moved by what they just experienced, or a game that encapsulates that mood or feeling. I think reducing games as a whole to only being fun to have any worth is silly.
        Of course it can. This War of Mine. Fun game. See?
Everyone's so afraid of coming off as a snob, they're training themselves to disregard their own taste. No, you do not have to like something just because it's popular. If someone is interested in making a good product that sells well, that can be distilled down to market research and data analysis. If someone wants your input on whether a game is "good" or not, they're probably genuinely interested in your artistic perspective.
Because people like u/NightestOfTheOwls want to be pretentious gatekeepers of the industry.
    Or because this sub always harps on about bugged releases, and never understands why studios release buggy games.
    Lmao the post is doing the opposite of gatekeeping. It's saying exactly what you're saying, Redditors really do not have reading comprehension.
The movie set out to entertain. It knows its "bad". If you were entertained then its a good bad movie.
If you kept up with the devlogs of Shadows of Doubt it's however evident that they put *a lot* of effort into the graphics, and it looks great. Just not into highly detailed assets, but most of all lighting and color, which are imperative in setting the mood of the game

There is definitely more jank in the game mechanically than there is to its visual approach.
I owned it for about three weeks now and there's already been one patch no idea what else they have worked on otherwise they added a hotel since launch according to YouTube videos I've watched
Arceus is was SUCH a breath of fresh air
you could read my comment as complimentary to the original
Really? When MW2 came out recently I had good fun with it. Yes it has a lot of elememts the are bad (monetization) but in general I don't really think most CoDs are BAD games, the market is just oversaturated with them.

MW3 was pretty damn lazy though.
millions qualify it as a good game, more than any other
Good luck with this line of reasoning. I tried to explain to Reddit that Skyrim is a "bad game" in the sense that's it's poorly designed and I got downvoted to death.  


The truth is that even gamers that have been around since forever don't really care about how well designed a game is. They just want to enjoy it. For some people that's Marvel movies, Skyrim, and Call of Duty. Hell, I do enjoy things sometimes that let me turn off my brain I just wish we could stop pretending things are good simply because they are popular.
    For literally 12 years people have been telling me Skyrim is a bad game. What I've come to learn is that lots of very vocal gamers refuse to recognize their own opinions and insist on labeling games as objectively good or objectively bad.

[¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯](https://xkcd.com/359/)
I don't think it looks like trash at all. It has a low-poly horror aesthetic that it executes very well.
    Not low poly necessarily but low res. Everything looks blurry because the game is rendered at under 720p and then upscaled, so it does look “bad”, but the stylization turns that into its aesthetic while also being very performant.
        Yeah, it's a great creative choice. I think it looks awesome. 

To me, a coherent, unique, interesting art design is more important than graphical fidelity. The goal is something that evokes a specific feeling, and it achieves that in spades.
Fair. I only played single player, where there were fairly few bugs.
> This is EASILY the buggiest release in ages.

"Janky dedicated servers with broken/missing auto-save and recovery" is not even approaching "buggiest early access game launch".

Fwiw I have absolutely just killed the server process, though I do actually save, and I've never had it fully reset. (100% believe that happened though)
The same world-deleting bug would also happen just by catching too many pals

Edit: Wait a minute, I know you
    Nah, they patched that within the first month of release. They have made a clear effort to crunch critical bugs like these, which I think just goes to show how on point this dev team has been.

Yall acting like BG3's early access release wasn't literally 6x worse.
Multi-player only I've had almost zero glitches on solo play except falling through the earth a few times which I've literally done in AAA games like cod or apex sooo eh fuck them for not perfecting the multi-player aspect on a early release?
Do you think only pop music is successful?
    Other music makes money so no, do i think its the most successful?  Yes.  Because only money made determines success. 

How is that not obvious
>why would any other metric matter?

Was Demon's Souls/Dark Souls worse games with worse ideas when they were still niche games? Was Fear and Hunger a worse game when it had only been played by hundreds of people for years?

It's a success when you are satisfied with what you made and it accomplished what you set out to do. If you set out to "make money" then yes, sales is the only thing that matters, but creators of all kinds have different motivations for creating. Telling stories, crafting experiences, sharing perspectives, entertaining... And when those motivations succeed they create the things that drives people to create in the first place. When "make money" succeeds where 80% of the designing process is done with market research it creates Palworld or live service grindathons. No one has to tell you how to live your life, but you probably shouldn't assume that it's the only way for anyone to live theirs.
    Demon souls and dark souls made money, so success.

Were they the most successful games?  No.  If they lost money, there wouldnt have been sequels.

So again, only money determined their success.  Who cares if the money came later.

Was Tommy Wiseau a success making The Room?  No, not until it became a cult classic years later and made money.  The guy even says so himself.
They meant level 40, but I’ve got about 40 hours in and I’m only level 37, so probably about the same time. I agree though. Even if I stopped now, game’s been more than worth for me
While you aren't wrong, it does feel weird that someone isn't inspired to go back to it.  They may not even see those random updates.
    imo if someone gets 40 hours from a game (even at $60) then they've already gotten their moneys worth. The idea that every game should have thousands of hours of gameplay with practically unlimited content is why the industry is getting obliterated right now trying to convert everything into a GaaS model. To expect that from a small developer with a sub $10 million dollar game is especially ludicrous coming from a gamedev forum.
        I agree with you for most games but with this genre in particular games are supposed to be super replayable. There’s not a whole lot of depth to the game and the grind becomes unbearable like the dude said. It’s early access so I don’t think it’s that big of a deal right now, but it does need some more meat to it’s core gameplay.
This. It's that simple. To some of us, Palworld sales may feel like watching millions of grandmas buy a bootleg DVD copy of Ratatöing instead of Ratatouille at the thrift store... but to the poor gamers, they are so tragically starved for fun that Pokemon Fortnite Ratatöing is the best meal they've eaten in 20 years. God bless them 🙏
exactly and every boss can kited , every legendary can be kited, dodge shoot repeat, just be within the acceptable level range for it to not be too grindy.  
It is achievement hunter: the game, I don't think it's bad, but I also don't think it is unique and better from other similar games
    Or you can be locked in a small room with a tower boss with 200,000 hp, and you've only got 300 shots of a weapon that deals 50 damage per hit... The "story" bosses are bullet sponges, catch rates get disgustingly low, and the material cost of better spheres and ammo gets disgustingly high. It's all doable with strong pals, but this game is still in early access for a reason
        [deleted]
        I weirdly found the tower bosses to be the most enjoyable. It gave a reason for building better stuff and come prepared. It frames progression much better than "catch more stuff", by wandering to the next fast travel point. Having to balance pulling out your pals and recalling them to regenerate, while also being a DPS check was kind of fun, even if the boss AI was rudimentary and easy to deal with.

It kind of made me feel like that what the game was missing for me was the story progression of a pokemon game.
    Bugs/glitches aside the game does have a fun gameplay loop and that is all that matters for 30 bucks I was able to get more than 50 hrs of fun.
    And the progression also just isn't very well thought out. 

They give you flying way too early and it completely invalidates all other mounts. Like as soon as I got a saddle for my deer, I caught a flying mount and crafted its saddle.

So now all the fun and challenge of navigating the terrain is gone. The grappling hook is useless. No point in even making the saddles for water pals.
        The Fengelope ground mount is way better than most flying mounts until way later in the game
For me personally, the entire point of what makes Pokemon enjoyable is the tone: it's a lovely happy little world where people and weird magical monsters live together side-by-side in harmony. It's a romanticized, idealized world. It holds up a mirror to the IRL shithole that we live in, and shows something that could be better. It's a series interwoven with hopes and dreams for a better world.  There's this underlying philosophy that governs the Pokemon games, and it shows through in the interactions with NPCs, the world design, the game design. 

Throwing guns and slave labor and factory style survival crafting into that recipe just... Feels like taking a nice bowl of Fruit Loops and shitting into it. I just can't bring myself to try a taste, knowing in advance I won't like it. I say this as someone who likes both edgy grimdark stuff, and cutesy wholesome stuff. There's good ways to mix the two together, and tons of games that have succeeded at doing exactly that ("Cult of the Lamb" is the most recent first of many which comes to mind) but... Palworld just isn't to my taste, I guess.
Yeah how dare they release and early access game without having the full endgame content ready.
It's not just that it's a mechanic of interacting with NPCs that you can recruit. It's specifically because they're knock-off Pokemon, which is significant. It's rare to be successful on the back of just being a knock off of popular things with a slight twist; look at all the attempts to make a Sims clone.
    Basically. It's the visual aesthetic of the pals. Switch that out with anything else, and it would not be nearly as popular.
        [deleted]
            PalWorld sold what Ark: Survival Evolved sold in less than a week. Ark is popular, but it's also kind of niche. You're proving my point for me. 

Everyone calls Palworld "Pokémon with guns," but "Ark with Pokémon" is a much better description. The only differences that I see other than the art style is taming is much easier, you can tame everything (in ark certain creatures could not be tamed like bosses and cave creatures) and the job system is more fleshed out.

Not being a buggy shit show also helps. From what I've seen, Palworld released with fewer bugs in early access than Ark had when they released the remaster.
                you cant catch tower bosses
If they were just random animals or creatures, instead of very obvious Pokemon style tropes, no.  Even if all the other gameplay aspects were the same.
    I wouldn't care at all if they were directly ripping Pokemon aesthetics, but honestly it feels pretty distinct from both show, sprite and 3d Pokemon games. It's a lot more more "generic animu creature friends" than Pokemon visually, though conceptually it's absolutely working with the same super basic blueprint of "thing + element + ask a 6 year old to draw it"
It didn't really catch up to them. Their games are still really popular. They sell tons of copies.

Maybe you could say it did if they take a big hit for their next version, but this far it's actually worked really well for them.
    the last one took a hit
        Took a hit? Scarlet/Violet have sold 23.2 million copies, that makes them the fourth best selling generation of Pokemon games ever and at the rate it's selling it will likely become second or third best selling ever before the next games come out.
And the story is ass, and there are too many cutscenes, and they keep cramming every game full of hollow "legendary" and event pokemon, and there's always some half-baked gimmick, and they keep forgetting that maybe some players want postgame content.

Pokemon Infinite Fusion shows how much more polish could go into pokemon, if they cared to reconsider their gameplay direction decisions
Comparatively you can't do much in the "open" world of Arceus. It's very static/instanced. I think the crafting and loving in the world elements as a lot of what people were looking for.
I don’t know if it’s fun, but it’s very zen-like. I enjoy the gathering aspect of games.
If you're punching more than one or two rocks, you're doing it wrong. The whole point is to climb a tech ladder
I get what you are saying but gamedev market can still be cruel and luck based. What I mean is that games can be fun and not successful at the same time too and that is true for a lot of games. Finding the fun for the correct audience is difficult too.
Absolutely.
The entire industry hinges on "make a fun prototype". It's that easy, and also that hard. Finding the fun is literally the only problem, some understand this but many get lost in the weeds of everything else. All AAA can do is throw money at the problem, if they can't find the fun it's moot.


Make prototypes, people. The sooner you have a "thing" you can hand to someone and get feedback, the better. And if 90% end up in the trash, that's why you prototype. It's finding and making luck as much as fun: the right idea, at the right time, in the right hands. "The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world." -GMan
It's hilarious how much he hates everything but hes the best worker on the team lol
Survival-crafting games are generally very systems-heavy with little to no story or narrative guidance (often being quite the opposite - procedurally generated and ambiguous.) You give the player a world full of systems and just let it run.

In my experience, most modern game designers are very narrative-focused to the point some I've known just come off to me as wannabe writers. A lot of emphasis on set-pieces and "experiences".

Of course, both systems and experiences are important in game design with one or the other taking the spotlight depending on the genre, but in my opinion the average professional game designer's skillset is extremely lopsided toward the latter.

While there are many reasons for this, I think a simple one is that a narrative-driven portfolio or presentation is significantly more compelling than a systems-driven one. It's easy (and exciting) to convey a story or contained experience within a 15-30 second clip or presentation, it's hard (and boring) to demonstrate that you can design technically sophisticated and balanced game systems. Most design portfolios I've seen look more like art portfolios.
    This is an insightful comment, I agree a lot of indie game devs seem to have an intense focus on narratives but it's just one portion of the community, for every narrative focused game you have a "baba is you" or "Slice and Dice"
        The Baba-type devs tend to hang out in other communities though, like the thinky games discord. This community is kind of a warzone, with more experienced devs constantly yelling at newcomers that math is, indeed, important
I will die on the hill that they're a fundamentally "lowest common denominator" core loop.

It's tricky to unpack without sounding pejorative, but if you look at gameplay loops as incentive structures: there's no easier way to create emergent pressure than giving players food and shelter requirements.

The hunter/gatherer/crafting mechanic is straightforward, evocative, and feels intuitive because it works just like basic human survival. But it's also, to use an extremely loaded term, a lazy mechanic.

You can very quickly and efficiently create engagement by dropping a player in a world with large *volume* of interactable objects, and giving them spinning plates in the form of survival meters.

It takes hours to punch enough rocks to craft a pickaxe, just so you can punch shinier rocks marginally more effectively. But you *feel* like you're making progress, even though the loop is (by design) heavily repetitious, if not outright tedious.

I'm generalizing here, but these kinds of incremental advancement structures toward arbitrary systemic goals are very similar to the serotonin-flooding tactics that mobile games use in their flashy, shiny onramps. 

By the time you realize that the survival loop is a mile wide and a puddle deep, you've already invested hours into the gameworld and thus feel a personal investment in the game. 

That's not to say that there aren't TONS of survival games that put their own spin on things, and iterate on these concepts in interesting ways! But it is, at its heart, a very easy core loop to build. There's a reason that the Early Access category on Steam is *flooded* with these kinds of games.

Putting aside the ethical issues of blatantly cribbing Zelda and Pokemon aesthetics (really, you capture pals with *spheres*?) Palworld could succeed on its budget by using extremely cost-efficient survival mechanics. I'm reading the tea leaves a bit, but it seems they reserved a large chunk of dev budget for the Pals and the lategame economy built around them—which is apparently the novel part of the game that actually has uniquely articulated mechanics. 

Using a "lowest common denominator" strategy here let them dangle the shiny object of Pokemon-with-guns, while standing on the shoulders of a tried-and-true loop. It's just the easiest way to generate hours of engagement with a fundamentally cheap and easily replicable design.

You could make the argument that this is a fairly elitist line of reasoning—I think that's the whole point of this thread. What's fun is fun, even if it's recycled ideas. I think it was the right *strategic* decision for a (somewhat) limited indie studio to focus their resources in the right places. It's not a game I would ever want to make, though.

TL;DR - Survival mechanics let you generate a ton of content from a small portion of your development budget, even if very little of it treads new ground.
    Well call me elitist but you summarized my experience with survival craft games pretty well too. I just don't like them for keeping progression behind hours of repetitive, mostly busywork grinding by dangling a shinier carrot in the form of slightly faster grinding.
    But... But it takes less than a minute or two to permanently obsolete the food **and** shelter requirements. Survival games (The ones that don't immediately flop) are never about survival; they're about **progression**. They're all about the feeling of moving up in the world when you get that new furnace to make better metal for a sharper tool. That's why Palworld has four kinds of axe; even though you're done manually chopping trees before you reach the second. It's about trivializing what was once troublesome, so you tangibly feel the progress you've made.

> It takes hours to punch enough rocks to craft a pickaxe

I hope everybody understands this is a vast exaggeration. You're complaining about survival games *with pacing issues*; not survival games in general. The average decent Minecraft modpack, for example, typically has you managing the logistics of an automated facility - usually within the first twenty minutes.

I think the closest comparison is the much-studied power fantasy. Only instead of giving the player the feeling of *power* that they lack in real life, a good survival game gives players a feeling of *progression* that they lack in real life. You start a session building copper pipes to bring water to your greenhouse, and end the session building microchips for your hydroponics bay. Contrast this to other genres, where you start the session shooting zombies, and end the session shooting zombies
        Came here to make this point. 

It’s not about the mechanics or even the survival. It’s about the progression. 

All games have that sense of progression, if they work well. 

The games in the genre that fall flat? They tend to not have that. They just have the core loop and that’s that. 

Take the farming/life sims too. Even the ones playing it straight (like Farming Sim) have the sense of progression and growing player agency. You get bigger equipment and can harvest more and make numbers go up. 

Is that lazy? Maybe. But all good games do it. They need it. 

The early successes in the genre (Minecraft, Ark, etc) can get away with more of the “mine shiny rock to make better pickax to mine shinier rock,” progression because they innovated in other ways. 

And so too is the state now. Enshrouded innovates on the formula by plopping that system down in (basically) Breath of the Wild. 

But that’s the real takeaway - yeah, on the production side, we may know that the core loop is simplistic, but it doesn’t make it not work for players. 

It gives a sense of progression to moment-to-moment gameplay. It puts players in that feedback loop of engagement. 

Good design is about keeping players around moment to moment - and playing the long game. The best games do both. 

Palworld does it by having creature variety and the open world to explore. Even if it focuses around the moment to moment of craft grind.
Like damn, dude. The guy worked for 3 damn months just to get that response. Just goes to show that people can be and will be mean on the world wide web whatever you do.
    Granted it’s a mean thing they needed to hear if their goal is to make a successful game.
Somewhat. The other games worked hard to distance themselves from Pokemon itself, had much much smaller budgets/teams, and basically no marketing at all. Also I don't know of a single one that was 3D.
Unless they get sued. Japanese courts are pretty strict.
It does not matter as you have mentioned the consumer does not give a crap if its using default setting, stolen assets etc. as long as the game is fun to play.
    Yes, that's literally the point I'm making in op. They don't give a damn. They don't know how a spinner looks in unreal engine. Only a dev would even notice it. Literally does not matter if you decide to use it instead of making your own stuff.
        I once saw a Twitter thread with gamedevs making fun of some AA game that was using the "Mixamo walk" for some animations. Even as a beginner gamedev I had no fucking idea what "Mixamo walk" was, and honestly didn't give a fuck when I looked it up.

As long as it looks good and not out of place in the game, I don't care if you spent a shitton of money for a mocap studio to do it, or if you took hours meticulously animating it by hand on Blender, or if you just took some stock animation in a library. *It's just a fucking character walking*.
            Wait until you hear about the guys who think using bought assets in your game is cheating and unfair. Talk about a vocal minority.
Loading spinners? Yeah right.
I think any studio under 25 people these days is called indie. I'd say 5 is the max I'd call indie though.

In any case, palworld has ~50 people.

https://www.pocketpair.jp/palworld/palworld-credit
    When you saw Dave the diver got nominated as indie game, "indie game" lost its meaning long ago.
They started with very few people and managed to self-fund their 2nd Steam game with profits from the first one. They were successful at scaling up, but it doesn't get much more indie than that.
That is literally an indie tier budget.
I believe the post is critiquing how many people on this sub approach others' projects due to not being "good" because it has generic assets etc., while these games show that that is a flawed definition
    It's actually insane how many people seem to genuinely think I hated this game because I said how it doesn't fit the conventional "quality" standards in the first paragraph. A little concerning.
        Junk food isn't healthy. It still tastes good.

I think that's probably a better analogy. Palworld gives the players what they want, and it's been rewarded heavily for doing so.

It's like the entire gaming community is getting cake for the first time in years. Not gonna win an award for originality, creativity, or technical mastery - but the devs openly said they didn't care about any of that. They just wanted to make a game that's fun.
        It proves your point. It's fascinating.
        Many many people on reddit lack reading comprehension.
            Many people on the whole planet lack reading comprehension. Or verbal comprehension, or any kind of comprehension really. Ignorance is incredibly frustrating, and it's everywhere.
                [removed]
            The amount of times I've had to simply quote myself in response to random replies makes me think it's not even a lack of reading comprehension, but is just the result of people skimming posts, picking out what they either agree with a lot or disagree with a lot, and immediately plunging into some diatribe that is completely irrelevant to the post because they didn't even really read the post.
                Another issue is some people seem to take every post as a whine or a complaint, and every reply as an automatic disagreement.
                    Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
                Hey, I just skimmed this post and was interested in joining your diatribe
                Oh great, another fucking typical redditor accusing people of not being able to read and thinking they're better than everyone. You're everything that's wrong with the American school system, I bet your parents didn't read to you when you were a kid. Let me guess, you went to a public school and you were one of the smartest kids in your class so you think you're one of the most intelligent people in the country because you never pursued further education and now you work in a dead end job feeling like the smartest person in the room, talking to anyone who'll listen about how Andrew Tate is a genius and Trump is misunderstood. You pick your kids up from school and tell them they're being brainwashed by LGBTQ+ ideology and their friends' parents are all so tired of listening to you babble your nonsense at soccer games, your "real" friends have slowly drifted away from you and you convince yourself that it's because they're all too dumb to understand what you're saying. You're one step away from being a flat earther and your wife is looking for any excuse to divorce you, probably banging the other soccer dads while you're watching red pill videos on YouTube in your spare time. Story as old as time. Fucking Reddit neckbeards telling on themselves. Go outside and touch some grass.
                    10/10 fever dream
            Reddit actually rates pretty high on this scale compared to the rest of the internet.
                I'm curious what the levels are across the board, I'd look it up myself but I don't know what terms I'd use
                that means literally nothing. it's like saying "reddit actually ranks pretty high compared to the asylum for illiterate idiots"
                    Yes that was precisely my point.
            It has a reaction inducing title. Most users probably didn't even finish reading the first sentence that OP wrote.
            This is why they say a lot of Americans are illiterate. Yes, they **CAN READ** the words, but they can not comprehend them.  It always has to be literal and double meanings, context clues or metaphors blow right over the head of a lot of people.
        It’s because you started your post “criticizing” the game. And I’m guessing they didn’t bother to read the rest of your post.
        Reading hard.
        ...Because the title would lead people to believe, based on the way you wrote it out, that Palworld is not a good game. What you meant to say was, 'Palworld is not a well-made game'. But when you write 'Palworld is not a Good Game' as the title, and then go on to explain the game is fun and a good experience, the title is still 'Palworld is not a Good Game'. You have written it in a way that asserts that, even though Palworld is Fun and Unique and original, it is still not a good game. Even if that's not what you meant, that's how you wrote it. As concerning as it may be for you to have people coming to you with these claims, they are only doing so because you wrote it in that way.
I think that of indie titles that reach that million sales threshold, they are far from "low quality shite." Stardew, Spire, Streets of Rogue, Vampire Survivors, Brotato, Gungeon, Death Road, etc.

They're all extremely responsive, visually appealing, clear (mostly) of bugs, etc. Games like "Bottle Recycle Sumulator" (probably real) that are just shovelware made in a week are absolutely low quality and have the lack of sales to show for it.

Just don't think it's a healthy practice to mix the two into a pot as if they're equal.
Yes, good is quotations because this sub seems to be under the impression that a "good" game is the one that has been worked on for a long time and into which a lot of effort was poured, but this isn't necessarily true.
    Tbf Craftopia was worked on much longer and it was basically the blueprint for much of this game. It's not exactly like Palworld *just* took them a couple of years to create. If you've played both, you'll understand how similar they are.
        This is very true and is what I've told some friends. I played craftopia quite a bit and it's certainly a blueprint. I can see how they iterated over it. Craftopia also was an iterated version of a previous game they released. It has taken them quite a few years to build this.
        Its funny because from what I recall, there are still some of the bugs from Craftopia. Or at least "features" from Craftopia. Take for example you can still mostly not use stamina when running by spamming crouch. It doesn't work as well uphill but it works extremely well going mostly straight and of course downhill. This was something I found in Craftopia as well.
    I disagree this game took them 3 years to make and the company almost went bankrupt while making it even if the inspiration for Palworld is too on the nose it does take time and effort to make a game that works.
        Yes, and the systems in Palworld didn't spring out of nowhere. Palworld is essentially the souped up and refined version of Craftopia, their previous game which is actually still in EA.
    Palworld was initially announced over 3 years ago and is still in early access, not to mention that it's built on the bones of Craftopia (seriously. They're extremely similar) which itself was developed over multiple years.
This is the buggiest game i've played in over a decade by a huge margin. It is absolutely not typical for indie studios.

Edit: Also, they have a staff of over 50, so not indie anyways.
    What are you on about? Have you ever played Cyberpunk or Starfield?
        This is much buggier. Albeit this game fully states that it is in alpha so I am more willing to forgive.

I think the 2nd buggiest game i've played lately is KSP2 and it too was in alpha ... likely another 2 years before it is in a playable state.
            Absolutely not, my playthroughs of both of those games were much buggier than Palworld and I put around 30 hours in each. The development cost of both of those was around 30 times more expensive.
            I didn't even buy Cyberpunk until after it had been fixed up, but it was still buggier than I have seen from Palworld. I did get Palworld like a week ago, not on release day, so that is a factor, as they have fixed some shit already, but it isn't remotely as buggy as you are stating.
            > This is much buggier. 

I've played cp77 only after 2.0 and I still disagree. The bugs in palworld doesn't distract you from what it offers, while in cp77 they can get in the way heavily.
    Indie just means it’s self-published by a company that isn’t considered a publisher, no? It doesn’t really have anything to do with team size.
Game is a buggy mess with lots of lag spikes. I got the corrupted save bug and had to start all over.

The gameplay loop is kinda shallow and I'm already bored of it. So yeah, it was a fun game with a cool premise and I don't regret playing it, but I wouldn't say it's a good game. Some of my friends are still playing it, but most I know have dropped it already.
    So if you said this about literally any AAA game to come out over the last 3 years, it would fit… except for Elden Ring and Cyberpunk 2077 after 2 years is finally a decent game, nothing groundbreaking tho

I think Baldurs Gate 3 isn’t AAA
To be honest, lots of AAA games look like from 2015, and it's the same shit over and over again. Shitty indie games are at least trying.
    Assassin creed and far cry are two games that come to mind where it’s basically do the same thing over and over agin. Climb this tower take over the out post and reveal more of the map and repeat. Kill some animals get materials make stuff and repeat. Kill small targets to get the big target out and repeat.
        Yeah the gameplay in AC is very boring to me; the big selling point in them has always been the worldbuilding/setting/storyline. Which means there's quite a few in the series, especially more recently, that I just skipped entirely because the setting and story seemed bland and there's nothing else selling it to me beyond Fall Into Haypiles In Brand New Locations.
> most indie games

"Experience a slow walk through symbolic lo-fi puzzle rooms. Learn to let go. Find true meaning in a world with no dialogue, only repressed trauma. Winner of the Gender-Nonconforming Electronic Music Composer's Association's (GNEMCA) honorable mention award for minimalistic 2-bit chiptune."

*title is either one random word like "Ergo" or a full sentence like "There are no dead here but our dreams."*
Op is just sensationalizing for views on a Reddit thread.
It's important to crush their spirit early
    Fuck that got me lol I just cackled so loud out of nowhere that I think I might have woken my toddler from his nap 😂
    Yeah last thing we want is them developing hopes and dreams

(Then get those crushed by reality. What a nice world)
Lmao
Yeah, because that 10-year-old is wrong. No reason not the correct them.
    it's a cartoonish third person game with gunplay, how is that "wrong"?
        Because you are defending an erroneous oversimplification. Like the previous reply pointed out, it is far more correct to compare the gameplay to Ark or Rust than to Fortnite. To say it is like Fortnite is wrong.
            No 10 year old gives a fuck if you are technically correct. They see a game with crafting and guns and they are also familiar with fortnite. It's not rocket science to see the connection.

LMAO.
            i think you are focused more on efficiency of comparison rather than correctness of comparison, and also erroneously calling lesser comparative efficiency/greater comparative distance "wrong". i think you are confused in doing that, because wrongness of comparison requires one thing: that the shared quality is not actually shared. they are shared, so you are wrong to call it wrong.

of course it would be more efficient to compare an apple to a pear and an orange to a lemon, but they're all rosids. but recognizing arguably minute similarities between apples and oranges is not the point here: the point is to recognize similarities between three games in a specific ten-year-old's repertoire in order to excite them into playing one of those games. which the ten-year-old has successfully done. i mean, you're not even denying the similarities are there! you just have a standard that there should be more similarities than made. which is fine, but the original comparison is not at all wrong.
                Yeah, that's called "wrong" dude
That's art in general. People should treat everything as more of a "conversation" and not get so worked up about how close two pieces of entertainment are.
    “There is no such thing as an original idea”
"Everything is a remix"
Yep. Starfield is literally Skyrim, Fallot 4, and No Man’s Sky combined. I love Starfield so much! Lol.
Lords of the Fallen = Dark Souls X Blasphemous 

Steelrising = Dark Souls but French 

Enshrouded = Valheim X Breath of the Wild (I’ve legit described it as Legend of Zelda: Fungus of the Valheim)
I don''t even know if that is the best way to describe it...

Pokémon, but with modern game play seems more apt.
yes and people play games way past their release date.
OoowOooo step-Link, what are you doing back there?
You might be referring to the dragon warrior monster series which is a monster taming game that dates back to 1998. Did many things before pokemon just never became as popular.
    There’s also Monster Hunter Stories - that’s basically Monster Hunter X Pokémon.
And by "focus", we mean throwing a significant portion of a $7 million budget at the problem.
jankman is still alive and kicking and i don't know how to feel about that

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/tFYkGyaXCw0
    You need to flip the switch to activate the tick box that activates the button! IT'S COVERED IN JANK!!!!! 

His videos have me rolling every time I see them.

"The bars, they stretch, the stretch really high. I tried to open the dialog box but it's covered in gore..."
Never had that issue myself but I mostly use pals that have ranged attacks. 
    None of my Pals attack. Range or up close lol. I've un-installed, reinstalled and everything. Xbox and PC. I think I'm just unlucky lol.

If I play with others my teammates even see that my Pals literally just stand there lol.
        If you press and hold ‘4’ in game you open a wheel with combat stances for your pal. I was in the exact same situation until I realized I had my pals set to ‘passive’ in every situation lol.
            Mine were still having that issue even with changing the stances 

I found a temporary workaround with some where if you started riding them (if they had that ability) and attacked who you wanted they would usually keep attacking the same Mon but it was never super consistent
        Has nobody told you that you set your pals aggression? Can’t remember the keybind but there’s a wheel that pops up and you select don’t attack, focus my target, or attack anything.
            I've done all that one both systems, they still just stand there. Tried all settings, nothing.
I play almost exclusively indies.

Palworld’s core gameplay loop of going out, exploring, fighting, and catching stuff is fun. The ancillary loops of base building and management are a mess but that doesn’t get in the way of enjoying the main loop for a lot of people myself included. If you try to play it as a base-building/survival crafting game first and a monster collecting/fighting game second then you’d be bouncing off the worst parts of the game.

There’s no other game out there that provides that kind of experience. Ark tried but is an even worse mess than Palworld despite nearly a decade of time to try to get it right. Arceus is plagued with technical issues and hampered by the hardware it turns on. Those are basically the only two games out there that have anything resembling the main loop of Palworld. 
    That’s the problem though, the base building, survival, open world crap is constantly getting in the way. 

Oh, you’re hungry, go cook. Oh you need to repair/restock go mining because your slaves are too slow.

I don’t disagree with your central thesis of ‘focus on your products stregths’. However this game is ok, and doesn’t go beyond that because it’s badly assembled, the guns and building and management are constantly fighting for my attention, in my experience at least. 

But ultimately: popular and good are not the same thing. When I heard of it I suspected it wasn’t for me, and normally I would have given it a pass, but hearing the hype I thought I should give it a chance. 10 hours in, I still can’t say I get it, but a sale is sale. Why does Pal world manage where others like Megami Tensei fail? Because it hit when people were getting sick of Pokemon, and then something that looks similar but with a couple of tweests comes along, that was enough to give it the initial momentum and then not being utter garbage was all it needed.

Marketing and timing is king. Everything else, including gameplay comes second. Welcome to the market baby!
I'm basically restating what the other user said to you: it's not a good base building game, and neither is a good combat one. The base is there so you have a point of return for what you did outside. It just do them alltogether well enough to be engaging. With that said:

> I have no clue why it’s gotten this much praise. I feel like all the fans are AAA refugees that have never actually played a good indie game before.

This is actually not far off. It's a gacha game without  actual gacha gates.
Maybe, but I kinda see a problem when the game devs get excited about a "game they want to code/design" more than a "game they want to play".
    Well that doesn't describe GGG imo.
Just look at how many posts there are about how cute some pals are e.g. Chillet/Cattiva/whatever. They have very expressive faces and moods and carefully crafted animations.

Yes, the game is a buggy mess, but it has all this polish in those places. The pals \*do\* feel alive, and its the "little things" like their work animation and facial expressions that really sell that feeling.
I think this is the absolute key, it's to do with emersion and what that means in terms of the specific game/genre.

Issues with emersion are experienced exactly as you say "..really really bad and I can't even explain why". People don't need to know why something is off, or even what precisely is wrong, it's just a feeling of wrongness.

So I think the real message is a combo of what both you and the OP said - getting the things right (enough) that it helps maintain emersion for the player, and understanding as a dev what is outside the parameters of potentially emersion-breaking for most players, and thus not a core focus.

Pokemon S&V (at least at launch) being a good counter example where weird environments/animations/graphics broke player emersion in a similar type of game.
I don't know what nikke is so I can't comment on that, but there's a difference between bad art and simplistic art. Minecraft isn't "bad" looking by any means

Frankly I'm not sure how the rest of your comment could be considered points either agreeing or disagreeing with my stance
    I feel like I missed your point the first time I read it. I was disagreeing that good gameplay is essential for a game to be a success, but I completely agree with your interpretation of "remember what a game is about as you're going along the process". All the good games I can think of double down on what makes them great instead of trying to be everything for everyone.

  
Edit: I don't agree that Minecraft looks good, there's other low-poly games I think look better like Risk of Rain 2. With that said, I can see how that's more of a personal opinion than fact. Not really worth discussing it further.
The quality of the pokemon games has gone down massively. Its insane that a company with that amount of resources doesnt do shit with said resources. They know they dont have to because people will buy there games anyway.
    They never fully adapted to the change from 2D sprite based games to full 3D modeled games and it shows.
Lazy in the game design sense. They can't seem to understand what makes a good game anymore. The employees might work hard and they might experiment randomly but they clearly lost the flare for making games. Maybe lazy is a bit inaccurate but it's uninspired.
    That's fair. It can seem uninspired.
They made Arceus, which was a huge step in the right direction... And then they stepped right back. Billion dollar companies are allowed to have bad management
    Arceus and Scarlett/Violet were being developed at the same time, so they didn't have time to learn anything from Arceus before releasing the next game.
        That is a fair point. If I had to bet whether gamefreak will actually learn something though, I know where I'd put my money
    A big part of that was testing software on a new platform

https://www.gameinformer.com/2024/02/09/persona-star-ocean-and-final-fantasy-developers-discuss-the-trend-of-remaking-classic
Even from the perspective of a profit-focused entity, Gamefreak's management is highly reliant on the strength of the Pokémon IP, marketing to a vulnerable demographic, and TPCs other endeavours to cover their relatively subpar decision making.

Gamefreak's plan for the Switch is "just assume it fails" and didn't even bother to prepare for the possibility of it succeeding then scrambled to put a title together by 2019 in order to avoid jeopardising TPC's merchandising. They regularly make the kind of decisions that would sink studios.

You only need look at Disney to see how these kind of decisions with even a slightly older demographic can lose you hundreds of millions of dollars. And make no mistake Gamefreak have left a lot of money on the table over the years due to their managerial ineptitude.

I feel bad for the developers working under them having to work such tight schedules with reduced creative freedom only to cop abuse.
So weird to bring From Software into this discussion as they made Elden Ring not two years ago.
    Yah I see what the guy is saying, but that’s definitely not an apt comparison lmao
I disagree that fromsoftware doesn’t experiment anymore. Elden rings open world was a totally new game concept for them. Before that Sekiro is totally different than any other action game I’ve ever played

Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. Big developers can 100% change their development style while remaining successful. Saying otherwise is just an excuse for lazy developers
    > Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. 

Only because the series was under-performing. It was Nintendo's most expensive IP and sales were trending downwards.

Had Zelda consistently been doing 10 million with every entry I very much doubt they'd have felt the need to change it up.

Studios radically changing a series at the peak of it's success seems rare, feel free to throw counter-examples at me though.
>to hit large demographics and maximize profit margins

Ah, and we have hit the nail on the head. The problem is the studios stagnate and become...\*drumroll\* lazy if there is no competition. 
You do what has worked previously. You recycle mechanics and models. But this only works so long. Competition takes advantage of your failure to innovate.

This might surprise people, but it's possible to do demographic research on creative concepts too.
    Nearly all the profit from Pokemon comes from merchandise. If they wanted to make money, they'd double their dev budget to squeeze out 20% more plushie sales. They focus more on the pokemon they have, and less on making new ones that dilute the recognizability of their trademarked designs.

Just because a rich person/company does something, doesn't mean it's smart
    This is incredibly dismissive of indie games like Temtem, Coromon, Cassette Beasts, Monster Sanctuary, and even non-indie games like Yokai Watch, the Digimon Series, or Shin Megami Tensei. Some of them have been around for years.
[deleted]
    Also note that "card battler" has a lower median than "roguelike deckbuilder".

Roguelike deckbuilder has an IRL equivalent and it's one of the classic MTG formats, [Booster Draft](https://www.channelfireball.com/article/Everything-You-Need-to-Know-About-Booster-Draft-MTG-Deep-Dive/47a4817d-3362-48bc-9b29-bbbb86ef5c4a/). Draft is a lot more popular than the constructed MTG formats. I don't get it myself, but it's a good data point.
    A newer data from 2023: [https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/](https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/)
Love it when I fail with 200k profit l, just like in the simulations
90% of this sub is hobbyists which is completely fine... Some others would do well remembering it tho, not everything in game dev has to end in you making the next GTA V
Now we're just discussing the definition of the word niche.
Great point. I usually say something like this when defending Firewatch.

Maybe "engaging" is a better metric than "fun."
    Yeah, that's what I was getting from this thread too.
I think people often forget that fun is just a subset of "engaging" but for some reason most people like to talk about fun games rather than engaging games. The Witness, Soma, Eve Online, and Tarkov are not fun but they are an incredibly engaging experience for people that like those things.  


Also I think some people use fun to include the enjoyment they get out of playing the games I listed as well so I don't think we need to read too much into it. It's just a word people like to use and it is inaccurate.
    EVE is a great mention in this context. It *can* be fun--I had a few incredibly fun experiences in EVE back when I still played it--but most of your time with that game will most likely not be spent having fun. You're engaged, rapt even, you're very emotionally and intellectually invested in goings on and it takes a great deal of awareness and attention just to go most places in that galaxy let alone do anything there. But it's mostly "downtime" or travelling between the places where you do things, or downtime within the things that you do, and for the most part while not docked up somewhere you're hoping very much something "interesting" *doesn't happen* unless you're specifically out in a combat ship looking for a fight. There's a lot to like or even love about EVE, but "fun" in a way almost anyone would use the word wasn't very common in my own experience with the game even when I was still enjoying myself playing it.
I think maybe "engaging" is a better term. Like, I didn't have *fun* reading 'The Road', but I was absolutely **engaged** throughout, and consider it one of my favourite books.
"fun" is inherently tied with happiness, or joy, but art isn't inherently any of those. At the end of the day art is just a way for us to think about the real world in abstract ways, and that doesn't always mean fun
I just think that's a very silly stance. Many people here and online will shout about how video games are and artform. But then also hold the stance they can only be fun dopamine machines and nothing else. It's a strange example, but could a video game equivalent of Schinler's list exist? A emotionally painful game that educates the player on the atrocities of history. Where the player finishes the game and is moved by what they just experienced, or a game that encapsulates that mood or feeling. I think reducing games as a whole to only being fun to have any worth is silly.
    Of course it can. This War of Mine. Fun game. See?
Or because this sub always harps on about bugged releases, and never understands why studios release buggy games.
Lmao the post is doing the opposite of gatekeeping. It's saying exactly what you're saying, Redditors really do not have reading comprehension.
For literally 12 years people have been telling me Skyrim is a bad game. What I've come to learn is that lots of very vocal gamers refuse to recognize their own opinions and insist on labeling games as objectively good or objectively bad.

[¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯](https://xkcd.com/359/)
Not low poly necessarily but low res. Everything looks blurry because the game is rendered at under 720p and then upscaled, so it does look “bad”, but the stylization turns that into its aesthetic while also being very performant.
    Yeah, it's a great creative choice. I think it looks awesome. 

To me, a coherent, unique, interesting art design is more important than graphical fidelity. The goal is something that evokes a specific feeling, and it achieves that in spades.
Nah, they patched that within the first month of release. They have made a clear effort to crunch critical bugs like these, which I think just goes to show how on point this dev team has been.

Yall acting like BG3's early access release wasn't literally 6x worse.
Other music makes money so no, do i think its the most successful?  Yes.  Because only money made determines success. 

How is that not obvious
Demon souls and dark souls made money, so success.

Were they the most successful games?  No.  If they lost money, there wouldnt have been sequels.

So again, only money determined their success.  Who cares if the money came later.

Was Tommy Wiseau a success making The Room?  No, not until it became a cult classic years later and made money.  The guy even says so himself.
imo if someone gets 40 hours from a game (even at $60) then they've already gotten their moneys worth. The idea that every game should have thousands of hours of gameplay with practically unlimited content is why the industry is getting obliterated right now trying to convert everything into a GaaS model. To expect that from a small developer with a sub $10 million dollar game is especially ludicrous coming from a gamedev forum.
    I agree with you for most games but with this genre in particular games are supposed to be super replayable. There’s not a whole lot of depth to the game and the grind becomes unbearable like the dude said. It’s early access so I don’t think it’s that big of a deal right now, but it does need some more meat to it’s core gameplay.
Or you can be locked in a small room with a tower boss with 200,000 hp, and you've only got 300 shots of a weapon that deals 50 damage per hit... The "story" bosses are bullet sponges, catch rates get disgustingly low, and the material cost of better spheres and ammo gets disgustingly high. It's all doable with strong pals, but this game is still in early access for a reason
    [deleted]
    I weirdly found the tower bosses to be the most enjoyable. It gave a reason for building better stuff and come prepared. It frames progression much better than "catch more stuff", by wandering to the next fast travel point. Having to balance pulling out your pals and recalling them to regenerate, while also being a DPS check was kind of fun, even if the boss AI was rudimentary and easy to deal with.

It kind of made me feel like that what the game was missing for me was the story progression of a pokemon game.
Bugs/glitches aside the game does have a fun gameplay loop and that is all that matters for 30 bucks I was able to get more than 50 hrs of fun.
And the progression also just isn't very well thought out. 

They give you flying way too early and it completely invalidates all other mounts. Like as soon as I got a saddle for my deer, I caught a flying mount and crafted its saddle.

So now all the fun and challenge of navigating the terrain is gone. The grappling hook is useless. No point in even making the saddles for water pals.
    The Fengelope ground mount is way better than most flying mounts until way later in the game
Basically. It's the visual aesthetic of the pals. Switch that out with anything else, and it would not be nearly as popular.
    [deleted]
        PalWorld sold what Ark: Survival Evolved sold in less than a week. Ark is popular, but it's also kind of niche. You're proving my point for me. 

Everyone calls Palworld "Pokémon with guns," but "Ark with Pokémon" is a much better description. The only differences that I see other than the art style is taming is much easier, you can tame everything (in ark certain creatures could not be tamed like bosses and cave creatures) and the job system is more fleshed out.

Not being a buggy shit show also helps. From what I've seen, Palworld released with fewer bugs in early access than Ark had when they released the remaster.
            you cant catch tower bosses
I wouldn't care at all if they were directly ripping Pokemon aesthetics, but honestly it feels pretty distinct from both show, sprite and 3d Pokemon games. It's a lot more more "generic animu creature friends" than Pokemon visually, though conceptually it's absolutely working with the same super basic blueprint of "thing + element + ask a 6 year old to draw it"
the last one took a hit
    Took a hit? Scarlet/Violet have sold 23.2 million copies, that makes them the fourth best selling generation of Pokemon games ever and at the rate it's selling it will likely become second or third best selling ever before the next games come out.
This is an insightful comment, I agree a lot of indie game devs seem to have an intense focus on narratives but it's just one portion of the community, for every narrative focused game you have a "baba is you" or "Slice and Dice"
    The Baba-type devs tend to hang out in other communities though, like the thinky games discord. This community is kind of a warzone, with more experienced devs constantly yelling at newcomers that math is, indeed, important
Well call me elitist but you summarized my experience with survival craft games pretty well too. I just don't like them for keeping progression behind hours of repetitive, mostly busywork grinding by dangling a shinier carrot in the form of slightly faster grinding.
But... But it takes less than a minute or two to permanently obsolete the food **and** shelter requirements. Survival games (The ones that don't immediately flop) are never about survival; they're about **progression**. They're all about the feeling of moving up in the world when you get that new furnace to make better metal for a sharper tool. That's why Palworld has four kinds of axe; even though you're done manually chopping trees before you reach the second. It's about trivializing what was once troublesome, so you tangibly feel the progress you've made.

> It takes hours to punch enough rocks to craft a pickaxe

I hope everybody understands this is a vast exaggeration. You're complaining about survival games *with pacing issues*; not survival games in general. The average decent Minecraft modpack, for example, typically has you managing the logistics of an automated facility - usually within the first twenty minutes.

I think the closest comparison is the much-studied power fantasy. Only instead of giving the player the feeling of *power* that they lack in real life, a good survival game gives players a feeling of *progression* that they lack in real life. You start a session building copper pipes to bring water to your greenhouse, and end the session building microchips for your hydroponics bay. Contrast this to other genres, where you start the session shooting zombies, and end the session shooting zombies
    Came here to make this point. 

It’s not about the mechanics or even the survival. It’s about the progression. 

All games have that sense of progression, if they work well. 

The games in the genre that fall flat? They tend to not have that. They just have the core loop and that’s that. 

Take the farming/life sims too. Even the ones playing it straight (like Farming Sim) have the sense of progression and growing player agency. You get bigger equipment and can harvest more and make numbers go up. 

Is that lazy? Maybe. But all good games do it. They need it. 

The early successes in the genre (Minecraft, Ark, etc) can get away with more of the “mine shiny rock to make better pickax to mine shinier rock,” progression because they innovated in other ways. 

And so too is the state now. Enshrouded innovates on the formula by plopping that system down in (basically) Breath of the Wild. 

But that’s the real takeaway - yeah, on the production side, we may know that the core loop is simplistic, but it doesn’t make it not work for players. 

It gives a sense of progression to moment-to-moment gameplay. It puts players in that feedback loop of engagement. 

Good design is about keeping players around moment to moment - and playing the long game. The best games do both. 

Palworld does it by having creature variety and the open world to explore. Even if it focuses around the moment to moment of craft grind.
Granted it’s a mean thing they needed to hear if their goal is to make a successful game.
Yes, that's literally the point I'm making in op. They don't give a damn. They don't know how a spinner looks in unreal engine. Only a dev would even notice it. Literally does not matter if you decide to use it instead of making your own stuff.
    I once saw a Twitter thread with gamedevs making fun of some AA game that was using the "Mixamo walk" for some animations. Even as a beginner gamedev I had no fucking idea what "Mixamo walk" was, and honestly didn't give a fuck when I looked it up.

As long as it looks good and not out of place in the game, I don't care if you spent a shitton of money for a mocap studio to do it, or if you took hours meticulously animating it by hand on Blender, or if you just took some stock animation in a library. *It's just a fucking character walking*.
        Wait until you hear about the guys who think using bought assets in your game is cheating and unfair. Talk about a vocal minority.
When you saw Dave the diver got nominated as indie game, "indie game" lost its meaning long ago.
It's actually insane how many people seem to genuinely think I hated this game because I said how it doesn't fit the conventional "quality" standards in the first paragraph. A little concerning.
    Junk food isn't healthy. It still tastes good.

I think that's probably a better analogy. Palworld gives the players what they want, and it's been rewarded heavily for doing so.

It's like the entire gaming community is getting cake for the first time in years. Not gonna win an award for originality, creativity, or technical mastery - but the devs openly said they didn't care about any of that. They just wanted to make a game that's fun.
    It proves your point. It's fascinating.
    Many many people on reddit lack reading comprehension.
        Many people on the whole planet lack reading comprehension. Or verbal comprehension, or any kind of comprehension really. Ignorance is incredibly frustrating, and it's everywhere.
            [removed]
        The amount of times I've had to simply quote myself in response to random replies makes me think it's not even a lack of reading comprehension, but is just the result of people skimming posts, picking out what they either agree with a lot or disagree with a lot, and immediately plunging into some diatribe that is completely irrelevant to the post because they didn't even really read the post.
            Another issue is some people seem to take every post as a whine or a complaint, and every reply as an automatic disagreement.
                Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
            Hey, I just skimmed this post and was interested in joining your diatribe
            Oh great, another fucking typical redditor accusing people of not being able to read and thinking they're better than everyone. You're everything that's wrong with the American school system, I bet your parents didn't read to you when you were a kid. Let me guess, you went to a public school and you were one of the smartest kids in your class so you think you're one of the most intelligent people in the country because you never pursued further education and now you work in a dead end job feeling like the smartest person in the room, talking to anyone who'll listen about how Andrew Tate is a genius and Trump is misunderstood. You pick your kids up from school and tell them they're being brainwashed by LGBTQ+ ideology and their friends' parents are all so tired of listening to you babble your nonsense at soccer games, your "real" friends have slowly drifted away from you and you convince yourself that it's because they're all too dumb to understand what you're saying. You're one step away from being a flat earther and your wife is looking for any excuse to divorce you, probably banging the other soccer dads while you're watching red pill videos on YouTube in your spare time. Story as old as time. Fucking Reddit neckbeards telling on themselves. Go outside and touch some grass.
                10/10 fever dream
        Reddit actually rates pretty high on this scale compared to the rest of the internet.
            I'm curious what the levels are across the board, I'd look it up myself but I don't know what terms I'd use
            that means literally nothing. it's like saying "reddit actually ranks pretty high compared to the asylum for illiterate idiots"
                Yes that was precisely my point.
        It has a reaction inducing title. Most users probably didn't even finish reading the first sentence that OP wrote.
        This is why they say a lot of Americans are illiterate. Yes, they **CAN READ** the words, but they can not comprehend them.  It always has to be literal and double meanings, context clues or metaphors blow right over the head of a lot of people.
    It’s because you started your post “criticizing” the game. And I’m guessing they didn’t bother to read the rest of your post.
    Reading hard.
    ...Because the title would lead people to believe, based on the way you wrote it out, that Palworld is not a good game. What you meant to say was, 'Palworld is not a well-made game'. But when you write 'Palworld is not a Good Game' as the title, and then go on to explain the game is fun and a good experience, the title is still 'Palworld is not a Good Game'. You have written it in a way that asserts that, even though Palworld is Fun and Unique and original, it is still not a good game. Even if that's not what you meant, that's how you wrote it. As concerning as it may be for you to have people coming to you with these claims, they are only doing so because you wrote it in that way.
Tbf Craftopia was worked on much longer and it was basically the blueprint for much of this game. It's not exactly like Palworld *just* took them a couple of years to create. If you've played both, you'll understand how similar they are.
    This is very true and is what I've told some friends. I played craftopia quite a bit and it's certainly a blueprint. I can see how they iterated over it. Craftopia also was an iterated version of a previous game they released. It has taken them quite a few years to build this.
    Its funny because from what I recall, there are still some of the bugs from Craftopia. Or at least "features" from Craftopia. Take for example you can still mostly not use stamina when running by spamming crouch. It doesn't work as well uphill but it works extremely well going mostly straight and of course downhill. This was something I found in Craftopia as well.
I disagree this game took them 3 years to make and the company almost went bankrupt while making it even if the inspiration for Palworld is too on the nose it does take time and effort to make a game that works.
    Yes, and the systems in Palworld didn't spring out of nowhere. Palworld is essentially the souped up and refined version of Craftopia, their previous game which is actually still in EA.
Palworld was initially announced over 3 years ago and is still in early access, not to mention that it's built on the bones of Craftopia (seriously. They're extremely similar) which itself was developed over multiple years.
What are you on about? Have you ever played Cyberpunk or Starfield?
    This is much buggier. Albeit this game fully states that it is in alpha so I am more willing to forgive.

I think the 2nd buggiest game i've played lately is KSP2 and it too was in alpha ... likely another 2 years before it is in a playable state.
        Absolutely not, my playthroughs of both of those games were much buggier than Palworld and I put around 30 hours in each. The development cost of both of those was around 30 times more expensive.
        I didn't even buy Cyberpunk until after it had been fixed up, but it was still buggier than I have seen from Palworld. I did get Palworld like a week ago, not on release day, so that is a factor, as they have fixed some shit already, but it isn't remotely as buggy as you are stating.
        > This is much buggier. 

I've played cp77 only after 2.0 and I still disagree. The bugs in palworld doesn't distract you from what it offers, while in cp77 they can get in the way heavily.
Indie just means it’s self-published by a company that isn’t considered a publisher, no? It doesn’t really have anything to do with team size.
So if you said this about literally any AAA game to come out over the last 3 years, it would fit… except for Elden Ring and Cyberpunk 2077 after 2 years is finally a decent game, nothing groundbreaking tho

I think Baldurs Gate 3 isn’t AAA
Assassin creed and far cry are two games that come to mind where it’s basically do the same thing over and over agin. Climb this tower take over the out post and reveal more of the map and repeat. Kill some animals get materials make stuff and repeat. Kill small targets to get the big target out and repeat.
    Yeah the gameplay in AC is very boring to me; the big selling point in them has always been the worldbuilding/setting/storyline. Which means there's quite a few in the series, especially more recently, that I just skipped entirely because the setting and story seemed bland and there's nothing else selling it to me beyond Fall Into Haypiles In Brand New Locations.
Fuck that got me lol I just cackled so loud out of nowhere that I think I might have woken my toddler from his nap 😂
Yeah last thing we want is them developing hopes and dreams

(Then get those crushed by reality. What a nice world)
it's a cartoonish third person game with gunplay, how is that "wrong"?
    Because you are defending an erroneous oversimplification. Like the previous reply pointed out, it is far more correct to compare the gameplay to Ark or Rust than to Fortnite. To say it is like Fortnite is wrong.
        No 10 year old gives a fuck if you are technically correct. They see a game with crafting and guns and they are also familiar with fortnite. It's not rocket science to see the connection.

LMAO.
        i think you are focused more on efficiency of comparison rather than correctness of comparison, and also erroneously calling lesser comparative efficiency/greater comparative distance "wrong". i think you are confused in doing that, because wrongness of comparison requires one thing: that the shared quality is not actually shared. they are shared, so you are wrong to call it wrong.

of course it would be more efficient to compare an apple to a pear and an orange to a lemon, but they're all rosids. but recognizing arguably minute similarities between apples and oranges is not the point here: the point is to recognize similarities between three games in a specific ten-year-old's repertoire in order to excite them into playing one of those games. which the ten-year-old has successfully done. i mean, you're not even denying the similarities are there! you just have a standard that there should be more similarities than made. which is fine, but the original comparison is not at all wrong.
            Yeah, that's called "wrong" dude
“There is no such thing as an original idea”
There’s also Monster Hunter Stories - that’s basically Monster Hunter X Pokémon.
You need to flip the switch to activate the tick box that activates the button! IT'S COVERED IN JANK!!!!! 

His videos have me rolling every time I see them.

"The bars, they stretch, the stretch really high. I tried to open the dialog box but it's covered in gore..."
None of my Pals attack. Range or up close lol. I've un-installed, reinstalled and everything. Xbox and PC. I think I'm just unlucky lol.

If I play with others my teammates even see that my Pals literally just stand there lol.
    If you press and hold ‘4’ in game you open a wheel with combat stances for your pal. I was in the exact same situation until I realized I had my pals set to ‘passive’ in every situation lol.
        Mine were still having that issue even with changing the stances 

I found a temporary workaround with some where if you started riding them (if they had that ability) and attacked who you wanted they would usually keep attacking the same Mon but it was never super consistent
    Has nobody told you that you set your pals aggression? Can’t remember the keybind but there’s a wheel that pops up and you select don’t attack, focus my target, or attack anything.
        I've done all that one both systems, they still just stand there. Tried all settings, nothing.
That’s the problem though, the base building, survival, open world crap is constantly getting in the way. 

Oh, you’re hungry, go cook. Oh you need to repair/restock go mining because your slaves are too slow.

I don’t disagree with your central thesis of ‘focus on your products stregths’. However this game is ok, and doesn’t go beyond that because it’s badly assembled, the guns and building and management are constantly fighting for my attention, in my experience at least. 

But ultimately: popular and good are not the same thing. When I heard of it I suspected it wasn’t for me, and normally I would have given it a pass, but hearing the hype I thought I should give it a chance. 10 hours in, I still can’t say I get it, but a sale is sale. Why does Pal world manage where others like Megami Tensei fail? Because it hit when people were getting sick of Pokemon, and then something that looks similar but with a couple of tweests comes along, that was enough to give it the initial momentum and then not being utter garbage was all it needed.

Marketing and timing is king. Everything else, including gameplay comes second. Welcome to the market baby!
Well that doesn't describe GGG imo.
I feel like I missed your point the first time I read it. I was disagreeing that good gameplay is essential for a game to be a success, but I completely agree with your interpretation of "remember what a game is about as you're going along the process". All the good games I can think of double down on what makes them great instead of trying to be everything for everyone.

  
Edit: I don't agree that Minecraft looks good, there's other low-poly games I think look better like Risk of Rain 2. With that said, I can see how that's more of a personal opinion than fact. Not really worth discussing it further.
They never fully adapted to the change from 2D sprite based games to full 3D modeled games and it shows.
That's fair. It can seem uninspired.
Arceus and Scarlett/Violet were being developed at the same time, so they didn't have time to learn anything from Arceus before releasing the next game.
    That is a fair point. If I had to bet whether gamefreak will actually learn something though, I know where I'd put my money
A big part of that was testing software on a new platform

https://www.gameinformer.com/2024/02/09/persona-star-ocean-and-final-fantasy-developers-discuss-the-trend-of-remaking-classic
Yah I see what the guy is saying, but that’s definitely not an apt comparison lmao
> Also Zelda totally changed its formula after decades. 

Only because the series was under-performing. It was Nintendo's most expensive IP and sales were trending downwards.

Had Zelda consistently been doing 10 million with every entry I very much doubt they'd have felt the need to change it up.

Studios radically changing a series at the peak of it's success seems rare, feel free to throw counter-examples at me though.
Nearly all the profit from Pokemon comes from merchandise. If they wanted to make money, they'd double their dev budget to squeeze out 20% more plushie sales. They focus more on the pokemon they have, and less on making new ones that dilute the recognizability of their trademarked designs.

Just because a rich person/company does something, doesn't mean it's smart
This is incredibly dismissive of indie games like Temtem, Coromon, Cassette Beasts, Monster Sanctuary, and even non-indie games like Yokai Watch, the Digimon Series, or Shin Megami Tensei. Some of them have been around for years.
Also note that "card battler" has a lower median than "roguelike deckbuilder".

Roguelike deckbuilder has an IRL equivalent and it's one of the classic MTG formats, [Booster Draft](https://www.channelfireball.com/article/Everything-You-Need-to-Know-About-Booster-Draft-MTG-Deep-Dive/47a4817d-3362-48bc-9b29-bbbb86ef5c4a/). Draft is a lot more popular than the constructed MTG formats. I don't get it myself, but it's a good data point.
A newer data from 2023: [https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/](https://howtomarketagame.com/2024/01/25/what-are-the-top-selling-indie-games-of-2023/)
Yeah, that's what I was getting from this thread too.
EVE is a great mention in this context. It *can* be fun--I had a few incredibly fun experiences in EVE back when I still played it--but most of your time with that game will most likely not be spent having fun. You're engaged, rapt even, you're very emotionally and intellectually invested in goings on and it takes a great deal of awareness and attention just to go most places in that galaxy let alone do anything there. But it's mostly "downtime" or travelling between the places where you do things, or downtime within the things that you do, and for the most part while not docked up somewhere you're hoping very much something "interesting" *doesn't happen* unless you're specifically out in a combat ship looking for a fight. There's a lot to like or even love about EVE, but "fun" in a way almost anyone would use the word wasn't very common in my own experience with the game even when I was still enjoying myself playing it.
Of course it can. This War of Mine. Fun game. See?
Yeah, it's a great creative choice. I think it looks awesome. 

To me, a coherent, unique, interesting art design is more important than graphical fidelity. The goal is something that evokes a specific feeling, and it achieves that in spades.
I agree with you for most games but with this genre in particular games are supposed to be super replayable. There’s not a whole lot of depth to the game and the grind becomes unbearable like the dude said. It’s early access so I don’t think it’s that big of a deal right now, but it does need some more meat to it’s core gameplay.
[deleted]
I weirdly found the tower bosses to be the most enjoyable. It gave a reason for building better stuff and come prepared. It frames progression much better than "catch more stuff", by wandering to the next fast travel point. Having to balance pulling out your pals and recalling them to regenerate, while also being a DPS check was kind of fun, even if the boss AI was rudimentary and easy to deal with.

It kind of made me feel like that what the game was missing for me was the story progression of a pokemon game.
The Fengelope ground mount is way better than most flying mounts until way later in the game
[deleted]
    PalWorld sold what Ark: Survival Evolved sold in less than a week. Ark is popular, but it's also kind of niche. You're proving my point for me. 

Everyone calls Palworld "Pokémon with guns," but "Ark with Pokémon" is a much better description. The only differences that I see other than the art style is taming is much easier, you can tame everything (in ark certain creatures could not be tamed like bosses and cave creatures) and the job system is more fleshed out.

Not being a buggy shit show also helps. From what I've seen, Palworld released with fewer bugs in early access than Ark had when they released the remaster.
        you cant catch tower bosses
Took a hit? Scarlet/Violet have sold 23.2 million copies, that makes them the fourth best selling generation of Pokemon games ever and at the rate it's selling it will likely become second or third best selling ever before the next games come out.
The Baba-type devs tend to hang out in other communities though, like the thinky games discord. This community is kind of a warzone, with more experienced devs constantly yelling at newcomers that math is, indeed, important
Came here to make this point. 

It’s not about the mechanics or even the survival. It’s about the progression. 

All games have that sense of progression, if they work well. 

The games in the genre that fall flat? They tend to not have that. They just have the core loop and that’s that. 

Take the farming/life sims too. Even the ones playing it straight (like Farming Sim) have the sense of progression and growing player agency. You get bigger equipment and can harvest more and make numbers go up. 

Is that lazy? Maybe. But all good games do it. They need it. 

The early successes in the genre (Minecraft, Ark, etc) can get away with more of the “mine shiny rock to make better pickax to mine shinier rock,” progression because they innovated in other ways. 

And so too is the state now. Enshrouded innovates on the formula by plopping that system down in (basically) Breath of the Wild. 

But that’s the real takeaway - yeah, on the production side, we may know that the core loop is simplistic, but it doesn’t make it not work for players. 

It gives a sense of progression to moment-to-moment gameplay. It puts players in that feedback loop of engagement. 

Good design is about keeping players around moment to moment - and playing the long game. The best games do both. 

Palworld does it by having creature variety and the open world to explore. Even if it focuses around the moment to moment of craft grind.
I once saw a Twitter thread with gamedevs making fun of some AA game that was using the "Mixamo walk" for some animations. Even as a beginner gamedev I had no fucking idea what "Mixamo walk" was, and honestly didn't give a fuck when I looked it up.

As long as it looks good and not out of place in the game, I don't care if you spent a shitton of money for a mocap studio to do it, or if you took hours meticulously animating it by hand on Blender, or if you just took some stock animation in a library. *It's just a fucking character walking*.
    Wait until you hear about the guys who think using bought assets in your game is cheating and unfair. Talk about a vocal minority.
Junk food isn't healthy. It still tastes good.

I think that's probably a better analogy. Palworld gives the players what they want, and it's been rewarded heavily for doing so.

It's like the entire gaming community is getting cake for the first time in years. Not gonna win an award for originality, creativity, or technical mastery - but the devs openly said they didn't care about any of that. They just wanted to make a game that's fun.
It proves your point. It's fascinating.
Many many people on reddit lack reading comprehension.
    Many people on the whole planet lack reading comprehension. Or verbal comprehension, or any kind of comprehension really. Ignorance is incredibly frustrating, and it's everywhere.
        [removed]
    The amount of times I've had to simply quote myself in response to random replies makes me think it's not even a lack of reading comprehension, but is just the result of people skimming posts, picking out what they either agree with a lot or disagree with a lot, and immediately plunging into some diatribe that is completely irrelevant to the post because they didn't even really read the post.
        Another issue is some people seem to take every post as a whine or a complaint, and every reply as an automatic disagreement.
            Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
        Hey, I just skimmed this post and was interested in joining your diatribe
        Oh great, another fucking typical redditor accusing people of not being able to read and thinking they're better than everyone. You're everything that's wrong with the American school system, I bet your parents didn't read to you when you were a kid. Let me guess, you went to a public school and you were one of the smartest kids in your class so you think you're one of the most intelligent people in the country because you never pursued further education and now you work in a dead end job feeling like the smartest person in the room, talking to anyone who'll listen about how Andrew Tate is a genius and Trump is misunderstood. You pick your kids up from school and tell them they're being brainwashed by LGBTQ+ ideology and their friends' parents are all so tired of listening to you babble your nonsense at soccer games, your "real" friends have slowly drifted away from you and you convince yourself that it's because they're all too dumb to understand what you're saying. You're one step away from being a flat earther and your wife is looking for any excuse to divorce you, probably banging the other soccer dads while you're watching red pill videos on YouTube in your spare time. Story as old as time. Fucking Reddit neckbeards telling on themselves. Go outside and touch some grass.
            10/10 fever dream
    Reddit actually rates pretty high on this scale compared to the rest of the internet.
        I'm curious what the levels are across the board, I'd look it up myself but I don't know what terms I'd use
        that means literally nothing. it's like saying "reddit actually ranks pretty high compared to the asylum for illiterate idiots"
            Yes that was precisely my point.
    It has a reaction inducing title. Most users probably didn't even finish reading the first sentence that OP wrote.
    This is why they say a lot of Americans are illiterate. Yes, they **CAN READ** the words, but they can not comprehend them.  It always has to be literal and double meanings, context clues or metaphors blow right over the head of a lot of people.
It’s because you started your post “criticizing” the game. And I’m guessing they didn’t bother to read the rest of your post.
Reading hard.
...Because the title would lead people to believe, based on the way you wrote it out, that Palworld is not a good game. What you meant to say was, 'Palworld is not a well-made game'. But when you write 'Palworld is not a Good Game' as the title, and then go on to explain the game is fun and a good experience, the title is still 'Palworld is not a Good Game'. You have written it in a way that asserts that, even though Palworld is Fun and Unique and original, it is still not a good game. Even if that's not what you meant, that's how you wrote it. As concerning as it may be for you to have people coming to you with these claims, they are only doing so because you wrote it in that way.
This is very true and is what I've told some friends. I played craftopia quite a bit and it's certainly a blueprint. I can see how they iterated over it. Craftopia also was an iterated version of a previous game they released. It has taken them quite a few years to build this.
Its funny because from what I recall, there are still some of the bugs from Craftopia. Or at least "features" from Craftopia. Take for example you can still mostly not use stamina when running by spamming crouch. It doesn't work as well uphill but it works extremely well going mostly straight and of course downhill. This was something I found in Craftopia as well.
Yes, and the systems in Palworld didn't spring out of nowhere. Palworld is essentially the souped up and refined version of Craftopia, their previous game which is actually still in EA.
This is much buggier. Albeit this game fully states that it is in alpha so I am more willing to forgive.

I think the 2nd buggiest game i've played lately is KSP2 and it too was in alpha ... likely another 2 years before it is in a playable state.
    Absolutely not, my playthroughs of both of those games were much buggier than Palworld and I put around 30 hours in each. The development cost of both of those was around 30 times more expensive.
    I didn't even buy Cyberpunk until after it had been fixed up, but it was still buggier than I have seen from Palworld. I did get Palworld like a week ago, not on release day, so that is a factor, as they have fixed some shit already, but it isn't remotely as buggy as you are stating.
    > This is much buggier. 

I've played cp77 only after 2.0 and I still disagree. The bugs in palworld doesn't distract you from what it offers, while in cp77 they can get in the way heavily.
Yeah the gameplay in AC is very boring to me; the big selling point in them has always been the worldbuilding/setting/storyline. Which means there's quite a few in the series, especially more recently, that I just skipped entirely because the setting and story seemed bland and there's nothing else selling it to me beyond Fall Into Haypiles In Brand New Locations.
Because you are defending an erroneous oversimplification. Like the previous reply pointed out, it is far more correct to compare the gameplay to Ark or Rust than to Fortnite. To say it is like Fortnite is wrong.
    No 10 year old gives a fuck if you are technically correct. They see a game with crafting and guns and they are also familiar with fortnite. It's not rocket science to see the connection.

LMAO.
    i think you are focused more on efficiency of comparison rather than correctness of comparison, and also erroneously calling lesser comparative efficiency/greater comparative distance "wrong". i think you are confused in doing that, because wrongness of comparison requires one thing: that the shared quality is not actually shared. they are shared, so you are wrong to call it wrong.

of course it would be more efficient to compare an apple to a pear and an orange to a lemon, but they're all rosids. but recognizing arguably minute similarities between apples and oranges is not the point here: the point is to recognize similarities between three games in a specific ten-year-old's repertoire in order to excite them into playing one of those games. which the ten-year-old has successfully done. i mean, you're not even denying the similarities are there! you just have a standard that there should be more similarities than made. which is fine, but the original comparison is not at all wrong.
        Yeah, that's called "wrong" dude
If you press and hold ‘4’ in game you open a wheel with combat stances for your pal. I was in the exact same situation until I realized I had my pals set to ‘passive’ in every situation lol.
    Mine were still having that issue even with changing the stances 

I found a temporary workaround with some where if you started riding them (if they had that ability) and attacked who you wanted they would usually keep attacking the same Mon but it was never super consistent
Has nobody told you that you set your pals aggression? Can’t remember the keybind but there’s a wheel that pops up and you select don’t attack, focus my target, or attack anything.
    I've done all that one both systems, they still just stand there. Tried all settings, nothing.
That is a fair point. If I had to bet whether gamefreak will actually learn something though, I know where I'd put my money
PalWorld sold what Ark: Survival Evolved sold in less than a week. Ark is popular, but it's also kind of niche. You're proving my point for me. 

Everyone calls Palworld "Pokémon with guns," but "Ark with Pokémon" is a much better description. The only differences that I see other than the art style is taming is much easier, you can tame everything (in ark certain creatures could not be tamed like bosses and cave creatures) and the job system is more fleshed out.

Not being a buggy shit show also helps. From what I've seen, Palworld released with fewer bugs in early access than Ark had when they released the remaster.
    you cant catch tower bosses
Wait until you hear about the guys who think using bought assets in your game is cheating and unfair. Talk about a vocal minority.
Many people on the whole planet lack reading comprehension. Or verbal comprehension, or any kind of comprehension really. Ignorance is incredibly frustrating, and it's everywhere.
    [removed]
The amount of times I've had to simply quote myself in response to random replies makes me think it's not even a lack of reading comprehension, but is just the result of people skimming posts, picking out what they either agree with a lot or disagree with a lot, and immediately plunging into some diatribe that is completely irrelevant to the post because they didn't even really read the post.
    Another issue is some people seem to take every post as a whine or a complaint, and every reply as an automatic disagreement.
        Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
    Hey, I just skimmed this post and was interested in joining your diatribe
    Oh great, another fucking typical redditor accusing people of not being able to read and thinking they're better than everyone. You're everything that's wrong with the American school system, I bet your parents didn't read to you when you were a kid. Let me guess, you went to a public school and you were one of the smartest kids in your class so you think you're one of the most intelligent people in the country because you never pursued further education and now you work in a dead end job feeling like the smartest person in the room, talking to anyone who'll listen about how Andrew Tate is a genius and Trump is misunderstood. You pick your kids up from school and tell them they're being brainwashed by LGBTQ+ ideology and their friends' parents are all so tired of listening to you babble your nonsense at soccer games, your "real" friends have slowly drifted away from you and you convince yourself that it's because they're all too dumb to understand what you're saying. You're one step away from being a flat earther and your wife is looking for any excuse to divorce you, probably banging the other soccer dads while you're watching red pill videos on YouTube in your spare time. Story as old as time. Fucking Reddit neckbeards telling on themselves. Go outside and touch some grass.
        10/10 fever dream
Reddit actually rates pretty high on this scale compared to the rest of the internet.
    I'm curious what the levels are across the board, I'd look it up myself but I don't know what terms I'd use
    that means literally nothing. it's like saying "reddit actually ranks pretty high compared to the asylum for illiterate idiots"
        Yes that was precisely my point.
It has a reaction inducing title. Most users probably didn't even finish reading the first sentence that OP wrote.
This is why they say a lot of Americans are illiterate. Yes, they **CAN READ** the words, but they can not comprehend them.  It always has to be literal and double meanings, context clues or metaphors blow right over the head of a lot of people.
Absolutely not, my playthroughs of both of those games were much buggier than Palworld and I put around 30 hours in each. The development cost of both of those was around 30 times more expensive.
I didn't even buy Cyberpunk until after it had been fixed up, but it was still buggier than I have seen from Palworld. I did get Palworld like a week ago, not on release day, so that is a factor, as they have fixed some shit already, but it isn't remotely as buggy as you are stating.
> This is much buggier. 

I've played cp77 only after 2.0 and I still disagree. The bugs in palworld doesn't distract you from what it offers, while in cp77 they can get in the way heavily.
No 10 year old gives a fuck if you are technically correct. They see a game with crafting and guns and they are also familiar with fortnite. It's not rocket science to see the connection.

LMAO.
i think you are focused more on efficiency of comparison rather than correctness of comparison, and also erroneously calling lesser comparative efficiency/greater comparative distance "wrong". i think you are confused in doing that, because wrongness of comparison requires one thing: that the shared quality is not actually shared. they are shared, so you are wrong to call it wrong.

of course it would be more efficient to compare an apple to a pear and an orange to a lemon, but they're all rosids. but recognizing arguably minute similarities between apples and oranges is not the point here: the point is to recognize similarities between three games in a specific ten-year-old's repertoire in order to excite them into playing one of those games. which the ten-year-old has successfully done. i mean, you're not even denying the similarities are there! you just have a standard that there should be more similarities than made. which is fine, but the original comparison is not at all wrong.
    Yeah, that's called "wrong" dude
Mine were still having that issue even with changing the stances 

I found a temporary workaround with some where if you started riding them (if they had that ability) and attacked who you wanted they would usually keep attacking the same Mon but it was never super consistent
I've done all that one both systems, they still just stand there. Tried all settings, nothing.
you cant catch tower bosses
[removed]
Another issue is some people seem to take every post as a whine or a complaint, and every reply as an automatic disagreement.
    Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
Hey, I just skimmed this post and was interested in joining your diatribe
Oh great, another fucking typical redditor accusing people of not being able to read and thinking they're better than everyone. You're everything that's wrong with the American school system, I bet your parents didn't read to you when you were a kid. Let me guess, you went to a public school and you were one of the smartest kids in your class so you think you're one of the most intelligent people in the country because you never pursued further education and now you work in a dead end job feeling like the smartest person in the room, talking to anyone who'll listen about how Andrew Tate is a genius and Trump is misunderstood. You pick your kids up from school and tell them they're being brainwashed by LGBTQ+ ideology and their friends' parents are all so tired of listening to you babble your nonsense at soccer games, your "real" friends have slowly drifted away from you and you convince yourself that it's because they're all too dumb to understand what you're saying. You're one step away from being a flat earther and your wife is looking for any excuse to divorce you, probably banging the other soccer dads while you're watching red pill videos on YouTube in your spare time. Story as old as time. Fucking Reddit neckbeards telling on themselves. Go outside and touch some grass.
    10/10 fever dream
I'm curious what the levels are across the board, I'd look it up myself but I don't know what terms I'd use
that means literally nothing. it's like saying "reddit actually ranks pretty high compared to the asylum for illiterate idiots"
    Yes that was precisely my point.
Yeah, that's called "wrong" dude
Also, most subreddits are echo chambers. 

I often get downvoted in the Palworld sub because I'll say that I enjoyed the game, but I'm taking a break because of some issues it has. Not allowed to say anything is wrong with it.
10/10 fever dream
Yes that was precisely my point.
