[[After years of putting it off, I'm playing The Witcher 3 and... this is it]]


So I'll fully admit that I'm not that far into The Witcher 3, but I'm finding it harder and harder to even get anywhere. I've had friends tell me it's the greatest game they've ever played, it's insanely immersive, the love and care put into it rival any other game. But it just feels like yet another RPG game to me.   


The lore is extremely well written and interesting, and reading about the various ways to hunt monsters is super cool. But then when I go to actually hunt the monsters, it involves tedious grinding smaller mobs to get a specific drop, then just "Press X to place drowner brain" and then the monster spawns and I have a pretty mediocre feeling fight.   


The story is pretty interesting and I appreciate all the moving parts and fully fleshed out side quest, but I also have to grind through several hours of fighting the same groups of faceless enemies and Geralt sometimes just awkwardly mumbling to himself to get to the interesting story once again.   


The game is extremely solidly made and I can see why people love it, but it just feels like a thousand other games I've played, just at an absolutely snails pace so it can hit that prestigious 100 hours of gameplay selling point. 

&#x200B;

I guess I'm just really let down because I don't buy into hype very often, but when its been years of everyone across the board talking about how fantastic the game is, I just kind of don't understand it.


It took me 2 or 3 attempts to get into it. Once you get out the first area it gets better. I also struggled with combat and movement but it gets easier.
    I played the full game (I absolutely loved Blood and Wine) but the movement never stopped feeling wonky to me. The first time I tried to play it I quit because of that. It just doesn't feel all that smooth like many other RPGS. Combat was fun but eventually you don't really need to bother with the extra stuff. It never felt like the silver sword or the "magic" was all that necessary which was disappointing. Still, got 100 hours out of the game and the story was well done so all in all a good time.
        I think there was a gameplay option that massively tightens Geralt's turning radius which makes the movement feel so much better, otherwise he felt so unresponsive... Got spoiled by games like Assassin's creed which had a huge animation library and made it look good to have the character swap directions on a dime in a sort of realistic manner.
            Pfft, well shit. Maybe I’ll go do that second play through now and make sure I figure out what that setting is. That was really the main drag for me.
                It's called "Alternative Movement" in the options menu. It's a big improvement and ~~should have become the default IMO.~~ apparently is the default now!
                    I’ll have to look into it. Quit after 15 minutes because I kept flicking candles instead of opening a door or talking to an NPC.
                        [deleted]
                            [https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749)

Only ignites if Igni sign is primed.
                                70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
                            Does candle flicking play an important role later in the game? Like to illuminate a message on a wall or something?
                                Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
                                    Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
                                There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
                        Try to use the "walk" function when in tight quarters with many candles/crates too. It works **really** well to reduce the accidental misuses.
                        Man I'm playing it on Switch and I hate that so much.
                        [There is even a in-game joke about it in the second DLC.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k26ejKx4uX8)
        At what difficulty? 

Can’t imagine playing through it without using signs and (sometimes) monster oils.
            Or the silver sword! What??
            All the oils do is that you have to hit a mob three times instead of four. You can pretty much ignore them entirely. I suggest using a mod to make them actually something you'll want to use (e.g. [Very Interesting Oils](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/1958)).
                In almost any game a 33%+ damage buff for free would be considered great.
                    How many games let you just infinitely dodge and parry then just slap shit to death with light attacks?
                        To be fair, every fight scene in the books is described as Geralt pirouetting a bunch and then winning, so at least it's authentic.
                            Yep. Thats how Geralt fights so i don't get the complaints.
                        Add in upgraded Quen and you're dancing your way through everything...
                    Not every game approaches the +33% damage buff with the same tedium as TW3.
                    Except it's not free, it does require time investment both to make sure you have the mats rather than selling them as well as creating and using the oils.

Considering it's usually a 3 hits rather than 5-6 scenario usually the extra hits require less investment.
                I just used a mod that applied them automatically.  Having to go into the inventory every time I wanted them got pretty tedious.
                    Man, I was thinking that it would be cool if after starting to fight a monster, or at least killing the first one in a group, it would be able to figure out which oil to auto-apply...  
Then I went and googled the auto-oil mod, and turns out, that's exactly what it does at the start of combat! (scans the mobs nearby, and picks the most suitable oil)  


Whenever I get around to playing Witcher 3, I fear that I'll fall into my Skyrim routine (installing mods for a couple of days, and then dropping the game after a few hours of playtime)
                That’s no different from an armour that helps deflect one hit.

Or recoil reduction.

Game upgrades and abilities all do the same kind of stuff. Don’t want a mod that makes it do like 75% damage.
                    Witcher 3 is still full of miniscule upgrades. I played Cyberpunk 2077 which is very similar to the Witcher 3 and I can compare that to Deus Ex Human Revolution(from 2011). 

In Deus Ex HR these are equal uses of 2 skill points: 
* Remove all recoil(while standing still)
* Remove inaccuracy from moving while firing by 50%
* Punch through (specific) walls and move heavy objects(vending machines)
* Immunity to gas grenades
* eliminate fall damage, with the option to stun enemies when landing
* actual X-ray vision
* Hacking level 2 out of 5

In Witcher and Cyberpunk skill options are full of +15% damage on fast attacks or +25% armor when blocking using heavy armor or each point gives your 10% resistance to negative effects of your own potions.

Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.
                        Deus Ex Human Revolution is a totally different style of game though.

A true 10/10 as well.
                            It warms my heart to hear people describe DE:HR as 10/10. I make sure I have at least 1 annual playthrough.
                        I mean that's the difference between Perks and Talents.

Talent systems are most of the time small increases like an mmo might have or something like path of exile, a perk system is like Skyrim.
                        > 
> 
> 
> 
> Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.

It would be pretty shitty if each skill point gave you 75% increased damage/damage reduction and you got 50 points ... especially if the enemies don't scale like that.

Far more interesting to have it scale to a smaller degree. Most praised RPGs work the same way.

D&D, Mass Effect, WoW (back in the day), Ultima etc etc
                            Of course it's a different kind of game, but even for that kind of game it feels like your character is already competent in most things and has only to improve in. 

Old WoW is a good comparison to Witcher 3 on second look(take almost all skills that say "ability x"), but my current gripe is definitely with cyberpunk that has fantastic duds like "reduce falling damage by 5/10/20%", "don't get detected in water" or a number of like "3/6/9% damage increase with weapon type" when skills exist that increase headshot damage for all weapons by 50% for 1 skill point or 20/30% more headshot damage with weapon type.
                            WoW talent trees were massively overhauled and radically improved when they got away from that.
                                Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
                    Quen is next tier op what you on?
                Bruh you must be playing on easy mode this is just a straight up lie
            Don’t remember to be honest but I usually play medium or hard. Whatever that’s called on the game I’m playing. I just hacked shit until it died for the most part. I did use them sometimes but more often than not it didn’t feel needed.
                They're only really needed on death march
                    I can confirm they are not needed on Death March. The only thing that would make them needed is to carefully level so that you don't end up over leveling content. Which would mean skipping a good number of quests.
        Oh yeah, the jank is real. It feels horrible, even with the alternative movement option, jumping looks ridiculous, everything is harder to do than it should be.

I still love it, but it’s just a very janky game in a mechanical sense. Horizon Zero Dawn on the other hand feels amazing to move around and yet is boring as all hell to me.

It really depends what aspect of a game you most connect to. For the Witcher, it’s the quests.
            I finished Horizon but was never enthralled by it like I am most RPGs. My favorite part of Witcher was finding all the secret armors and the whole Blood and Wine DLC. Love Vampire stuff and the more traditional knights armor and castles in the backdrop was awesome.
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
        Geralt's movement is admittedly bad. I often rely on Roach to get places because running around with him is painful.

>Combat was fun but eventually you don't really need to bother with the extra stuff.

Depends on the difficulty and if Death March is too easy you can always play W3EE mod.
    That’s what’s a deal breaker for me. I absolutely loathe the combat and I’ve tried getting into it on two different occasions. Couldn’t do it. Maybe 3rd time’s the charm

Edit: More specifically, it just feels really clunky. It’s not fluid and doesn’t feel good when I attack or use magic like in other games. And I get the lore is amazing, but for me, I play video games to play them. If I was interested in really amazing story and characters, I would watch a movie or read a book. Gameplay for me will always trump all other aspects of a game.

Edit 2: it’s not a difficulty issue, it’s gameplay feel
        Play it with the ~~DLC~~ mod that turns every fight into a Gwent battle.  


Edit: Sorry it's [mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/953/) not a DLC.
            I'd be so good at that. I dominate at gwent
                Play it. It is a free [mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/953/).
        Don’t know if this will work for you, but for me playing it on a higher difficulty made the combat more enjoyable. It’s still not that great, but the higher difficulty made it better because I was incentivized to research the monsters and craft the proper oils and stuff so I could take them down quicker. That research and preparation phase made the combat lot more engaging for me
            [deleted]
                Yeah the combat mechanics themselves aren’t that great, but the whole research and prep loop is amazing for roleplaying as a Witcher, and it shortens combat time, so it’s just a win win
                    >research and prep loop is amazing

The game

>open menu, scroll and hunt for the enemy type you're against, look at weakness, go to other menus, select said weakness

Wow I really feel like a witcher, prepping for a hard fight and relying on diligent research.
                        I haven’t played the game in a while, but that’s not how I remember my experience at all. I remember having to find books and talk to townspeople to fill out the bestiary entry for the monster I was going to go up against and also gathering the ingredients to make the appropriate potions and oils before going hunting. I’m a role player so that was more than enough to get me engaged as a Witcher
            It wasn't until NewGame+ Death March that I tried my first decoction, because I never needed them before.  

Now I go into almost every fight with 2-3 decoctions, and 2-3 potions ingested, along with an appropriate oil, because pretty much every single monster 1-2 shots me.  
Also, thank god for Quen.
            This is exactly how I felt about Witcher the first time I played. I only went through normal and could largely treat it as hack-and-slash with a few spells thrown in. However, I could see how much depth you could utilize with all the side potions and spells to get the *real* witcher feeling.

Planning to do a Witcher 1-3 run through and higher difficulty so I have to go through the prep work and use the right potions, etc.
                I'll say, if the combat in 3 was a turn off, 1 and 2 are going to be really hard to get into.
            Same. Also not putting points into combat makes for more fun options; when your best option is "hitting the thing" that's all you'll do.
                The goddamn flamethrower ability and puppet abilities are just the best. I love using them.
            A lot of third person action games are like that. Jedi Fallen Order, for example, is absolutely boring on low difficulties because you don't need to invest into learning the mechanics. You can tank and heal through most fights while spamming attack buttons. The same thing happens in The Witcher 3. If your difficulty is too low for your skill level then you don't need to use most of your resources.
            Personally I felt like it didn't matter what difficulty you played on, as it was too easy regardless.
        Play on easy and enjoy the story.
            Agreed. Witcher 3 combat is a joke at any difficulty. Invincibility frames while rolling is enough to make it faceroll easy, but plenty of other things in the game make it way too easy anyway.

Witcher 3's highlights are travelling around randomly, and a handful of amazing sidequests. Until you get to the dlc which is pretty great imo.
                played on normal, the final boss was literally me pressing r1 on repeat.  


I had trouble beating the other big bosses (no spoiler) and also had actual fun vs the ending boss of heart of stone.   


Rest of the game i never bothered to learn anything, i just spammed... it's the main reason i don't replay it. I love the game, but like rdr2 i just DREAD playing through it again   


I might do it on easy tho... maybe on a new pc, it's just so good.
        [deleted]
            I was the opposite. The Witcher 3 got me to enjoy 3rd person action games enough that I moved on to Dark Souls.
            Nah, the combat is objectively clunky.
        They try to make the potions and antogens nevessary to progress to a certain level it take a while to understand it all but i like the different kids of crafted armor and weapons i got to the expansion and left it alone since
            Oh, so you even need the potions and alchemy stuff? I couldn't get into that and hoped I could just ignore it.
                Barely used it myself so don’t stress too much about that
        Are you me?
            Yes, this is our alt
                Oh good! I had forgotten what the username was!
        I felt that about 1 (weird rhythm game, hated it) and 2 (trying to be dark souls, but annoyingly different, hated it).  3 is ... odd, but actually pretty fun compared to the first two games.
            Far too many games try to be Dark Souls.

But the Witcher 2, which came out about half a year before Dark Souls, can't really be one of them.
        [deleted]
            There's a dodge button that makes combat more realistic.
        I was like this with Skyrim, too much grinding and walking. Until I got it on the switch and then I could really enjoy it because I would watch tv while I played, now I’m at almost level 50 and before I could even stomach getting to level 5

Edit: patient gamers is weird as shit. One thread told me not to fast travel my first play through to explore and then I get shit on.
            The only walking in Skyrim is when you explore and that is why you play the game. For all other travels you can use quick travel. It is almost too convenient to travel, actually.
            Wait how is Skyrim grindy??  And you can get a horse in both games and both games have fast travel.
        I commented in this thread already but I had just finished Ghosts of Tsushima when I figured I’d try this game and I could not handle the terrible combat. GoT is just so smooth and responsive and The Witcher just, isn’t. I may try again some time but I was incredibly disappointed.
            Absolutely. Same. And feel the same way about GoT
        > I play video games to play them. If I was interested in really amazing story and characters, I would watch a movie or read a book

Couldn't disagree more. Diminishing games to gameplay alone instantly writes off entire genres of games, so many great games. Games can emphasize story over gameplay or whatever else they want and still be great and idk why you wouldn't that. By extension I have to assume you also don't like Red Dead Redemption 2?
        Thank you ! …… I always say the same thing when people tell me “ but the story is soo good “ and I’m like i want good gameplay , If I wanted a good story I would watch a movie
        The combat is clunky and the movement is awkward but the prostitute mechanics are pretty solid so 10/10
        I went into Witcher from Dark Souls, and I agree. The combat in DS just feels much more smooth, and good in general. It isn't a bad gamez just not... As good as it could be.
The trick with this game is not feeling like you *have* to do every little piece of side content. You can burn yourself out just by doing gwent. A perfect example of a game that a "story" difficulty mode makes sense for those who just want to experience the story but not grind through tons of increasingly difficult drowners.
    Definitely this. I played for hours and I have no idea how far I was in the main story, or who the hell anyone was
        If you choose to give it another go, I'd recommend watching a summary video or detailed recap of the Witcher 1, some basic info about the lore of the world, then playing the second game. I was in the same boat as you.

I had originally tried Witcher 1 back in the day and hated it for all of its confusing jank, really difficult timed combat and not understanding much of the world around me.

I then made the move to Witcher 3. I still didn't understand anything that was happening, or know any characters, or have a reason to particularly care. 

I then went back to the the second game (itself pretty good - less open and sidequesty than 3), liked it a lot and it really helped me get into the third game.

I imagine the Netflix series helps a bit with context for new players too.
            Witcher 2 was surprisingly good. The combat at the start nearly put me off - so hard!
                Yeah, the "tutorial" battle was hella difficult for some reason.

Reminds me of... was it Driver? or Driver San Francisco?

Basically it was a driving game, and one of the early tutorials was to do a slalom between columns, in a garage area I believe.

My brother and I were stuck FOREVER on that area of the game, not even sure if we ever actually beat it.

&#x200B;

On a side note, the very beginning of Witcher 2, the night time dock by the water was SOOO beautiful, the graphics felt unreal at the time of release.
                    Ha, spent hours on "tutorial" of Driver. It's even worse if you are just a kid that never read any English :D Just trial and error
            That's a good tip, I also attempted the first one before and yeah, it ain't a classic. 

Enjoyed the show but had literally no idea what was going on there either (starting to sound like it's my stupid brain actually)
                The first season is based on the first two books which were collections of short stories. The second issue is those three storylines did not all happen at the same time. Yennefer was trained long before she ever met Geralt. She was born in 1173 and finished training in 1186. Jaskier/Dandelion was born in 1229. So that kinda can help you line things up. Jaskier and Geralt meet in 1248, the same year they meet Yennefer, only 5 years before ciri is born in 1253 The episode with the dragon is in 1253 as well. And from there the timeline of the show largely syncs up. The Slaughter of Cintra and the battle of Sodden Hill both happen in 1263.

I really hope that helps make sense of it. There's more stories and details but that's the short version
                    I really don’t know why they didn’t post the time frame when it jumped back and forth. Like how hard would it be to post the years like you did. I knew it jumped around but had no idea it was that large of a gap
                The first season of the show was...not actually easy at all to understand with all the time skipping back and forth, actually, so maybe it isn't the best place to start. The second season was better!
                    First season gets much better on rewatch, knowing the time differences going in.
                1 was very difficult to get into, ended up watching a youtube that cut the game like a movie. Played though 2 which I absolutely loved and then got into 3. One of the first times I was so emotionally invested in a story I had to take a break, ad that was one of the first side quests!
    [deleted]
        I hated Gwent. I play card games irl and thought I would love it before I started playing since I love the mini games RPGs usually but I found it had no depth. Do not understand why everyone goes nuts for it.
            I loved Gwent precisely because I have never played or enjoyed card games, I think. It's just so simple.
                It's like the card game "war". So little depth - my numbers are bigger than your numbers, I win.   

"Ah yes, but do you play your big numbers earlier or later"?  

"It doesn't matter. All my numbers are bigger".
                    It's zugzwang, the game. With few exceptions (e.g. surgical scorches and the obligatory opening with a weird spy/dummy carousel) , ideal play is to not do anything the entire match then spam your weathers, horns, hand holding units, ruler powers, etc after your opponent has burned all of theirs. The game forces you to play a card so you play "starving conscript" to stall
            [deleted]
                “Aren’t you the Witcher who butchered all those people and who we are conditioned to hate?”
“Yes.”
“Oh, well, I’m the best Gwent player around, fancy a game?”
                    [deleted]
                        I suppose that's true - the game has some different takes on the characters compared to the book(s).
                    Some guy: "Screw you, get the hell out of my establishment"

Geralt: "How about a round of Gwent"

Some guy: *nods head in agreement*

I just love some of the people you can choose to play Gwent with.
                I love it, the feeling of winning Gwent is really nice. The random decks NPCs will have makes each a different type of challenge, forcing you to figure out a way to beat their lineup. It’s not a complex game in terms of goal (get your  numbers up as high as you can) but it was nice to figure out which cards should be used when and where.
            And then on the other side you have people who don't play Gwent because "card games are too complicated". Yes, I've seen them. lol.

Gwent in W3 is really basic but at least it's still more engaging than all those Dice Poker, Pazaak, Caravan etc. attempts before. I never played those if I could avoid it.
                Oh *god* Dice Poker was atrocious
                Caravan is not intuitive to learn but it's a much better game than Gwent, imo.
                    I'm not a fan of pure card games, I prefer my games to have a theme, even if superficial. Maybe I would've liked Caravan more if they made an effort and themed it like Gwent. I mean, it already has the building-a-caravan theme, it wouldn't be too hard to paint the cards as raiders, brahmin, traders and whatnot without changing the mechanics. It'd probably help with the learning, too - it's easier to remember that e.g. a Bandit removes cards rather than Jack, and illustrations are easier to recognize than classic card faces.
                Oh FUCK caravan.
            I agree, shallow and pedantic
                I thought it was perfectly cromulent.
                    Insubordinate and churlish
                        Tim-o-thee?
                            Hey guys, I gotta go. I'm late for chess club.
                                You look like you need a chest club.
                It *insists* upon itself.
                Perhaps...
                [deleted]
            You should try the actual spin off game Gwent. They expanded on the minigame a lot and it’s super fleshed out.

Also the cards all have a variant that moves which is cool.
                I miss the beta of this game. The new one is much worse imho. The beta they released had a nice balance, I played it a LOT.
            Yes, thank you! It's just a basic numbers game. The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between rounds. I love me some gambling/minigames, but I just couldn't get into Gwent, even though it's a legit quest line in W3.
                >The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between round

Guess you got basically nowhere with the deckbuilding? There's a lot you can do with weather, decoys, spies, buffs, medics etc.

One of the more fun tricks is to disable your own units with weather, play a strong combo like those two siege engines, and clear the weather at the last moment. For bonus points you can scorch the opponent's combo before clearing the weather.

Although eventually the meta kind of does settle into "whoever has more spies wins", especially if you play against Nilfgaard. And also, the AI is rather easy to trick, but that's AI for you...
                    Whoever thought spies were a good idea needs to be shot. It's card game 101 that you don't have cards that cycle themselves for 0 cost and give an advantage on top of that.
                        I think it's just the 0 cost unmovable hero that is OP, the other spies are giving the opponent something and they can return them via decoy, too. But the Golden 0 spy is less of a card and more of an instant tempo advantage cheat. No counterplay at all.
                            You're mad. All the spies are insanely broken. Sure you give them 5 points or so, but you get to draw 2 cards that will generate 10+ points each.
            I didn't play gwent the first time but have been playing on my second run.

It's a fun little minigame but I agree that is shallow; some players you simply can't beat because they have better cards. There is some strategy to it but it's frustrating when you play against someone and they can just thrash you with a stronger deck
        I think that in terms of card games that are present in video games, it's probably one of the best, due to the fact it's very simple to understand and the rules are consistent with only minor wrinkles. (It's not Triple Triad, is what I'm getting at.)  


However, it's SO disconnected from the tone of the rest of the game, and non-card rewards from playing are so minimal that I never felt like engaging with it. It felt very much like a way to pad out the game and/or player engagement with it.  


Hunting monsters absolutely makes sense as a side activity. I completely understand Geralt being like "Hey, there's monsters around and they're terrorizing these people. Time to get paid," because that's literally what his job is. So it's not weird to me for him to stop looking for Ciri (or Yen, or whoever) to do something like that. Same thing for finding places of power or treasure.   


But to literally spend in-game days or weeks playing cards? Nah.
            >But to literally spend in-game days or weeks playing cards? Nah.

Thematically, you gotta spend those evenings in the tavern somehow :-)

That's one aspect of being a fantasy adventurer that games don't and can't do well. Travelling takes weeks and you gotta eat and sleep every day, ideally under a roof.
                I really enjoy Skyrim modded to be that, but I accept that I'm weird and most people don't want that. With the right stuff it's like The Long Dark with monsters and quests.

Also, do Witchers sleep? I thought that was one of their mutations, that they don't necessarily need to or at least don't need nearly as much as the rest of us.
                    Afaik Geralt sleeps normally. I'd assume he maybe can stay awake longer than normal humans, but not by that much. Biologically he is still mostly human, just somewhat beyond peak human.

I don't enjoy it in games due to the world size and time scaling. If you need to sleep every ingme day, it's too often and becomes a boring routine. If you need to sleep too little, it barely has an effect on gameplays and you feel superhuman. It's hard to get the balance right.

But camping in Skyrim, ideally with the mods that add severe weather effects etc., that's occasionally fun. I once froze to death desperately trying to chop firewood, and that was a fun experience.
            > However, it's SO disconnected from the tone of the rest of the game, and non-card rewards from playing are so minimal that I never felt like engaging with it. It felt very much like a way to pad out the game and/or player engagement with it. 

As a mini-game, it seemed so tacked on and didn't make sense in the context of the rest of the game to me. Once the stand-alone game came out, it made a lot more sense as to why they did it.
        > Everybody seems to think it's one of the best parts of the game

It's an exaggeration. It's addictive once you get into it, but obviously not the main focus of the Witcher 3 game.
        [deleted]
            I never had to google Gwent, I thought it was fairly intuitive. You can get a little unlucky and just run into a super hard Gwent fight really early when your deck is crap, but I don't think it's insanely difficult to understand to the point that you'd have to look up tutorials.
                I don’t get that comment. I never searched a single guide on gwent. You just find cards and get better over the course of the game. Pretty simple. Some of the Ps1 era final fantasy card games were more complex.
                    Oh man I loved Triple Triad. But Gwent never stuck with me. Felt it was too R/P/S and super simple to the point of being boring.
                        I can still hear the music for Triple Triad. Good times.
                        I enjoyed gwent. Not gonna lie. But it was most definitely super basic. Loved triple triad as well.
                    Triple FUCKING Triad and its associated bullshit literally made me hate FF 8.
                [deleted]
                    Card games *really* aren't my thing either, which just made me love Gwent more because it was like *finally* a card game I can follow and actually enjoy!

I'm not saying I knew how to play immediately, got my ass handed to me a good few times before I'd nailed down an actual winnable strategy, but holding stronger cards back strategically only to have them play perfectly into your plan in the final round is so satisfying.
    [deleted]
        I love playing gwent. The only feeling better than beating the computer who is using better cards than yours is when you get those same cards yourself.
        There's a mod that turns all battles into Gwent games so you can progress the game that way!
    > The trick with this game is not feeling like you have to do every little piece of side content. 

I'd encourage this mindset. Being too f'kin busy to help is the most immersive feeling.
        Plus, Since there is random stuff all over, it leaves nothing to encounter after if you want to just explore the world.
Are you still in White Orchard?
    I thought the game was just meh until Velen really kicked in and the world opened up. After that I was hooked.
        Very true. The world felt small in White Orchard, but after Velen suddenly the world felt massive. Then I learned there is Skellige? That could have been a separate expansion area in any other RPG or MMOs, but it is part of the base game. Then Blood and Wine? Easily could have been a separate game but its an expansion.
        Top notch swords ?
        When I got to Velen, I thought the game was good. When I got to Novigrad, I felt like this is one of the games of all time. By the time the Credits rolled, it became an unmovable top 10 game for me.
    This... game really doesn't pick up imo until you leave the first zone White Orchard. (In my experience)
        Tbh I found the first half or so of Velen to be very meh as well. For me, the game didn't start picking up until you start learning more about the Red Baron's back story and his family.
            Yeah, Red Baron’s quest line is where it really kicked off for me.  Then it was epic for the rest of the game
                Screw that questline. Had my ass/donkey with me in the room straightup ugly cry.  What also compacted it was frustration from the spooky bois attacking.  Love the series and books but that was awful. @.@
            I'd add Novigrad into the meh category as well. Like holy shit there was a ton of fetch quests. Did I really need to track down 5 of Dandelions lovers all for them to not give me any info at all? Stuff like that.
            Yah, once I got to crow perch is when I knew I was hooked.
            Red Baron's thread is probably my favorite in the whole game.
        I admit I got through a few quests in Velen before I really understood the scope of it. For a while I was just like op. The Bloody Baron story is probably the proper kickoff for the game.

I think it was intentional. That’s right around when you’re getting comfortable with the mechanics (Inventory, resting, signs, gwent, little towns vs bigger ones, etc) but the game feels muddled. The Bloody Baron quest is there to say that no, you’re not missing anything, the world is muddled and we’re fully aware of it, and that there’s a lot of fun to be had when you can’t pin down a game in the first several hours. Like, ‘we can hide things around every corner, because you never really have your bearings.’

Or maybe that was just an accident. People definitely talk a lot about that questline though, it struck a nerve and personally I think it was planned.
        Until a fair chunk after really. First time I slogged through it I petered out around the Novigrad quests.
        Every time I see this shit said abiut a game, it just does the opposite of what you all intend. If your game doesn't get good until you leave the area thats designed to hook new players into it, you've made a mistake somewhere along the way. Especially when fans of the game say this themselves. New players shouldn't be wanting to quit while still in the part of the game meant to draw them in. That's a bad first impression.
            it get's "better". It's like Dragon Age Inquisition's Hinterlands. Or playing Vermintide 2 and being gate kept by difficulties that contain the real fun. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a slow burn at the beginning until it opens up (though it's just paced like that). There are tons of games, especially long ones that take a second to kickstart and yeah, it's a flaw generally but if the rest of the experience makes up for it then it's still worth it. It's basically the inverse of games like Elden Ring for me, where it starts up amazing and then ends sort of meh though obviously it's all subjective. 

It took me about 3 playthroughs for Skyrim and the Witcher 3 to finally get past the opening parts and get to the better content, but I quit mostly because I knew they were going to be big undertakings and not cause I expected all the player acclaimed greatness to be upfront
            Fairly sure the Witcher 3 is pretty well received and did things quite right.
        For me, the game never picked up and actually got worse and worse over time.  I think it was when you fought the Wild Hunt at Kaer Morhen where it dropped down to one of the worst games I'd ever played.  That is easily the worst quest I've ever seen in a  game and the biggest example of ludonarrative dissonance where they paint the Wild Hunt as being tough foes you have to plan around but were so laughably, pathetically weak outside of cutscenes that it was funny.
        Maybe this is the issue I have always had with the game.  The first time I played, I got a little bit past White Orchard.  The other 4 times I have tried to play the game, I kill the Griffon and just feel bored with the game so I quit.
    Definitely. There’s not many quests AT ALL in the game that require you to set bait for a monster. Like, maybe 4-5 tops. This is such a White Orchard take it’s not even funny
    "The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain"
    Everybody told me you have to at least do the Bloody Baron questline, so I did. It didn’t convince me to keep playing. The game has pretty good writing, it just doesn’t have anything else to write home about.
I can't tell you how many times I've seen pretty much this exact post across several years, subreddits, other forums, apps, websites... The game isn't for everyone and I wish it wasn't advertised as such.

Personally, it's probably my favorite game ever. I love the story, the writing, the setting, and the characters. I love that you can make big choices that feel real and weighty. The graphics and art direction are awesome and there are so many beautiful set pieces. I love the score too. I even like the combat, which seems universally hated, so I guess I don't really have high standards in that department. The only thing I really dislike is the clunky movement and inventory. The progression system is lame too tbh. But I have an easy time overlooking that because I love the rest so much. 

The thing is, before I ever played the Witcher series I already knew that it was right up my alley. Especially after playing the first two games, the third blew me away. But the problem is that if you aren't already predisposed to like the game, you will hate it, and all the more so because it has (had?) this reputation of being the best game ever. So don't worry, you're not alone in being disappointed.
    Kind of reminds me of RDR2. I've seen many complaints about it's slow pace and "poor gameplay" but it's one of the best games I've ever played IMO. 

You can't please everyone.
        That is a very good comparison IMO, because RDR2 also has some of the same critical points or weaknesses as the witcher. You really have to accept some strange and clunky gameplay to get into it.   


For me, RDR2 is still good enough to pull me in, witcher is not. But I still have to say, that I need the right mood for RDR2, I need some energy to get into the gameplay. A friend told me to use a controller instead of mouse + keyboard, which makes it a bit better, but it's so complicated, that after a month break I just don't know how to play the game anymore and I give up, because of the strange save system. I just need to re-learn mechanics and then reload, but the game doesn't allow that....
            Another thing both games have in common: they’re at their best when you’re just traveling around *edit: and engaging with content as it comes by*.

Kill the hud and any on-screen info, mount your horse and explore, forget the main story.

Absolutely immersive, great encounters and side quests, no collectible shit, fantastic experience. True “open worlds” in my mind.
                Do you play games to put you to sleep? I hate this no HUD trend. I want info, and I want content, not wandering on a horse
                    I had no idea this was a trend now, it’s just immersive.

And why would you avoid info and content? You’re playing as a real witcher, arriving in a village, learning of a monster, finding ways/potions to kill it. Or as a real outlaw. Just without the dissonance of the main quest urging you on.

As for not liking the travel part, the better part of the games market is games that allow you to score/kill/jump/collect without riding a horse or travelling and immersing you in a world. I’m not too excited by those anymore. Maybe there’s a place for both things.
                    Cool then keep it enabled, no one's forcing you to turn it off...lol
                So the games are so good that you can have fun just doing nothing but traveling around? But only if you define "just traveling around" as "actually playing the game and not just wandering".

Also no, they aren't. From someone's who's 100% completed both, multiple times. The games are exceptionally boring to just travel around. Red dead is prettier to do that with by far, so there's that, but to actually just walk/ride around and nothing else? That's the cure for insomnia.
                    Disagreed. Love wandering around
            Man...I wish you could finish it. The game is so emotionally impactful and the characters just feel so real. I don't know, I think it would be worth it for you just to complete the story, you don't have to 100% it. I get it though.
                I still plan it! I just have to ignore the fact, that relearning it will have some bad consequences in the game, that I can't really avoid. Maybe I'll just veeeery cautiously try to get into it again by hunting or something like that, to just relearn the mechanics. Maybe somewhere at the edge of the map, where it doesn't have too much impact.
                    Did you ever end up finishing it?(thoughts?)



Edit: no idea why my flair is that game out of everything lol
                        Still want to, especially after finding out it runs great on my steamdeck. But first I have to finish Elden Ring, which my friends made me finally start too...
            [deleted]
                I thought it also changed other facts than only the exact location, I think some reactions of people and especially bounties were not reset by loading the old save. Also, if the location differs, it's not a true manual save, is it? So yeah, I at least didn't fully understand the manual save system. If it would fully reset the game to an earlier state, I should be fine to get back into the game.
            When I started witcher 3, I was really hyped because it had the same characteristics as my favorite game of all time,Rdr2.

But the more I played it, the more I realized that they're COMPLETELY different. They have some similarities at face value but when you look deeper they really don't.

1- Open world: Yes, both have big open worlds, but red dead's world is much more interactive and discreet than the witcher's, examples: 1-rdr2 has very few side quests but all of them are great, the witcher has a ton of side quests, some great some average. 2-rdr2 has a lot of easily missable random encounters that have no cutscenes and come out of nowhere, in the witcher 3, these types of encounters always include rpg style cutscenes. 3-You can kill, rob, greet npc's in red dead and all of them have schedules and different personalities. Witcher's npc's are like wooden posts that repeat the same lines over and over. 4- While riding your horse in red dead, it is mostly quiet with little cowboy jingles and melodies that play every now and then without you even noticing and make exploring the world a more immersive experience. The music in witcher 3 is on full blast all the time.

2-Clunky movement: Geralt feels weightless and him and roach get stuck on everything. Arthur feels heavy, him and his horse collides with and crashes into everything.

3-Good story: The story in red dead is told with beautiful cinematic cutscenes and requires no lore to understand, you can't change its outcome, it's like a movie. The witcher 3's story requires a lot of lore to truly appreciate and strives on being a videogame story changeable with choices the player makes, it has cinematic cutscenes but they're few and far between, the story is mostly told through rpg 1 on 1 cutscenes which are a pet peeve of mine.

4-Mediocre gameplay: The witcher's 3's gameplay is a lot deeper than red dead's, but the thing is it sucks! With red dead, I was able to simply go: "just shoot people in the head lol", but the witcher has crafting, enchantments, mutations, skills.... Which imo ended up being the most boring part of the game, but it kinda ruined it for me because I couldn't ignore it at all, I tried playing around with them and it was boring as shit.

That's all I remember but I think I got my point accross, they're night and day different, for me at least.
                Very good explanation! That makes sense and solidly explains, why I got into one and not the other.
        This is why finding reviewers that like the same things you do is important.  The general consensus doesn't matter as much.  

Some people find RDR2 and the Witcher 3 immersive, other find them to be extended horse simulators.
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
                ... And you seldom buy stuff in that game anyways. Felt like I pretty much just spent my money on clothes or customizing my gun, lol.
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
            Lol, after RDR2 every other games random ‘run over something to pick it up’ feels really naff now and totally takes me out of the experience. I remember going into a shop and being able to pick everything up and manipulate it in your hand and thinking - this is the new bar right here. Always amazes me to see complaints from people about how the game is too interactive/realistic/immersive.
        All I'm seeing in this thread, and sub in general, is the same shit I've seen across every gaming sub. A bunch of people who think you cannot have any substantial criticism of a game while still liking it. It's just a circle jerk one way or another.

Rdr2 is one of my favorite games ever. The gun play is fucking boring. Role playing is damn near non existent, and what little bit of it you can engage in is half assed and pointless(camp system/donations, honor system etc). The game can't figure out if it's an open world "see that mountain? You can climb it" sandbox or a rough and tumble, Dirty cowpoke Sim or a spaghetti western movie and the game feels spread too thin in a lot of spots. 

I could go on, but thay doesn't mean I don't enjoy the game. Yet all I see anywhere I go is people seemingly under the belief that if you criticize something in anyway, you cannot really be a fan. And if you're a fan, you can't possibly have anything more than very minor nitpicks.
        Yeah I heard so many complaints at launch that I ignored it for a year. When I finally tried it the game replaced Witcher 3 as my favorite story focused game.
        Yeah I found RDR2 to be midnumbingly boring, but most people find it to be phenomenal. I love Talos principle, most people find it boring. Different strokes, and that's OK,
            I have mixed feelings on RDR2. As an open world sim, the pure sandbox experience it offers is unmatched. But the campaign is not interesting to play through at all. While the narrative is great, the story missions are tedious and repetitive.
    I wish everyone were this reasonable about it. I think that's the biggest issue with the game, is that there's a lot of people in the fandom who have been shouting down criticisms over the years, which then leads to people who otherwise might not have been interested to try and take it up. I respect that you love it and that it's many people's favorite game, I just wish more of them could respect that isn't the same for everyone. 

For me personally, I love a good story, but mechanics are also extremely important, so I found it pretty bland. If I had seen these complaints previous to buying it, I might have passed and would have no reason to be critical. But instead, most of what I saw was how it was the greatest thing ever and a total rejection of any attempt at fair criticisms. So I played through the whole thing just waiting for it to get better, which it never did for me.
        You're 100% right, even as a huge fan I can't help rolling my eyes at the circlejerk.These days it seems like every popular game gets the same treatment. Nobody seems to realize that games are hit or miss by nature. People like different things. What you end up with is people such as yourself who feel misled, overwhelmingly disappointed, and annoyed because fans can't go 3 seconds without saying the game is perfect or else they'll self-destruct. 

Like all games, TW3 does certain things well but falls short in other areas. If someone likes it or not is entirely dependent on what they enjoy in video games. I wouldn't even recommend it to most of my friends because I know it would bore the shit out of them, and there's nothing wrong with that.
        Thank you! I think that's a really good take and it helps me to just accept, that I don't like it and I won't pressure myself to go through it.
    Personally I think TW3 is a great game that is actively bogged down by its RPG elements, and would have been better off as an action-adventure game. Which is why its odd to me that a lot of people call it one of the best RPGs of all time. Are the best RPGs the best at being RPGs, or just the best games that happen to be RPGs?
        I tend to agree with you. The choice / consequence elements are implemented very well imo but the skills & progression system is totally lackluster and could have been left out entirely. The looting & gearing is also trash and really only serves as a weak system to support the witcher armor set crafting.
            I HATE the Diablo-style loot system in everything that isn't a straight dungeon crawler.
            The problem with the loot is that all of it sucks compared to the Witcher sets. When a king gifts you his ancestral sword and it's worse than the last 2 swords you've crafted it feels pretty disappointing.
                However the witcher sets will all be out levelled. Because loot progresses with your level where as the witcher sets don't.

I've spent and entire evening killing cows to craft the grandmaster feline set, and then bam,  random sword that drops was better stats.

I was over levelled because I spend a lot of time on the side quests.
                    witcher really isn't designed to be played like that but it encourages you to go out and explore. it's a weird mismatch.   

also fyi the witcher sets have cumulative power effects and are cumulatively better than stuff even 5 levels above them. or just download a mod that auto levels the witcher set to your level which is what i did
        Why the fuck is Geralt of Rivia, a dude who's been canonically fucking up monsters for longer then you've probably been alive, leveling up and unlocking basic abilities again?
        > Personally I think TW3 is a great game that is actively bogged down by its RPG elements, and would have been better off as an action-adventure game. Which is why its odd to me that a lot of people call it one of the best RPGs of all time. Are the best RPGs the best at being RPGs, or just the best games that happen to be RPGs?

You're talking about gameplay RPG elements? Because people usually praise the story RPG elements (choices and consequences of your actions).
    [deleted]
        “The story” kind of undersells it. I think it’s the tone. I’ve played a lot of games with practically the same mechanics but Witcher has a tone that gives a lot of smaller touches a weight they wouldn’t have in similar games. It’s “grim” but in a way that doesn’t dwell on it. Like everyone wants to move past awful things to the point that they don’t even mention them. Kind of like the real world to an extent, so it feels relatable.

Now obviously to get this tone they have a great story as the backbone and the voice acting, conversational scenes, world, graphics, music, gwent, etc so you can pick them apart individually and appreciate them, but they all serve the awesome tone this game has.
            The tone of the game is why it's one of my favorite all-time games. I can't really describe it but man the tone of that game just feels almost magical. Talking to an NPC when it's raining and there's just this sense of dread and despair through the main game that I've never encountered in any other. It's just absolutely fantastic.
                I’d call it “Earthy.” I’ve never played a game that felt earthy before.
                    Gothic 1&2 do earthy so much better.
            Very well said. I played W3 years ago, and just picked up the much-maligned Cyberpunk this week. It's no W3, but I'm honestly loving it so far, largely due to the skill of CDPR in establishing a relatable, real-feeling tone and setting. 

There are plenty of throwaway side quests I don't care about, but then there are also many where I find myself legit caring about the characters, getting wrapped up in their stories and choked up at the emotional bits. That's very rare for me in games.

These games are ultimately Eurojank, and a staple of that sub-genre is an emphasis on pulling you into a game world via world-building and characters, rather than perfectly polished combat and lack of bugs. They have a very different, narratively-driven approach to immersion.
                When you described Eurojank I immediately thought of the Chernobyl games.

I watched a lot of reviews when Cyberpunk came out hoping someone would mention the tone or “feel” of the game world besides it falling apart every ten seconds. I’m not sure the gaming media has picked up on why it was so important for Witcher. But I’m glad you at least said it’s right and I’ll have that to look forward to in ten years when the game is fixed.
            They knew what they were doing with setting the tone, It's this "tone" you are talking about that makes me appreciate the Witcher 3 more than other average RPGS or action-adventure games. The weather team and those behind the art directions did an incredible job, all that complimentet by an amazing soundtrack. You could tell they knew what they were doing by having Gerald murmuring randomly "Wind's howling". It feels very intentional and it sticked with many of the players. 

I can't even say it's one of my top 5 games and I agree with most criticism, I am not even sure I liked the overall plot although I loved the relationships between these characters, especially Geralt and Ciri, but nevertheless the game feels special because of that reason.
        [deleted]
            The problem with the story is the problem I have with a lot of open world RPG's.  What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.  It's not bad it's just not as satisfying.  Which is obviously a subjective thing.

In TW2 for example, you progress through a story.  Depending on your choices, it influences the second chapter.  Depending on your choices there, it influences the third chapter.  The story builds and grows.

In TW3 the story keeps resetting.  You kill or 'save' the Baron.  Then it resets and you decide to kill or support Stali...Radovid.  Then it resets and you decide to side with Cerys or her brother.  Then it resets and...

Nothing builds.  The story keeps resetting and nothing has any impact on anything else until you get to the end game.  And all that changes in the end game really is what NPC's show up to not do anything useful and what slides you get in the post game.

Or put another way, TW3 is basically 4 short stories with an epilogue that ties everything together in the end with cameo's.  TW1 and 2 are novels.
                This is a good analysis of the story. A similar example of this is the Mass Effect trilogy because all of the subplots wind up being mostly inconsequential to the ending, although the trilogy does have a more cohesive plot than TW3.

I disagree a little bit about "nothing building," because there are plot threads that build up to finding Ciri and it does a decent job of that. Ignoring the final act, this is really the main objective of the game, and even though the individual acts are all pretty standalone they do tie into the search for Ciri in a way that is satisfying to me.

But you're spot on in the sense that it's more like an episodic game with a whole bunch of side stories and then a pretty much unrelated overarching plot in the form of the Wild Hunt, which is unfortunately the weakest and most under-developed story in the game.
                To be fair that's mostly what the book series is like- Geralt and his friends going on adventures around the globe as they search for Ciri, more or less.
                > What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.

That was my biggest gripe, too. It'd be less of a problem if the world and the marketing hadn't promised interactivity that would never be delivered. Instead, it's just a slightly better Ubisoft game.

So many missed opportunities, though. Some minor tweaking would have allowed for a much more dynamic main storyline, and it's so irritating that they sacrificed that interactivity to railroad players through one specific outcome. It's basically a JRPG in disguise.
        [deleted]
            > It is like, for example, when I played Fallout New Vegas and realized that most of the villages had plantations around them, something that does not exist in most TES games or in Fallout 3. I always wondered, "but what do these people eat or where does the food come from", and then you look and think, "oh this is where it comes from". The world of Witcher 3 answers several of these seemingly unnecessary questions, which makes it an extremely enjoyable experience to me.

There are a fair few times when they fucked that up as well, though. For instance, clear out a monster nest and the villagers instantly repopulate the area, as if they were hiding in a nearby tree while you were dropping bombs into a pile of leaves. It'd be so much more immersive if you had nothing happen, but found that they'd moved back in after a few in-game days had passed and you trotted through the area again.
                [deleted]
                    > maybe they were afraid that many players would not come back through that village and would not realize what happened. I bet that's why they decided to do it in such a forced way.

And what's weird about _that_ is that the way the described it pre-release sounded like they were doubling down on the more long-term way of doing it. In reality, I think they just didn't have time to do the more complex version and so went with that simpler, identical cut-scene every time.

>Still, when I compare it to what I saw at the time in most other open world games, Witcher 3 still managed to set up a much nicer illusion of a "real" world. But ultimately it is always an illusion, and if you look closely you will always find the cracks. For me, Witcher 3 was the game (at least until that point in time) that best hid most of them.

That's fair. It's the best of a group of games that have aged very poorly since Breath of the Wild released. 

As for NPCs, the only ones that I think actually work in these games are those in Bethesda's titles. For all their flaws - and, dear lord, do they have a terrifying list of flaws - the ability to have a named NPC with a distinct backstory and personality (kind of) traipse across Skyrim with you and then _find their own way home_ when you part ways is basically untouchable in modern gaming. They don't have the depth or detail that later games - including Witcher 3 - allowed for, but they interact with the world in the same way as the player does, and that makes such a big difference.
    I concur. Witcher 3 is not for everyone, and definietly has faults. 

But this is true for the crpg genre I think. At least I cannot name a perfect title. 

For me probably Bloodlines and New Vegas is closest to the ideal, but I am the first to admit that combat is trash in both games. 

On the other hand Dragon's Dogma has awesome gameplay, brilliant combat, but you can see better plot/voiceover in porn...
    Great points. I absolutely knew I would love it before I tried it, and it's perhaps a top 15 game ever (out of 600+) for me. Yet I also knew that it would simply not be for everyone and could certainly see where/why people would bounce off entirely.
    can I ask... is it important to have played the previous 2 games? I have tried numerous times to get into Witcher 1 and 2 but the gameplay is just way too clunky for me. I have heard that the gameplay is way better in 3, but story wise will I be lost?
        I don't really think it's crucial to play the others because TW3 is pretty self-contained, but they definitely add a lot to the experience in terms of having some background and being invested in the characters & setting. The first one is notoriously hard to get through but I do enjoy it for what it is. I think TW2 is a pretty solid game but it's definitely a little clunky. Overall if you're the kind of person who is unfazed by janky games they're worth playing, but if you aren't then I'd skip them.
        Here is my suggestion:  
  
Start Witcher 3, do the quests in the first "tutorial zone" (this can be several hours there is a fair amount to do there).  
  
Then you are taken somewhere and gameplot discusses a bit about events earlier in the series. At this point save your game and go to r/gamesthemovie and watch the "movie" version of Witcher1 and 2  
  
Then go back to your W3 save and you can answer person's questions about stuff.  
  
If you watch the movie version of W1&2 before even starting W3 then many of the names and places might go in one ear and out the other. but if you get a taste for W3 and its world and then watch the W1&2 movies I think it works best
        I played 3 without playing the other two. I think I just watched a YouTube summary of the first two games. 3 starts off with like a story graphic to try get you all caught up.
        I started with 3, was a little lost, but like eventually it all clicked. The first area you're in is kind of a slog but once you're out of there everything starts to pick up and eventually I wasn't lost on the story anymore. 

If you don't mind reading or listening to audio books you could catch up on some of Geralt's background with the books/audiobooks that inspired the games.
        Nah, you don't need to play those games. The story introduces the characters really well and you can always read their bios.
        I got it on a huge steam sale without having played the previous games. I completely went against my principle io always seeing storues from the start for basically the only time in my life but I understood the story quite well. The one part I did struggle with was picking some choices at the beginning that were impactful choices in the previous games, and I of course had no fucking clue what any of them meant but I just picked what sounded best from the zero context I had and while I did end up being called a butcherer once or twice well y'know, shit happens.
        Everyone you meet has a write up in your journal that you can read from the menu. It's more than enough to catch up with the story. I didn't know anything about The Witcher going in and still enjoyed it a lot.
    It also became super cool and trendy to hate or just not like a game very much that is generally a really popular game. Same with Final Fantasy 7. it used to be or still is the most popular one but some people seem to just dislike it for that exact reason.
> it involves tedious grinding smaller mobs to get a specific drop

This is unnecessary, and is probably why you're not having a fun time. Ignore the grind, you'll get good enough weapons as a matter of course just by playing through story and side-quest missions, either as rewards or as drops from higher level enemies when you find them. If you want the game to be fun, don't do the things that aren't fun.
    Yeah I'm not sure what they're referring to about this - I don't ever remember having to do any tedious grinding of monster mobs. Or even having to try to find specific drops at all. Maybe once or twice way late in the game, when I got OCD about trying to get ingredients for a totally unnecessary potion.
        I've played the game to completion like three or four times and I don't even know what's meant by "monster mobs" or drops. 

I never went out of my way to ever go for loot because you're naturally stumble along some good stuff out of nowhere in obvious places.
    Exactly, this was a complaint I had. Getting a new weapon never felt cool to me, because I was constantly getting better and better stuff.
    I agree. "grind through several hours of the same faceless mobs".  I cannot remember any of the sort, and I played through it 3 times, DLC and all. 

Maybe take a break from the hunts and concentrate on the story missions a while, let them carry you away.
        I haven't a fucking clue what they are on about regarding grinding in the witcher, it's literally not even a thing.
    I didn't do any grinding in my entire 150 play through OP. I do remember getting my ass kicked by minor enemies like wolves right at the beginning though but that improved quickly.
    Yeah, I have no idea why OP felt that they needed to grind. The only grinding I had to do was to level up my Aerondight and even that was really quick, using the bear fast travel trick in Kaer Morhen.
    For what it's worth, I aggressively avoided time-wasting and still burned out after 10 hours or so, because it seemed like the main interesting content was separated by a huge amount of tedious gameplay.
        I'm the complete opposite, I don't recall any part of the game tedious in the slightest - not on rails, no grinding, just doing whatever and coming across random quests and monsters.

What did you find tedious ?
            Combat boils down to orbiting enemies, hitting them with a sword, occasionally using a power to get a mild advantage. It got old very fast.

Also, traversing the world became a chore.

And finally, the rewards. How oh how I got sick of swapping for a new sword every six minutes to gain 3% advantage.
                Sounds like you just don't like the game at all 

The last point is not even valid, anything less than death march and you rarely need to even change your sword.

On my recent play through I think I'm 10 hours in and have changed my sword once, only because it was part of a set.
    This exactly. I hate gwent, stopped playing it, it hadn't been a problem ad I'm more than halfway through.
The thing about Witcher 3 is the lore is really deep. The problem is I just really don't care
Lower the difficulty all the way down, do not concern yourself with grinding or gear management. Items scale in such a way that a supposed unique top item quest reward becomes unviable and weaker than plain regular loot you get a level or two later. 

W3 is memorable just because of the story and quests, so forget the tedium and breeze through them instead. Not everything about the game is good. I also played it years later and just cheated to save time.
    >Lower the difficulty all the way down, do not concern yourself with grinding or gear management

I've never particularly loved the combat in any of the Witcher games, but I was fine enough with it to get through the first two on normal. I'm like halfway through TW3 now finally though, and dropping the difficulty all the way down like 20 hours in was the best decision I've made. I don't find the combat all that satisfying, so having it end quicker so I can get back to the world and story and characters is great for me. Those are the things that I'm really enjoying about it, and spending more of my time with those and less with fighting and Gwent is just making it even better for me.
        All you need to invest your points in is light attack. You own every fight
            Yeah even on Death March once you have that spin to win move it's so stupidly easy.
            I loved turning Geralt into a bladed dreidel and spin attacking mooks into mince meat
    I cranked the difficulty up and loved the combat. You have to do some serious rolling to fight more difficult enemies. I enjoyed the combat. Maybe that’s just me.
        [deleted]
            That’s a great way to describe it. I didn’t read any of the books. But I usually crank up difficulty on games anyways for funsy because it makes you use the in game systems more. I really got sucked in though and went full Witcher mode. I knew all the enemy types in the end and was using the proper spells and oiling up swords without even thinking about it. The story was just the icing on the cake for me. Great game.
                In short you either play as the unstoppable geralt of rivia, superhuman Witcher and monster slayer extraordinaire, or on death March, you have to *be* him to succeed
            >  really get into the Witcher mindset. the preparation, the precise tactics and strategy, the weaknesses of the monster you're fighting, etc.

Yea, that's absolutely how it should be played. Alchemist/Swordfighting witcher with very minimal use of magic. I guess many people want to just go in and slash things. Maybe that takes away too much of the atmosphere.
                Yea, effective sign use is important tho
        I agree, particularly on a second run through having the difficulty on max forces you to fight well or die, and you definitely won't get away with taking on monsters >5 levels above you. Additionally restoring vitality becomes more difficult so it's ads to the survival aspect
        [deleted]
            Between the mutations and having to decide whether to increase physical damage, commit to potions and concoctions, or go full magic I felt it was pretty diverse. Some of the battles with dragons and griffins were extremely hard. Don’t get me started on the asshole high level wraiths.
    > I also played it years later and just cheated to save time.

There are also some imo must have QOL mods on nexus mods like unlimited weight limit, unlimited durability and show all quest markers that greatly reduce the grind and improve the overall experience
        I dunno man, I kinda think it reflects really negatively on a game if you can describe a handful of QOL mods as "must have".
            Skyrim and the Unofficial Patch?
                Are you asking me if I think it reflects negatively on a game that was released I don't even know how many times without fixing some stuff that fans fixed years ago in their spare time?

If you're asking that, then yes I think it reflects negatively on Skyrim.
                    Good. You're at least consistent. 👍
    This, and don't throw away your beginner armor!  The upgrades you find for it are better than anything you find randomly in the world.
        Also, iirc, some of the absolute most expensive. I remember spending an eye watering amount on the Master wolf school armor.
This is a game that I think suffers the most at the medium difficulty level unfortunately.  At the harder levels all the oils and potions and bombs go from something that is nice to have to life or death necessities.  You actually have to read the monster lore and prep accordingly and while the actual battle mechanics still remain kind of meh, the extra challenge and level of engagement with the lore kind of makes up for it.

If you aren't interested in engaging with all of that however, you might as well bump the difficulty down and enjoy the story so the combat is less tedious IMHO.

And like others have said, don't get bogged down in every side quest.  There are so many you can burn yourself out.  You might want to lookup a list of best side quests so you can get the really well written ones and skip the filler.
    I played it once at medium difficulty and loved it. Though I might have loved anything back then since it was my first PS4 game. Tried it on Death March later and it's an entirely different game.

The downside is that some enemies get a huge health bar and it's a chore to take them down, but managing potions, bombs, oils made the game so much better. And the food, at lower difficulties you can sell all the food you have since you'll refill your health by meditating, but at Death March you need it so bad you'll end up buying it every now and then.

And this is coming from someone who usually plays games at easy-medium difficulty, I usually enjoy getting through the story without suffering with combat, but in this case it adds a lot to the experience.
    I played it on Death March from the start, and every battle I can remember was pretty easily doable just with sidestep-stab-sidestep-stab over and over. Eventually I just stopped bothering with potions and prep (especially as the UI for potions is awful and takes forever to find the one you need by tooltipping over each one).
    This ! It clicked for me once I played it on death March. Suddenly everything has impact and every enemy was challenging and boss fight are as epic as in the books. But of course it’s not for everyone
Different strokes for diff folks. Played through all 3 games a couple years ago and it was one of the best gaming experiences I’ve ever had. My W3 play through was glorious.
Hard to explain but this is one of the rare games I got completely enthralled in. Something just felt right about riding around and finding things to come across.

Not many games provided the same feeling like W3 did.
I feel like you're dramatically overstating how much "grinding" there is. This is simply not a game in which you need to fight the same groups of enemies over and over before progressing to the next story content. I have no idea why you would spend hours doing that as the game neither encourages nor rewards it.

And that's fortunate, because I find The Witcher 3 mechanically underwhelming across the board. Combat is simplistic, imprecise, not very well balanced, and not even particularly satisfying in terms of feedback. Movement is stiff and floaty. The appeal lies in the fun quest storytelling.
    In fact the game actively discourages grinding by making lower level monsters give almost 0 xp.
        Mods can fix all three problems lol. Make enemies more innovative in their attack patterns, add additional combat options and combos for Geralt, and make it worthwhile to fight monsters that you don't really need to.

You can even have a cape while doing it. God I love mods.
    Yeah I'm kind of puzzled as to what op is talking about as far as grinding goes. Even on the highest difficulty you get all the gear and xp you need by just playing the main quest
        The last time I played the game I intentionally avoided all side content to do a narratively canonical run (due to the high stakes) of just playing the main storyline and not once was I forced to halt my progression. 

At the absolute worst I think I ended up being only 5 levels below the recommended by the end of the 40+ hour story and it wasn't enough to cause a problem.
            I’m about halfway through the game for the first time and I really appreciate how you can be properly leveled by just doing the main story. IMO a huge issue with some worse, similar games like Assassin’s Creed Origins is that the side content is required to keep up level wise and a lot of it sucks. Maybe some of Witcher 3’s side content is boring too, but I don’t know because I only have to do what I want.
    This is kind of what I experienced.  I thought the combat and controls were kind of clunky, but it never seemed like it was very "grindy."  I wish the controls were better because the characters, lore, setting and even the npc's were very interesting to me.
        Controls is the number 1 complaint of everyone one, even from people who love the game. This is however the first time I hear somebody complain about it being grindy...
    It sounds more like OP went into the rpg expecting grinding so they went in grinding and was surprised it didn't help.
        This is almost too accurate. It’s exactly what I thought when reading the post.
    In my first run I would stop and kill anything that startled me, even the wolves. It became boring, then I realized you're supposed to just ignore everything that's not meaningful, or you'll be stuck killing drowners and ghouls forever.
    The first time I played the game I left White Orchard, found myself in Velen and started heading towards the Red Baron. On the side of the road there's a group of bandits. They start attacking as I get close, and an arrow one shots me. So, obviously I need to clear them out. Didn't understand that I could block arrows, got annoyed that sneaking was not an option, my crossbow was useless, and these guys just kept killing me because I wasn't dodging. So I figured, huh, maybe I'm underleveled for Velen. Went back to White Orchard, killed more stuff, those guys still kept killing me. WTF?

Later I realized, oh, maybe I'll just gallop past them.
    fighting mooks when there's no quest is (like in real life) not very rewarding
    My experience was hearing about everyone giving up on the game after 100 hours of side content and never finishing the main plot. So I thought, okay I'll only do the plot and ignore all side content. I left White Orchards without investigating a single ? on the map which also meant I didn't get any places of power, and I did no side quests which meant I came across very little loot.

I got to Velen and tried to continue only following the storyline. I took the lowest level main quest and started that.

Even with an NPC sidekick and being on the second lowest difficulty, I was getting destroyed in this quest. So, I kinda feel like doing some side quests and hunting down places of power became necessary for me.
    Agreed, I'm constantly overlevelled in this game and never grind
OP, what RPG or other types of games did you enjoy for comparison purposes?
The Witcher 3 was the perfect demonstration that hype should be ignored and I should listen to my own instincts. Very little about the game or franchise really appealed to me before I played it, but the hype was so off the charts that I felt I had no choice but to try it. I mean, I do love a good story in a game, so I figured I might at least enjoy that much.

I gave it two solid attempts; the second I reached close to 20 hours I think. I really did not enjoy it *at all*. I just kept going and saying to myself: "This? *This* is what people have been saying is the best thing they've ever played?"

But honestly, the fault lies with me. I knew going in that I wasn't that excited, and the fact that I let the hype push me to play it made me even more critical of it in the end, and I still feel a little bitter about it -- to the point where I post every time a thread like this comes up, haha 🙊

Same thing happened with me and Horizon Zero Dawn, actually. Except in that case I made an even bigger mistake and played through to the end because "the story alone is worth it", as many people urged. I came away fucking *hating* that game. Ugh.

TL;DR: I learned to trust my own tastes/instincts and ignore hype.
This game is praised so much for its story not its gameplay. While I never had any problem with the combat and enjoyed it there are many people who dislike it. You play this game for the interesting and beautiful world, the characters, the stories. Each quest is a new little adventure and i think there are very few quests that don't have at least some interesting part to it. Play it mainly for the story and never grind and i think you will have a better time. 

If you still don't like it put it away. Many people love it but that doesn't mean you have to too.
    I think it's praised mostly for the world tbh. The "feeling" of it, the atmosphere and the worldbuilding... if it grows on you there's nothing quite like it. The writing being good just makes it even better but I would argue that it recieved praise for isolated brilliant moments rather than as a "full narrative". At least I don't see much praise for the *plot* and more so for the story. You like the characters, you like the decisions they have to make, specially in the side missions (baby in the oven, etc).

But yeah, the gameplay is nothing special, though in my case, it never got in the way of the other enjoyable aspects of the experience.

OP, if you're reading this, wait until you're done with the main storyline of Velen. The one involving the Red Baron. If you do not like it by the end of it it won't be your cup of tea. But it's definitely worth hanging around until you see it all wrap up.
        "The writing being good just makes it even better but I would argue that it recieved praise for isolated brilliant moments rather than as a "full narrative". At least I don't see much praise for the plot and more so for the story."

This was my main take away from it - its got moments of greatness here and there but I wouldn't describe the actual plots as anything that blows me away. The main villians are rather lackluster which is made even worse by the Crones being intruiging villians who promptly vanish and then pop back up to be dealt with by a side track.

The Radovid storyline for me was especially lackluster and sort of dropped the ball at the end from a writing persepective.
        > But it's definitely worth hanging around

oof
    Agreed. I’ve never wanted to like a game more. The story is good, the way it’s told is great. Love the visuals and the presentation, the world and world-building, the characters, etc. 

Actually *playing* the game I found a bit tedious after a while. I’ve been playing it off and on since 2018 and am nearly finished, mostly because if I put it down for more than a few days I have a real hard time convincing myself to pick it back up again. Mostly just trying to see how the story ends at this point. 

At least exploring the world itself is usually fun, even if the combat and other mechanics fall flat for me. Hate the Gwent crap, hate the crafting system, the horse racing mini game… I don’t begrudge anyone else for loving this game, because there’s a lot to like, but I think it’s just not for me. Or maybe I’m just burned out on open world RPGs at this point.
I feel the same about the main game. but the DLCs are truly amazing because their main stories are paced a million times better and much more consistently well written. You’re not as level gated and don’t have to look for X who knows where Y is who knows where Z is who may have seen Ciri, doing a bunch of chores in the process.

Also much of the experience depends on your own ability to balance out main quests with side content to not get burnt out or miss out on the open world.
    Same thoughts here. I remember a few epic scenes from the main game and some great side quests, but “Hearts of Stone” and “Blood and Wine” are the all-around best parts of the game, especially for their narratives.
I feel like I'm the only one who hates Geralt's voice acting. Sounds like he's gargling gravel the whole time.
I had the exact same experience as you. Listened to the hype for years, finally bought in, and was extremely disappointed. 

I agree that the it’s in no way a bad game, just….. not great? Certainly overhyped imo. I found the combat to be particularly frustrating and at times flat out boring.
What RPGs do you like?
    Not OP but I'm early on in Witcher 3 (still in White Orchard, maybe 4-5 hours in, playing on Switch), and my feelings so far are:

* The inventory and menus are worse than Skyrim and Zelda BOTW (e.g. getting the map up is more than one click, alcohol is really important for meditation but it's just muddled in with the rest of my inventory, the quick-slots are quite mixed up). I assume this is all better on PC.
* The movement, camera and fighting are awkward and worse than Skyrim and BOTW (although I get that it's meant to be more like Skyrim)
* The card game is worse than Final Fantasy 8 and 9 - granted I only played the tutorial so far, but I "got" the FF card games immediately and I'm not immediate grabbed by Gwent.
* The game feels very bleak and miserable. I get that it's meant to, but I just came off the back of playing 110 hours of Dragon Quest 11 so there's quite a dichotomy. I feel unhappy playing this game.
* The graphics, characters, facial expressions, mannerisms are fucking brilliant and outshine any other game I've played
* The story, storywriting, dialogue and history are all wonderful

I am going to stick it out, as I hear it gets better later on, but I get what OP is saying.
        Just to say that the inventory menu uses the touch screen on the Switch which is fairly useful. In case you didn't realise.
            I play on my TV, but thanks.
        Please leave white orchard before you form any real opinions lmaoo
            Why can they not form a real opinion after playing for 4-5 hours?
                They can have an opinion but they've only played the tutorial area of an 100 hour game. White Orchard is quite basic if I remember correctly and not really representative of the entire game.
                it's like critiquing a JRPG after 10-20 hours of gameplay. the game will have only introduced basic mechanics to you and maybe one set piece boss. there is no way to gauge what the game will eventually turn out to be since the good stuff is paced to be around 40 hours in and the emotional payoff will be 70-80 hours in   

that's one thing i enjoyed about witcher 3, all the good content wasn't front loaded in the first 5 hours along with the tutorial. any review that stops at 5 hours without even leaving white orchard is like someone critiquing a movie after they've seen the opening credits and the cast walking into frame.
    This! 

Whenever I hear the “I don’t get the hype” it usually boils down to that person not enjoying RPG’s in general.
        From what I've seen, it would be more accurate to say that those who praise the game have different priorities than those who don't like it.

Witcher 3 is praised for the writing, characters and story, but those are secondary to someone who likes to focus on, for instance, class building or freedom of play style.
        I love RPG, play PnP offline, but couldn't get into this one. The beginning of the game didn't raise enough interest to overlook the gameplay issue, I tried three times, got 20h in the game, it just doesn't click.

But it's fine. Not every game is for everyone.
            The story and characters were great but the gameplay just seemed like alot of running from one npc to the next and the combat was kind of underwhelming compared to other games.
            Out of curiosity. What RPG had better gameplay?
                I got, that this was debated a lot, also here in this thread, but for me, subjectively, all of the Bethesda RPGs have better gameplay, if you're talking about that style of modern open world RPG. Maybe I'm used to it since being addicted to Morrowind.

But when talking about RPGs in general: All of the old isometric ones, like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment and the king of current RPG: Disco Elysium. The Dungeon Master style RPGs with the Grimrock 1& 2 renaissance also felt a lot more RPGish to me and I got along better with their gameplay.

&#x200B;

edit and PS: For me RPG means reading and getting into the world, doing everything at my pace. The isometric RPGs and the dungeon master style ones are a lot slower and allow for that style of playing. The elder scrolls games are in a totally different style, but they are SO free in what you do, that I could find my own pace. The witcher is more of an actiongame, but it still forces you to a certain amount of speed and to follow the story more closely than the elder scrolls allow, so for me, it works a lot differently - when talking about the RPG perspective.
                    Fair. But I honestly can’t see how Skyrim gameplay is better then the Witcher. 

I would put them on par. 

They both have magic you throw out. 

You have basic sword animations. 

One if first and the other isn’t
                        What the other guy says: skyrim supports far more combat styles, especially stealth, summoning minions and archery, which are my usual ways of fighting, and witcher offers none of them. Also magic is far less than I imagined and which most RPGs also offer more. 

The style fits to the world and the atmosphere, it connects pretty well, but there are far less ways to fight in the witcher than in skyrim for example. Also it feels more clunky, but that might be a personal thing, because again, I played every Bethesda RPG out there, so I'm just really used to it. The inventory in skyrim is ridiculous due to the console compatibility, just to mention one example, but it didn't turn me off enough that the game didn't work for me. 


And wow, witcher fans are raging.... Because I'm listing RPGs in a thread about RPGs?
                        Skyrim combat is just way more fun and gives you way more options. You can be a stealth archer, you can use a sword with shield, you can use illusion to make enemies fight each other, you can sneak around and hit people with a dagger, you can summon creatures to fight for you, etc. Even though its not very polished its just way more fun than dodging and using one of 4 spells.
        I love RPGs and I'm currently playing Witcher 3 finally like OP. I plan on finishing it but I also think it's one of the most overrated games ever.
I can see how people who have only known these games based on the praise they've heard over many years would be disappointed by them, because there are aspects of both games that are kind of mediocre, or at least nothing special. It might seem to someone who's never played them that these games are a revelation across the board, when in reality it's more a matter of the whole being greater than the sum of the parts. The aspects of them that people *are* enamored with (namely the world, characters, and storylines) make the other stuff fade into the background when they're talking about how much they love the game.

I'm saying this as someone who loves the Mass Effect trilogy and The Witcher 3. I never loved the combat in either game, but the story and world were so compelling that the combat almost ends up feeling like something to do in that world to add a little variety and pace out the story stuff, or at best add an exciting moment now and then. And of course story/character stuff is so subjective that not everyone is going to love it.

In general if you're feeling like the combat is hindering your enjoyment, just turn down the difficulty level to the point where you can just breeze through it.
yeah Witcher 3 kinda sucks. Super overhyped
It's fine not to love it. People are crazy for recommending an 80-hour game that's a sequel to an ongoing story as some sort of universal gold standard. I mean, *I* love it, it's my second favorite game of all time, but also I was already into the world and story going in and I love overstuffed games with ridiculous amounts of story content.

While I don't recall the specific quest you're talking about, I will let you know that in general the game eschews "grinding". In fact, compared to other RPGs, it goes well out of its way to make nonessential fights completely useless to progression, as experience points are awarded almost completely through quest completion and not through completing fights.

That's not the same as saying it's not a grind: the game has an absolutely obscene amount of content, and its level scaling ensures that you must do at least some sidequests before riding on with the main story; however, you can safely ignore most map icons without hurting your character leveling, and focus on the quests that your journal currently lists at or below your level. Some of those quests are incredible, some are pretty boring, but the average effort level of the sidequests is superior to any other RPG in my opinion. In a general sense questing, not grinding fights, is the only requirement for progressing.
Hated it. Janky cheap movement, confusing inventory. Tried to restart three separate times and eventually had to concede I must live on a different planet. Back to Tamriel please.
    I could see your point up until the last part. 

Janky movement and confusing inventory are dealbreakers so you play…. Elder scrolls? Wtf
        Yeah, Skyrim probably has the highest jank-to-popularity ratio I can think of aside from games where jank is the whole point.
        Lmao
        Seriously what kind of take is this😂
        Janky movement?  Elder Scrolls games often have janky animations for things you see but the movement itself is fine, it's first person and it does what you expect.  If you're playing in third person... why?
            There’s plenty of movement related jank, primarily with objects and walls
        Hahahaha. Yes fair dos, I think cos it’s first person I just don’t notice and also play in VR since that version came out..
            >  also play in VR

the ultimate janky controls. just wiggle your arms around and wow you've done so much damage!   
can't stand VR melee combat coz of that
                Not disagreeing. There is cooldown on attacks though. (bow being the exception) What else do you feel they should have done out of interest? I just play normally and dont cheese it. Not as if the combat in flat screen was ever amazing.
    Ugh the movement is awful! It feels like you are trying to trudge a giant robot through molasses. It takes so long for an animation to start then it takes forever for the animation to stop after you have stopped. 

Honestly, if the movement was just exactly like dark souls, witcher 3 would be perfect to me, but the movement is so dumb and frustrating that it is usually what makes me put it down.
    Huh. An I can’t get into Skyrim. Tried several times.
        I was completely immersed in the world of Witcher 3, to the point that I was sad when it was all over.

I stopped playing Skyrim after 20 hours because the whole thing was utterly boring af. It's popularity baffles me. And that's coming from someone who is a huge fan of the other Elder Scrolls games, especially Morrowind.
            Skyrim’s popularity largely comes from how accessible it is, and its presentation (the soundtrack especially). Before Skyrim, most open world RPGs had a learning curve to them, whereas Skyrim appeals to people who don’t even play RPGs. The truth is that Skyrim is every bit as janky as a game like Witcher 3, with even worse combat, clunky menus, etc, but the key difference is that Skyrim generally doesn’t punish players for their choices. It’s an open world sandbox that encourages people to make their own fun. Witcher 3 isn’t an open world sandbox; it’s an open world story-driven RPG, where choices matter. But none of that matters if you aren’t invested in the story, which sounds like OPs issue to an extent.
                I would call TW3 more of an action / adventure than an RPG.  The RPG elements are too half-baked and undercooked to really matter that much.  I wouldn't really put it in the same conversation as Skyrim, it's much more like Assassin's Creed or another open world franchise, with a lot of Bioware style story shoved on top.  I can't be a wizard or a heavy tank or a nimble rogue.  I can only be a swordsman that uses signs.  Which is fine, but it's lacking in a lot of the stuff I look for in RPGs that even more action oriented games like Dark Souls possess.

Also combat that poor in a post Dark Souls world is just silly, even Kingdoms of Amalur had better combat.  A LOT better combat.  Skyrim is just an evolution of a style that had been created before CDPR were even making games.  Fallout 4 improved the combat a lot so hopefully their next game will have better combat, they seem to be fairly rapidly improving gameplay mechanics from game to game.
                    Both Witcher and Dark Souls are technically “action RPGs”, or even “action adventure RPGs”, though obviously they’re only superficially similar. 

Your build in Witcher matters more than you might think, especially at higher difficulties. Yeah, you’re always some variation of the “Witcher class”, but those variations determine how you approach combat. In my last playthrough, I largely avoided signs and mostly relied on alchemy to buff Geralt’s swordsmanship. Was pretty fun as a sort of glass cannon. But yeah, most of the actual roleplaying occurs in the dialogue sections, much like a Bioware RPG, or Planescape: Torment even. 

Kingdoms of Amalur is one of those games I wish I could appreciate. The God of War esque combat is neat, but everything else rubbed me the wrong way. 

Fallout 4’s combat is okay. Better than Fallout 3 or NV for sure, but it has many of the same issues action based RPGs have, like limited AI and super spongey enemies.
            Yup, I had to force myself to complete Skyrim and never went back to it. On the other hand, Oblivion was amazing.
            Dude I even drew out the ending because I knew I’d have a Witcher 3 sized hole in me after
        The melee combat turned me off so much and I really don't want to talk to every NPC just to get the why and the what of everything.
    I think my biggest complaint is when Geralt is talking to another character it feels very slow and unnatural and sorta breaks immersion for me on top of the issues you just listed. I really really want to enjoy it but after just playing RDR2 It's just so uninteresting. I think I'n gonna give Witcher 2 a go to see if the backstory helps.
        Personally I thought Witcher 2 was the strongest of the trilogy. Obviously it doesn't come close to the breadth of things to do as 3 as its a much more linear game, but what's there is consistently well executed. Also note that 1 and 2 are much closer to pure RPGs vs. 3 which is much more action oriented.
        Yikes, witcher 2 is like the jank from 3 with extra amateur yuk ;)
    I second this. The controls being so janky infuriated me and made the game unplayable. It was beautiful and immersive until I wanted to turn slightly left.
    That's exactly I feel about the dark souls series:

Nah this game isn't hard. It's just a memorization and pattern repetition game like gunstar heroes, OG Mario, or super meat boy in a 3D world.

With terrible load times and janky unresponsive controls.
        This is exactly how I feel. Making animation frames long and controls unresponsive is now being rewarded as difficult game design.
            Because timing, positioning and hitboxes literally do provide more layers to combat.. the idea that the controls are unresponsive is just silly.  You want to be able to dodge roll out of every animation, just say that.
                Don't you? Having the character react when you press a button is the premise of video games. From Pong to fighting games. Making the animations clunky and the controls unresponsive is a dumb way to create difficulty. And a good way to get me to put the controller down. W3's combat was a little jank but fair.
                    I disagree. Dark souls is not unresponsive. It’s slow. It’s slow so you have to be deliberate. You cannot spam the dodge button to avoid attacks, you have to choose when you want to dodge.
                    >W3's combat was a little jank but fair

But it was also frustrating. Heavy attacks are never a good option so you stick to light attacks, except they aren't always the same speed. Sometimes geralt stabs fast, other times he does a spin and takes twice as long, allowing enemies to hit me out of the animation. Dark souls may be slow af, but it is consistent at least.
                I've been playing Dark Souls and movement/combat seems terrible. I don't understand what people are talking about when they say combat is great. Hitboxes are awful, You could dodge the attack, see the weapon miss you but still get killed. Most of the time it's your movement that kills you not the monsters. It's definitely not for people who like more precision movement and less acrobatics (M&B, Mordhau, KC:D, Chivalry)
                    Dark Souls felt pretty janky and unfair until I got used to it, but that took me hours and hours and there are still moments that piss me off. I understand why some people try it and hate it because I was very nearly the same way myself. You can't really play it like other games.

You have to play it like Dark Souls; meticulous, patient, observant, etc. It's the only game I've played where you dodge after releasing the button and not immediately when you press it. Actions are basically on a delayed queue so you have to anticipate rather than react. It's very weird.
            I love the Souls series but honestly I agree, some boss fights and areas are just utter bullshit and you kind of have to learn to deal with them to get the payoff of the rewarding areas and boss fights. Can definitely see how people would dislike it
    Same. The horrible combat dragged the whole experience down to a 7/10 for me.

The story wasn't that good either. Loved the hearts of stone DLC though. Soundtrack was phenomenal too, but I'd say that's the only thing that TW3 has over Elder Scrolls. Elder Scrolls does everything else better, even the combat.
        The Soundtrack! Noooooo! Skyrim sounds are iconic beauty!
    Yep.  I understand that people have preferences, but as a lifelong gamer who enjoys pretty much ever genre I feel like I should at least enjoy one of the “greatest games of all time” at least a little.
        Feels like emperor’s new clothes. Both me and friend are lifelong gamers in our forties. Both gave this a fair go, decided we just weren’t enjoying it at all. Like really, at all. Tried again another time from scratch. Few hours...Maybe maybe, nope. Seems some others agree. I also enjoy a variety of genres. It has to feel good to me to play though, and if it doesn’t, and I don’t feel any promise after a while, I move on. Nearest equivalent might be Fallout 3. Janky doesn’t begin to describe it, but suddeny realised I just felt absorbed by it. Never happened with this, what can I say. Life is too short.
Took me 3 tries to get into the game.

And honestly it felt like to chore to play the time I actually finished it.

I had to install a dozen mods to make a lot of the mechanisms less tedious and get rid of the infamous, supposedly lore-friendly ballerina sword swing.

I have played a ton of hundred hours openworld games and even platinumed Assassin's Creed Odyssey, but with witcher 3.... I cant say I had fun playing it  


Edit: And I installed a mod to skip ALL gwent games
    >Edit: And I installed a mod to skip ALL gwent games

Arrest this man
        STOP RIGHT THERE, CRIMINAL SCUM!
    Shit, I wish I'd known about that no-Gwent mod. Deck-building games are really not my jam and I'd done my best to avoid picking up any quests related to it, but I had one for the bartender in Oxenfurt that I'd gotten really early. So I figured, it's low-level, why not? I went in not knowing what I was doing and lost, and I would've been fine to just walk away but he was such a smug *prick* about it. 

Long story short, the quest being in my log bothered me so much and I was so hell-bent on showing him who was boss that I ended up playing a fuckload of Gwent to get better cards. I went back with some actual game knowledge and every card I could buy, and... still lost. But it was then that I remembered a sneaky trick from my Cyberpunk playthrough...

After turning the difficulty down to the lowest setting, I *narrowly* beat him by a stroke of luck. But the quest was completed and I finally put him in his place.
    >and even platinumed Assassin's Creed Odyssey

That's funny, because I've been playing ACO and TW3 at the same time, and I can definitely see myself doing every little thing in TW3 but absolutely not in ACO, even though I've been having fun with both. Go figure.

>Edit: And I installed a mod to skip ALL gwent games

Now that sounds like a mod I could really use
        Assassin's Creed Odyssey has fluidity in the combat and movement, something TW3 lacks.
            It does, and as weird at it is to say after how much I disliked the earlier games I actually like that about it. But as much as I like Kassandra and some of the other characters, the writing in TW3 is just way more interesting to me a lot of the time, which makes me actually care about the side quests instead of just feeling like a lot of them are filler like in ACO ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
            plus a multitude of weapons that play differently from on another, builds that actually matter and way better skill trees that unlock actual skills you can use, instead just boosting your stats like just about every upgrade in TW3. I can see why people like TW3 world, characters, music better, but ACO is the superior video game.
    >felt like a chore to finish The Witcher 3

>platinumed Assassins Creed 17
        Well, TW3’s gameplay is basically Assassin’s Creed minus the parkour that makes it fun and the stealth that gives you options. I’d say both games are pretty bland in the gameplay department, but if I had to choose purely from a gameplay perspective I’d rather play AC.
This was exactly my take on it. It's fine, janky at times, solid enough writing, but not as bizarrely spectacular as you'd expect from hype.
Sometimes people really hyping up a good game can lead you to be disappointed when you try it for yourself.

Say a new burger joint opens up and they have some pretty good burgers. People go there and think “wow, this burger is great!”

Next thing you know, everyone and your mother is talking about this amazing burger and you start thinking to yourself “Ok, this has to be some special kind of burger if everyone is raving about it…”

You finally buy the burger and it’s just good. Just an all around decent burger. But, part of you is disappointed because you were expecting more going in.

The Witcher is a very good burger. I don’t think anything about it is revolutionary, groundbreaking, etc…it’s just really good. But hearing everyone talk about it for years, you expect it to be even better than that.
I totally agree. I don't get the hype. For me it's the combat - it is just trivial. Click quen and then spam light attack with maybe a heavy attack. Oops, got hit, let me just step aside and click quen again. So boring coming from something like Sekiro.
In my opinion it's one of the most overrated games in recent years. That's not to say it isn't good, I really did enjoy it.

Alas, it is not groundbreaking...very similar to most RPGs of the style.

So, if you're not having a good time with Witcher, go get lost in Bloodborne :)
>I also have to grind through several hours of fighting the same groups of faceless enemies 

Uh, why are you grinding?

I don't think I grinded once in any of my playthroughs.
Hey at least you actually got to it. I've tried like 3 times to even make it through an hour of the Witcher 1.
Sad to see people disparaging your experience. But we are of one mind. I didn't like it as much as other people either. Mayhaps people have their own personal gaming preferences who woulda thunk?
Grinding? I never needed to grind in the Witcher 3, unless I was going for the endgame gear which is completely optional
Agreed. I tried it, but couldn't stay with it. Did maybe a few hours, but it just felt a bit dull.. maybe I waited too long after it came out. 

I have to add, I haven't played the previous games, so I wasn't invested in the whole story. Which I think is probably a factor.
    I played it pretty damn close to release, so I don't think it's because you waited too long. Honestly I just couldn't get passed how bad the game felt to play. I'm sure the story, writing, and world building are all done well, but I'll never found out because I find the game itself so terrible to play that I can't make it far enough in to experience it.
You are just nitpicking and biased. The Witcher 3 has some of the best prostitute mechanics out of any video game to this day!
That's the thing, it is just an RPG game at the end of the day. And your own personality dictates where it lands on the rpg scale. The downside to patient gaming is that we sometimes hype something up in our own heads to where the reality doesn't live up to what we've built up. I just finished the dlc last night and I had a great experience. It ranks high on my rpg genre scale, but for you, you may enjoy different things than what I do. So all I can really say is that for my tastes it was a great experience, a tagline for all game recommendations should be "your mileage may vary"
    Despite being labeled an rpg, Witcher 3 is mechanically closer to an action adventure game.
        It's a beat em up
            I usually call it "Grand Theft Medieval" because beating things up and driving your horse to different activities just gives me that vibe.  Only thing it lacks is a reason to hijack other horses and an over the top police response system.
It just sounds like gameplay is more important to you in games than story, setting, dialogue, etc, and that's totally fine, but that's not the witcher's strength.

I don't think anyone who ranks Witcher 3 in their top games ever played would ever rave about it in the sense of varied or super engaging combat or quest mechanics (myself included).  The stories and dialogue of each quest, especially the side quests, are great.  Pressing the buttons isn't the engaging part
To me it still more than holds up but so many games have copied a lot the mechanics and formula from the Witcher 3 in the last 6 years that I can understand why it feels like ‘it’s another game’.

But in 2015 it was genuinely groundbreaking and there is a reason why so many triple A open world games feel like Witcher clones in many ways. So yeah I feel like it may feel overhyped in 2022 as it set the groundwork for many of the tropes that have come to dominate third person open world games. So if you have played more recent games first then the Witcher 3 may feel like nothing special but in 2015 it was so unique (with many still considering it to do many things better than what it’s competition has tried to copy since)
    I don’t really see what was particularly groundbreaking about it. It was just another open-world RPG. It has good writing and presentation, which seem to be the main draws of the game, but I don’t really see what it did that hadn’t been done before.
    I fail to see how it was groundbreaking. Most of the things that make it good were already in witcher 2, the rest of the stuff they just added ubisoft open world elements in.
Ah, I see the problem here. You aren't playing the real game,  Gwent.
I know how you feel, I played once on Ps4 and twice on Xbox averaging about 8 hours each play through, couldn’t get into it and thought it just wasn’t for me. When I picked it up the fourth time I played well over 200 hours and can say it’s my third favorite game ever. Things that made it more enjoyable for me was not trying to do too much side stuff at first and getting out of white orchard.
I only started playing last year and have over 100 hours put into it (I don't have much time to game, sadly). Hunting monsters and going on scavenging hunts is my favorite part of the game. The writing is great, as you pointed out, but it might not be the game for you. Personally, I think it's one of the best games of all time.
[deleted]
It really isn’t that good. The combat sucks and the story drags on for way too long. Almost all of the powers aren’t that useful besides Quen, which is OP once you get the health bubble. It’s overall just a very bloated game that values style over substance
Place of power, gotta be.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        What changed?
            [deleted]
                Honestly that's where I'm at. I've given this game two chances so far, each shot about 10-20 hours. But now after have watched the TV show, and having gotten into platinum trophy hunting on the PS, I got the whole TW3 bundle for cheap and wanna give it another shot.
                    Hope the game finally clicks! Can't recommend it enough and Season 2 of the show makes me want to play it all over again (waiting for next gen update though). 

Just a hint as there's a few missable trophies. Play gwent with every character you meet as soon as possible. Some become unavailable later and you win unique cards from them. You need all gwent cards for a trophy. By everyone I mean people involved in quests, you get generic cards from merchants and you need those too, they just aren't missable.

If you don't play on the hardest difficulty Death March you need to play the game another time over (preferrably in NG+) so you have a second chance if you missed anything. It's kind of hard to recommend doing two playthroughs if you're not sure if you are that into it, but I'd still say it's worth it so you don't spoil the quests that have missable trophies. Just go blind for the first time and then NG+ Death March with a plan for missables. Makes it a lot easier too since you keep your gear and skills.

By the way good on you for getting the expansions too they are absolutely amazing both of them. They should be played after the main story just keep that in mind.
                        Thanks for the thoughts and comments!

Any news on when the next gen update is coming? I still have a bit o a backlog to get through, and with Elden Ring coming out seen, I probably won't be starting Witcher for a bit...
                            It was delayed from end of 2021 to Q2 2022 so April-June I think. I have a massive backlog too so I didn't mind.

Definitely go through your backlog first and wait for the update since you get it for free anyway!
        Welcome, fellow Witcher.
    To be fair the graphics on the succubus and the prostitutes were revolutionary for their time.
    >One of the most overrated games of all time!

>Although I didn’t finish, claim played like 10% of the story, but actually am probably exaggerating for reddit and didn’t leave the tutorial area
    Imo, it's meh if you don't know the story.

But, if you've read the books, then it's fun! The game is about the universe, lore, and story. Not the mechanics.

At least, that's how it was for me.
        So you’re saying a GAME has bad GAMEplay, sounds lik a bad game to me.
        I never read the books or played the first two games and Witcher 3 is still one of my fav games of all time lol to each their own I guess.
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
            If you like fantasy, i do recommend the books first.

I can't say enough about how meh the game was to me before reading the books!

If you're no interested in the books, then yeah. There's a ton of other games to play!
    > I think the Witcher 3 is actually one of the most overrated games of all time.

Okay mate... you can have a discussion without bombastic statements meant to rub people the wrong way.
I love how you wrote a thoughtful and respectful piece on how you saw the appeal but not the hype and half these comments are accusations that you're playing the game wrong.
Maybe I'm reading too much into it but pretty much the first thing you mentioned about the game was fighting monsters and then there was just one paragraph dedicated to the story. So maybe you are looking to get the wrong things out of the game.

At least for me personally what made the game great was:

40% the story, especially in the side quests

20% Gwent, the card game you play with other travellers in taverns and the like

20% exploration

10% numbers going up and giving me a sense of accomplishment

10% combat

If you really want to dig into hunting cool monsters the obvious game to play would be Monster Hunter or maybe also Horizon Zero Dawn.
    The problem is that the game is 99% gameplay and 1% story and the gameplay is wretched.  If you're saying 40% of the game being great to you was the story then you're saying the smallest part of the game outshone the dreadful amounts of horribly repetitive gameplay which doesn't make sense to me.
Yeah, this game has poor combat, movement and the environment lacks more art.  

The story is great, but I cannot connect with it due to the way it is delivered.  
I do enjoy the movies greatly, but I cannot play this game, even tho in theory it has all the ingredients to attract me.  

In the end we are all different and never be afraid to not enjoy a popular thing.
For me the most offputting thing there is an emotional conflict between main plot and gqmeplqy. You cant judt tell me that my basically daughter is in immediate danger, hunted by the most terrifying wraith army and that i should not waste any time, and then throw me into the rich world full of side plots and extra activities so i can feel guilt for exploring it.
It's the game that started those trends to begin with, and at the time many of them were fresh and inventive.

It "feels like 1000 other games" because "1000 other games" took "inspiration" from it and reused every good element from it to add to their own games.

Not every concept or element of it was entirely original, but the way it implemented a lot of systems made it stand out, it's one of the most influential games of all time.

That's the problem. It was so influential that everything else you've played since it came out pretty much copied it, so now it seems like the "generic" game, when the reality is that everything else is derivative of it rather than the other way around.
I loved the game but i'm not that big into combat in the games I play, so I didn't mind it being kinda lackluster. That said, I feel like the devs really got a feel for the combat system in the Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine DLC, which had more interesting fights than the base game, so maybe look forward to that if you decide to continue playing.
ITT: A fuck ton of people who never left White Orchard
    I don’t know, Novigrad is such a damn chore, especially after doing Velen, something that was super fun.
The Witcher 3 was a significant evolution on the Ubisoft formula and open-world games on release, and was also graphically impressive at the time. 

But if you’ve held out until 2022, you may have already played some of the other over-the-shoulder open-world action-adventure-RPGs that were influenced by TW3, such as Ghost of Tsushima, AC Origins/Odyssey/Valhalla, Horizon ZD, etc. Compared to those, The Witcher 3 isn’t all that special (unless you’re already invested in the world/characters). Just bear in mind that TW3 was the vanguard of the sub genre and many people’s first experience with this style of game.
    I played it in 2020-2021 and I actually loved the game. In my opinion, everything holds up very well except for the combat which is average. AC series is just so poor story-wise by comparison.
    Add RDR2 to the list, it has the most beautiful nature I have ever seen in a game.
For me it got better as I progressed through the story, and personally I really enjoyed the game and it was a great gaming experience for me. Definitely more of a long winded experience, and with the whole thing in context it is amazing. One of the few games to bring tears to my eyes, I do recommend finishing the story.
I didn't like it much either. I've given it numerous tries but I don't think it's my kind of game. I've recently been really invested in Stalker and Metro.
Go full signs build and the combat is better
If you played it right out of the gate and not after 1 & 2, you'd likely have the same experience I did and was just confused and not all that into it. At the very least, watch the playthrough of Witcher 1 (like 18 hour video) and play Witcher 2.

If you really want to appreciate the game like I have (just started 2 weeks ago and have logged almost 85 hours) listen to the audiobooks first as the game takes place after them. The game is *way* more satisfying to play when the characters aren't new and you meet "old friends" from the books. Most of the audiobooks are available on YouTube, otherwise your public library likely has a copy.

But like others have said, you don't have to do all the side quests and play on an easier, if not the easiest, difficulty.
Yeah, I've struggled to get into The Witcher 3 three times now. I've gotten a little further each time, but each time I've run into a quest that I really didnt enjoy enough for me to switch to playing something else.

I do think it's a slight shame, cause two of my friends have talked about how special the game is to them, and I love hearing from them about it. The opening is GREAT, and the animation and art is super cool. I also love Gwent! Big fan of games that also include in-universe card games! But I really struggle to connect with Geralt as a character because his voice is extremely grating to my ears, which is a big problem to have with the main character of a ~100 hour game. He sounds like a 20 year old trying to sound a lot older and gruffer than he actually is.

I can also get a little overwhelmed with visual noise when playing games, and The Witcher 3 is *weirdly* visually noisy. Scenery whipping by, the camera following your janky movement, trees blowing wildly in the constant wind, your minimap, your compass, your health bar, markers on screen, icons, damage numbers, endless menus - I can only play for about an hour and a half before I just start getting headaches and have to stop. I realize I could probably turn some of these things off, but I also don't want to miss something that the tutorial might want to show me (and there are a *lot* of tutorials).
I didn't play Witcher 3 yet, but as far as I know there are mods that improve combat for all 3 Witcher games.
You're still in White Orchard aren't you.
Gameplay always kills this game for me. Everything around it: lore, story, and Gwent are amazing but the game controls like ass.
Why does it seem like in Reddit game threads people always try to out-contrarian each other?
Gameplay is not the game’s strong suit. If what you were looking for was gameplay then I’m sorry to say this ain’t it. The story is where the game excels and gets most of its acclaim
The game is crazy well made for what it is, and maybe the hype comes from the other two being not as good.

It’s a very well made open world game, and unless you love the setting and don’t mind the sometimes tedious gameplay, it’s not really that mind blowing of an experience. Which is a shame to say, cause it’s still really good. It’s just not the best game of all time lol
If you aren’t enjoying the side quests or the 
monster hunting, why do you do that?
"Everything is great apart from the super optional content that I am doing all at the very beginning for some reason."
TW3 doesn't really pace down that often, I am not sure what you are talking about. The main story doesn't really ask you to grind all that much at all? Unless you opted into all the optional content and then decided that that was the game holding a gun to your head and forcing you to do it.
Witcher 3 mostly benefited from its release window on last gen.
The game came out seven years ago. You obviously had very little interest in playing it and it shows. No big surprise there.
That's the Witcher, a very mid 2010s action RPG: batman-like combat, janky controls, snarky edgy writing, terrible UI, Ubisoft-like open world. Lots of people like it by and I can see why: tons of content, free DLC, 'wholesome' devs, gratuitous nudity, cheap on sales, etc. I tried 2 or 3 times to get into it, people just said I wasn't far enough (I got into the castle city map thing).

  Finally dropped when I read multiple people saying the baron quest was some pinnacle of RPG writing, hated Geralt, felt like a halfway point between a blank slate RPG protag and an actual character, yet every girl was trying to get into his pants for reasons. The whole plot was basically 'but the princess is in another castle' but replace princess with Ciri. Not for me.
oh my god, someone who finally gets it..!
Seriously overrated game
Witcher 3 has great writing but the actual RPG is mediocre, at best. FC3R does a good job to fixing most of my complaints with the game's systems, but still the gameplay is mostly uninspired.

The fact that it stood out so much as "GREATEST RPG EVER" is just a testament to how many modern gamers have never played truly great RPG's (Like Baldur's Gate or OG Morrowind) and how bad most RPG's are these days. Just look at The Outer Worlds. Even Obsidian can't make a good RPG anymore.
    I think a huge problem with hype is that hype can be genre blind. 

Many hyped properties in all media get that way because they break out of their niche, usually because they do something the niche doesn't do. And this in turn brings a lot of the hype. It's the "I don't usually like eggs, but this omelette is great" problem; part of why people love it is because it was able to offer something unique (to them) that may have always been there, hidden behind variables the break out media was able to avoid.

It's like how Game of Thrones attracted a lot of people who had never read a fantasy book. To people who don't know fantasy, it was "innovative" in it's liberal amounts of fucking, but to those who do read fantasy they knew the fucking was already there, this is just the first time many people were paying attention.

Alternative, accessibility outside the niche can alienate people who are comfortable in the niche. The Witcher 3 does not have the kind of combat a more "traditional" RPG player may seek out, and they're wholly in their right to be underwhelmed if not bored by it. 

I don't want to reduce things back to "art is subjective" (not least of all because I don't believe that's the case), but enjoyment is absolutely subjective. I can understand wanting to analyze and explore why something is good and or bad, and disagreeing there, but I will never understand the need to "correct" people who just didn't like a thing.
It gets worse.
Patient gamers lately seems more like "we don't like any game" gamers.
>The game is extremely solidly made

That's my problem with it. I don't think it is. Maybe it's because i started playing it after RDR2, but TW3 feels almost like an indie game in comparison. It's so clunky and awkward. I've seen it in motion before in various reviews and other videos on YT, but when i actually played it myself, the one game it reminded me the most was one of those older Gothic games
My experience has been similar. I loved the show, the game has some fun writing, but the actual game play mechanics feels tedious. Like another skin of any ubisoft open world game (but without the social media integration thank god)
    If the Witcher 3 is accused of being an "Ubisoft open-world" then we can retire that term as it has officially become meaningless. TW3 has a relatively non-bloated map, all of the activities are thematically appropriate, they all layer onto each other in a meaningful way (doing a witcher contract often helps you discover treasure maps and acquire rare crafting ingredients), the side quests are very well written, and everything contributes to the overall worldbuilding.
    Actually, ubisoft open world games are reskins of the witcher 3 (but with the social media integration)
        ok
I played through the main story, and I honestly think this is the most overrated game of the last 10 years. Combat was meh, exploration and was pretty much limited to finding chests surrounded by enemies, one truly standout quest (Family Matters? The one with the alcoholic baron), a very weird third act, an underwhelming and very silly main villain, and top it off with a static game world that doesn't react to your choices in any meaningful way.
Had a similar experience. 

It's *very* overrated and should have told me what I was in for with Cyberpunk. 

This, after really enjoying the first two games. 😒
Nah dude it's a boring and overated game. The combat is absolutely horrible I couldn't get over having to wait a full second for geralt to finish his 360 before every attack. The story is cool but it's wrapped up in a basic open world game with very little to do aside from the boring combat
I agree. For as much crap as Assassin's Creed is getting for overwhelming, mini-map painting, samesy "quests"; The Witcher 3 is an even bigger offender to me. There's a whole lot of fairly uninteresting filler.
I relate--I'm unable to get into the Witcher.  FromSoft ruined games that are floaty in control--especially after Bloodborne and Sekiro
    The jump from DS to Witcher is jarring. The frustration was that DS just feels a lot more... Meaty game play wise. 
Depending on your equipment, you can go from needing to do 3-8 hits on an enemy to 1 shotting them. With Witcher from what I gather, it is more like 10 hits to 9. Idk.
    Lmao. Using Bloodborne as an example for non jank is hilarious. Not only can you not get past 30 frames, the controls are absolutely trash. This is coming from someone who loves the souls series.

Dark souls series is the most floaty games I've ever played.
        Then you have a different definition of the word floaty.  And by that I mean wrong definition.
    Same, man. More RPGs need to take notes from Fromsoft titles.

Sekiro and Dark Souls 3 ruined so many games for me combat wise. Even the original Demon Souls kicks ass when comparing that game's combat with TW3's combat.

I'm honestly scared to see just how polished the combat is in Elden Ring. It's probably more polished than Sekiro was.
        Most rpgs are role play and story first, combat not even a consideration.

Im not even sure how fromsoft games count as rpgs. They're action games with good combat. No rpgs should take notes because they're not story or role play focused games. They do their own thing. Rpgs do their own thing
            Never really understood this, especially as an excuse for The Witcher 3.

So? Prepare for a wall of text. :)


RPGs have mediocre combat because they focus on roleplaying, that is true, that's because they sacrifice fluidity in favor of giving the player so many options to roleplay with. That includes combat, not just in dialogue.

You always have so many options to bring down opponents to their knees in proper RPGs like every single Elder Scrolls game, Divinity Original Sin 1 & 2, Baldur's Gate 1 2 & 3, Dragon's Dogma, every single Fallout game until 4 & 76, etc. 

Hell, in Morrowind alone, you could use shortswords, longswords, greatswords, daggers, axes, greataxes, pickaxes, clubs and maces, warhammers, tantos, wakizashis, katanas, daikatanas, spears, tridents, crossbows, staves, bows, throwing darts & throwing knives, ninja stars, sabers, claymores, & halberds. 
Each weapon is tied to a certain skill.
And almost every weapon could be used in 3 ways, you could slash, stab or smash. 

Don't even get me started on how much you could utilize magic in combat. You could create thousands of your own unique spells. Potions are a game changer. Both magic and potions can let you walk across water, let you jump really high in the air, turn you invisible, make you randomly explode, boosts up your dodge skill so you could hardly ever get hit in combat, levitate over mountains, use telekinesis, raise the dead, etc.

You could even choose 1 of 10 races to play as, with each choice drastically changing your playstyle.

Morrowind sacrificed fluidity in favor of options.

Yes, options, a major *key* for proper RPGs and something that *The Witcher 3 doesn't have* combat and roleplaying wise, that is.

You are always Geralt. You could only choose what Geralt is thinking of. You are always stuck with a prewritten character, not unlike Nathan Drake, Arthur Morgan, Kratos, Dante, Aloy and Lara Croft. You only have one option to roleplay with character wise. That is hellishly *detrimental* to role-playing, but good for storytelling.

Does that belong in an RPG? Of course not. Only Mass Effect pulled off a pre-written character in an RPG well.

I don't expect it to be done well again.

Now, gameplay-wise:

You always use two swords, two attacks (and both of them function exactly the same), one steel and one silver, along with a crossbow that barely even works, a couple bombs, and you only have 5 spells that all act very similarly which each other especially with Igni and Aard. Throughout the whole game, about 100 hours long, you are playing the same exact way. You would be playing the exact way if you restarted the game all over again.

Slash, slash, dodge, Aard.

Slash, big slash, dodge, roll, Yrden.

Axii, slash, slash. 

Slash, crossbow, miss, slash, slash, Igni.

Whirly slash, slash, slash, Quen.

Very little opportunities to truly roleplay in combat.

Very little options in general.

So, The Witcher 3 got rid of fluidity in favor of... *what exactly?* It couldn't be options, as you can clearly tell. 

Could it be.. good visual environment design? A phenomenal soundtrack? Good writing?

Dark Souls has all 5. And the level design is actually good.

Granted, I do agree that Dark Souls is straddling the line between ARPG and RPG, but it still has the fundamentals of an RPG. 

Options.

Customization.

Variety.

You could still customize yourself and insert yourself into the grim world of Lordran as whoever you wish to be. You could even choose your own background.

Are you... a Noble Knight, the juggernaut of the medieval battlefield, clad in thick steel armor that can shrug off the harshest of blows?

Are you... a Barbarian, armed with an axe that could break through shields as if they were sheets of cardboard and cleaving through small groups of enemies with a single swing?

Are you... a Thief, sneaking through the dark depths and dodging the most powerful attacks gracefully as if you are Serpico from Berserk?

Are you... a Wizard, vaporizing enemies from afar with blasts of pure arcane magic, ranging from swords made up of pure magic, to mini magic darts, to gigantic bolts equivalent to Dragon Ball Z's *KAMEHAMEHAAAA?*

Are you... a Pyromancer, able to train your flesh to withstand the intense, blistering heat of a large flaming fireball, right before you incinerate a crowd of enemies?

Are you... a Cleric, healing you and your helpful summons with your heavenly trinkets through the power of jolly cooperation?

On top of that, you can interact with NPCs in the world and decide their fates on a whim. 

Do you help Sigmeyer of Catarina find his daughter or you do let him die in the murky, fiery depths of the lost Izalith?
You do you kill him the moment you see him? Maybe even in front of his own kin, right after their little reunion, just to make the world feel a little bit *darker?*

Do you praise the sun alongside Solaire, as he is giving expressing gratitude to the one thing that is giving him hope in this *hellish* world, or do you let him suffer as a parasite corrupts him, rendering him of all the joy he once had?

Do you try to kill the Crestfallen Knight as he is mocking you, or do you prove him wrong and *destroy* the one thing that is keeping him from hollowing him, leaving him to roam Firelink Shrine as a wrinkly husk that attavjs everything it sees?

Do you link the flame, continuing the everlasting destruction that Gwyn has brought unto the world in his quest to *stop* fate *itself?*

Or do you *smother it?*

To spare you, I won't even get started on the weapons, but here's one thing I could tell you about them:

Most of the weapons found in Dark Souls have their own specific moveset. Each moveset works better in some situations more than others. 

A dagger would be more quick and easier to backstab with, but it would be much harder to stun an armored enemy. Perfect for singling out enemies.

A warhammer would be much slower to swing, but could be swung around to hit every enemy around you and knock down the armored enemies. Perfect for crowd control.

And, aside from those two kinds of weapons, there are several more kinds you could use, as opposed to The Witcher 3's 1 kind of weapon, a sword, with only 3 attacks. Light attack, heavy (slower light attack), and whirly attack.

To say Dark Souls isn't an RPG and The Witcher 3 is, frankly, absurd. The Witcher 3 is a Schrödinger's RPG, maybe, but not a proper one.


Now do you see why I'm skeptical about people using "The Witcher 3 has bad combat because it focuses on roleplaying more than combat" when it clearly doesn't do anything well mechanically in *both* combat and roleplaying? 

Literally the only meaningful perk you could get in The Witcher 3 that you could roleplay with and use narratively is the Delusion perk. 3 points into that and you practically win the game.

No interesting roleplaying opportunities with one dialogue related skill as opposed to New Vegas's 13 skills.

The only things that The Witcher 3 has done exceptionally well are:

Traditional storytelling and writing. (Hearts of Stone had phenomenal writing with every sense of the word.)

Atmosphere. (The atmosphere is perfect.)

Graphics, visuals and artstyle. (Game looks really good even in today's standards. Artstyle makes it timeless.)

Environmental storytelling. (Puts Skyrim's environmental storytelling to shame, and Bethesda is known for being really good with this sort of thing.)

The soundtrack (I love the soundtrack, man.).


*But not roleplaying.* (I could find better roleplaying in Fallout 76.)

I really hope you understand what I was getting at, because I've heard way too many excuses for this game over the past 6 years.

The Witcher 3 is a really, really, *really* good game for what it does, but way too many people tend to feign ignorance and I *sincerly hope* hope you won't be one of those people.
                I agree with 99% of what you said and being railroaded into a choice geralt would make is really irritating in many aspects. But at the same time, the Witcher would still have more story based choices than most dark souls games. And I only mean the third Witcher. Witcher 2 basically splits into two entirely different story lines depending entirely on your choices.

I say when it comes to player choice, souls games have the Witcher beat without a doubt. But story wise the Witcher is the winner.

My original point was that there's no way dark souls is MORE of an rpg than the Witcher because they tackle very different aspects of the rpg genre.

Skyrim and dark souls are about player choice. Witcher and Mass effect are about story choice with very little combat variety.

JRPGs are something I'll never get because idk how pokemon or Final fantasy are RPGs in but that's just me.

I'd say the only rpg I've played that has just as much player choice as there is story based choices would be the Outer Worlds. I played it, loved it, felt like Fallout 4 combat with actual story consequences with Stat based role playing that affected combat and story. But people hated it so maybe idk what an rpg is.
        Don't forget Bloodborne.  That's when the already great controls took a transformative leap.  It really unlocked for many the most aggressive style of play, but it allowed them to make extremely aggressive and fluid bosses.  Elden Ring looks phenomenal, and the great thing is everyone knows it's going to be, at a minimum, mechanically polished and interestingly designed.  FromSoft doesn't make Cyberturds
I’ve tried it many times but it just wasn’t for me. Just how it works sometimes
I have seen so many posts like these. Like what do you people want from these games? To change who you are? Give your life a purpose? It’s a video game. You relax, immerse, have fun and move on to the next one.
You’re playing the game to get through it, of course you’re not having fun. Just set out in one direction and explore for a second, then see. 

Also the combat is what you make it. If you just want to do dodge and attack then you can get through the whole game like that. I find that I enjoy the combat when I engage with it, trying many different signs and chugging potions to figure out how best to take something down.
Meh. I don't think I'd even say the story is all that well done. To me, it's more that they're trying to go for shock value rather than anything interesting. And for a style of game that is attempting to immerse you, when a world is trying to get you to be disgusted at it at every step, why in the absolute fuck would I ever want to immerse in that? Definitely not something I understand, anyway.

And beyond the grinding problem for quests, I also think it's a bit worse. I found that it was difficult to realize if there even was anything to grind for, what the item was if there was, and how to get it. It was all extremely obtuse, from my experience, and I ended up giving up and looking up a guide on multiple occasions. So much for immersion there.

The general jank where your characters don't feel like they are actually able to move through the world they designed for them also doesn't help much. I can't believe how much the characters get stuck on objects while just walking around, lol.
I played the full game (I absolutely loved Blood and Wine) but the movement never stopped feeling wonky to me. The first time I tried to play it I quit because of that. It just doesn't feel all that smooth like many other RPGS. Combat was fun but eventually you don't really need to bother with the extra stuff. It never felt like the silver sword or the "magic" was all that necessary which was disappointing. Still, got 100 hours out of the game and the story was well done so all in all a good time.
    I think there was a gameplay option that massively tightens Geralt's turning radius which makes the movement feel so much better, otherwise he felt so unresponsive... Got spoiled by games like Assassin's creed which had a huge animation library and made it look good to have the character swap directions on a dime in a sort of realistic manner.
        Pfft, well shit. Maybe I’ll go do that second play through now and make sure I figure out what that setting is. That was really the main drag for me.
            It's called "Alternative Movement" in the options menu. It's a big improvement and ~~should have become the default IMO.~~ apparently is the default now!
                I’ll have to look into it. Quit after 15 minutes because I kept flicking candles instead of opening a door or talking to an NPC.
                    [deleted]
                        [https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749)

Only ignites if Igni sign is primed.
                            70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
                        Does candle flicking play an important role later in the game? Like to illuminate a message on a wall or something?
                            Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
                                Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
                            There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
                    Try to use the "walk" function when in tight quarters with many candles/crates too. It works **really** well to reduce the accidental misuses.
                    Man I'm playing it on Switch and I hate that so much.
                    [There is even a in-game joke about it in the second DLC.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k26ejKx4uX8)
    At what difficulty? 

Can’t imagine playing through it without using signs and (sometimes) monster oils.
        Or the silver sword! What??
        All the oils do is that you have to hit a mob three times instead of four. You can pretty much ignore them entirely. I suggest using a mod to make them actually something you'll want to use (e.g. [Very Interesting Oils](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/1958)).
            In almost any game a 33%+ damage buff for free would be considered great.
                How many games let you just infinitely dodge and parry then just slap shit to death with light attacks?
                    To be fair, every fight scene in the books is described as Geralt pirouetting a bunch and then winning, so at least it's authentic.
                        Yep. Thats how Geralt fights so i don't get the complaints.
                    Add in upgraded Quen and you're dancing your way through everything...
                Not every game approaches the +33% damage buff with the same tedium as TW3.
                Except it's not free, it does require time investment both to make sure you have the mats rather than selling them as well as creating and using the oils.

Considering it's usually a 3 hits rather than 5-6 scenario usually the extra hits require less investment.
            I just used a mod that applied them automatically.  Having to go into the inventory every time I wanted them got pretty tedious.
                Man, I was thinking that it would be cool if after starting to fight a monster, or at least killing the first one in a group, it would be able to figure out which oil to auto-apply...  
Then I went and googled the auto-oil mod, and turns out, that's exactly what it does at the start of combat! (scans the mobs nearby, and picks the most suitable oil)  


Whenever I get around to playing Witcher 3, I fear that I'll fall into my Skyrim routine (installing mods for a couple of days, and then dropping the game after a few hours of playtime)
            That’s no different from an armour that helps deflect one hit.

Or recoil reduction.

Game upgrades and abilities all do the same kind of stuff. Don’t want a mod that makes it do like 75% damage.
                Witcher 3 is still full of miniscule upgrades. I played Cyberpunk 2077 which is very similar to the Witcher 3 and I can compare that to Deus Ex Human Revolution(from 2011). 

In Deus Ex HR these are equal uses of 2 skill points: 
* Remove all recoil(while standing still)
* Remove inaccuracy from moving while firing by 50%
* Punch through (specific) walls and move heavy objects(vending machines)
* Immunity to gas grenades
* eliminate fall damage, with the option to stun enemies when landing
* actual X-ray vision
* Hacking level 2 out of 5

In Witcher and Cyberpunk skill options are full of +15% damage on fast attacks or +25% armor when blocking using heavy armor or each point gives your 10% resistance to negative effects of your own potions.

Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.
                    Deus Ex Human Revolution is a totally different style of game though.

A true 10/10 as well.
                        It warms my heart to hear people describe DE:HR as 10/10. I make sure I have at least 1 annual playthrough.
                    I mean that's the difference between Perks and Talents.

Talent systems are most of the time small increases like an mmo might have or something like path of exile, a perk system is like Skyrim.
                    > 
> 
> 
> 
> Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.

It would be pretty shitty if each skill point gave you 75% increased damage/damage reduction and you got 50 points ... especially if the enemies don't scale like that.

Far more interesting to have it scale to a smaller degree. Most praised RPGs work the same way.

D&D, Mass Effect, WoW (back in the day), Ultima etc etc
                        Of course it's a different kind of game, but even for that kind of game it feels like your character is already competent in most things and has only to improve in. 

Old WoW is a good comparison to Witcher 3 on second look(take almost all skills that say "ability x"), but my current gripe is definitely with cyberpunk that has fantastic duds like "reduce falling damage by 5/10/20%", "don't get detected in water" or a number of like "3/6/9% damage increase with weapon type" when skills exist that increase headshot damage for all weapons by 50% for 1 skill point or 20/30% more headshot damage with weapon type.
                        WoW talent trees were massively overhauled and radically improved when they got away from that.
                            Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
                Quen is next tier op what you on?
            Bruh you must be playing on easy mode this is just a straight up lie
        Don’t remember to be honest but I usually play medium or hard. Whatever that’s called on the game I’m playing. I just hacked shit until it died for the most part. I did use them sometimes but more often than not it didn’t feel needed.
            They're only really needed on death march
                I can confirm they are not needed on Death March. The only thing that would make them needed is to carefully level so that you don't end up over leveling content. Which would mean skipping a good number of quests.
    Oh yeah, the jank is real. It feels horrible, even with the alternative movement option, jumping looks ridiculous, everything is harder to do than it should be.

I still love it, but it’s just a very janky game in a mechanical sense. Horizon Zero Dawn on the other hand feels amazing to move around and yet is boring as all hell to me.

It really depends what aspect of a game you most connect to. For the Witcher, it’s the quests.
        I finished Horizon but was never enthralled by it like I am most RPGs. My favorite part of Witcher was finding all the secret armors and the whole Blood and Wine DLC. Love Vampire stuff and the more traditional knights armor and castles in the backdrop was awesome.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
    Geralt's movement is admittedly bad. I often rely on Roach to get places because running around with him is painful.

>Combat was fun but eventually you don't really need to bother with the extra stuff.

Depends on the difficulty and if Death March is too easy you can always play W3EE mod.
That’s what’s a deal breaker for me. I absolutely loathe the combat and I’ve tried getting into it on two different occasions. Couldn’t do it. Maybe 3rd time’s the charm

Edit: More specifically, it just feels really clunky. It’s not fluid and doesn’t feel good when I attack or use magic like in other games. And I get the lore is amazing, but for me, I play video games to play them. If I was interested in really amazing story and characters, I would watch a movie or read a book. Gameplay for me will always trump all other aspects of a game.

Edit 2: it’s not a difficulty issue, it’s gameplay feel
    Play it with the ~~DLC~~ mod that turns every fight into a Gwent battle.  


Edit: Sorry it's [mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/953/) not a DLC.
        I'd be so good at that. I dominate at gwent
            Play it. It is a free [mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/953/).
    Don’t know if this will work for you, but for me playing it on a higher difficulty made the combat more enjoyable. It’s still not that great, but the higher difficulty made it better because I was incentivized to research the monsters and craft the proper oils and stuff so I could take them down quicker. That research and preparation phase made the combat lot more engaging for me
        [deleted]
            Yeah the combat mechanics themselves aren’t that great, but the whole research and prep loop is amazing for roleplaying as a Witcher, and it shortens combat time, so it’s just a win win
                >research and prep loop is amazing

The game

>open menu, scroll and hunt for the enemy type you're against, look at weakness, go to other menus, select said weakness

Wow I really feel like a witcher, prepping for a hard fight and relying on diligent research.
                    I haven’t played the game in a while, but that’s not how I remember my experience at all. I remember having to find books and talk to townspeople to fill out the bestiary entry for the monster I was going to go up against and also gathering the ingredients to make the appropriate potions and oils before going hunting. I’m a role player so that was more than enough to get me engaged as a Witcher
        It wasn't until NewGame+ Death March that I tried my first decoction, because I never needed them before.  

Now I go into almost every fight with 2-3 decoctions, and 2-3 potions ingested, along with an appropriate oil, because pretty much every single monster 1-2 shots me.  
Also, thank god for Quen.
        This is exactly how I felt about Witcher the first time I played. I only went through normal and could largely treat it as hack-and-slash with a few spells thrown in. However, I could see how much depth you could utilize with all the side potions and spells to get the *real* witcher feeling.

Planning to do a Witcher 1-3 run through and higher difficulty so I have to go through the prep work and use the right potions, etc.
            I'll say, if the combat in 3 was a turn off, 1 and 2 are going to be really hard to get into.
        Same. Also not putting points into combat makes for more fun options; when your best option is "hitting the thing" that's all you'll do.
            The goddamn flamethrower ability and puppet abilities are just the best. I love using them.
        A lot of third person action games are like that. Jedi Fallen Order, for example, is absolutely boring on low difficulties because you don't need to invest into learning the mechanics. You can tank and heal through most fights while spamming attack buttons. The same thing happens in The Witcher 3. If your difficulty is too low for your skill level then you don't need to use most of your resources.
        Personally I felt like it didn't matter what difficulty you played on, as it was too easy regardless.
    Play on easy and enjoy the story.
        Agreed. Witcher 3 combat is a joke at any difficulty. Invincibility frames while rolling is enough to make it faceroll easy, but plenty of other things in the game make it way too easy anyway.

Witcher 3's highlights are travelling around randomly, and a handful of amazing sidequests. Until you get to the dlc which is pretty great imo.
            played on normal, the final boss was literally me pressing r1 on repeat.  


I had trouble beating the other big bosses (no spoiler) and also had actual fun vs the ending boss of heart of stone.   


Rest of the game i never bothered to learn anything, i just spammed... it's the main reason i don't replay it. I love the game, but like rdr2 i just DREAD playing through it again   


I might do it on easy tho... maybe on a new pc, it's just so good.
    [deleted]
        I was the opposite. The Witcher 3 got me to enjoy 3rd person action games enough that I moved on to Dark Souls.
        Nah, the combat is objectively clunky.
    They try to make the potions and antogens nevessary to progress to a certain level it take a while to understand it all but i like the different kids of crafted armor and weapons i got to the expansion and left it alone since
        Oh, so you even need the potions and alchemy stuff? I couldn't get into that and hoped I could just ignore it.
            Barely used it myself so don’t stress too much about that
    Are you me?
        Yes, this is our alt
            Oh good! I had forgotten what the username was!
    I felt that about 1 (weird rhythm game, hated it) and 2 (trying to be dark souls, but annoyingly different, hated it).  3 is ... odd, but actually pretty fun compared to the first two games.
        Far too many games try to be Dark Souls.

But the Witcher 2, which came out about half a year before Dark Souls, can't really be one of them.
    [deleted]
        There's a dodge button that makes combat more realistic.
    I was like this with Skyrim, too much grinding and walking. Until I got it on the switch and then I could really enjoy it because I would watch tv while I played, now I’m at almost level 50 and before I could even stomach getting to level 5

Edit: patient gamers is weird as shit. One thread told me not to fast travel my first play through to explore and then I get shit on.
        The only walking in Skyrim is when you explore and that is why you play the game. For all other travels you can use quick travel. It is almost too convenient to travel, actually.
        Wait how is Skyrim grindy??  And you can get a horse in both games and both games have fast travel.
    I commented in this thread already but I had just finished Ghosts of Tsushima when I figured I’d try this game and I could not handle the terrible combat. GoT is just so smooth and responsive and The Witcher just, isn’t. I may try again some time but I was incredibly disappointed.
        Absolutely. Same. And feel the same way about GoT
    > I play video games to play them. If I was interested in really amazing story and characters, I would watch a movie or read a book

Couldn't disagree more. Diminishing games to gameplay alone instantly writes off entire genres of games, so many great games. Games can emphasize story over gameplay or whatever else they want and still be great and idk why you wouldn't that. By extension I have to assume you also don't like Red Dead Redemption 2?
    Thank you ! …… I always say the same thing when people tell me “ but the story is soo good “ and I’m like i want good gameplay , If I wanted a good story I would watch a movie
    The combat is clunky and the movement is awkward but the prostitute mechanics are pretty solid so 10/10
    I went into Witcher from Dark Souls, and I agree. The combat in DS just feels much more smooth, and good in general. It isn't a bad gamez just not... As good as it could be.
Definitely this. I played for hours and I have no idea how far I was in the main story, or who the hell anyone was
    If you choose to give it another go, I'd recommend watching a summary video or detailed recap of the Witcher 1, some basic info about the lore of the world, then playing the second game. I was in the same boat as you.

I had originally tried Witcher 1 back in the day and hated it for all of its confusing jank, really difficult timed combat and not understanding much of the world around me.

I then made the move to Witcher 3. I still didn't understand anything that was happening, or know any characters, or have a reason to particularly care. 

I then went back to the the second game (itself pretty good - less open and sidequesty than 3), liked it a lot and it really helped me get into the third game.

I imagine the Netflix series helps a bit with context for new players too.
        Witcher 2 was surprisingly good. The combat at the start nearly put me off - so hard!
            Yeah, the "tutorial" battle was hella difficult for some reason.

Reminds me of... was it Driver? or Driver San Francisco?

Basically it was a driving game, and one of the early tutorials was to do a slalom between columns, in a garage area I believe.

My brother and I were stuck FOREVER on that area of the game, not even sure if we ever actually beat it.

&#x200B;

On a side note, the very beginning of Witcher 2, the night time dock by the water was SOOO beautiful, the graphics felt unreal at the time of release.
                Ha, spent hours on "tutorial" of Driver. It's even worse if you are just a kid that never read any English :D Just trial and error
        That's a good tip, I also attempted the first one before and yeah, it ain't a classic. 

Enjoyed the show but had literally no idea what was going on there either (starting to sound like it's my stupid brain actually)
            The first season is based on the first two books which were collections of short stories. The second issue is those three storylines did not all happen at the same time. Yennefer was trained long before she ever met Geralt. She was born in 1173 and finished training in 1186. Jaskier/Dandelion was born in 1229. So that kinda can help you line things up. Jaskier and Geralt meet in 1248, the same year they meet Yennefer, only 5 years before ciri is born in 1253 The episode with the dragon is in 1253 as well. And from there the timeline of the show largely syncs up. The Slaughter of Cintra and the battle of Sodden Hill both happen in 1263.

I really hope that helps make sense of it. There's more stories and details but that's the short version
                I really don’t know why they didn’t post the time frame when it jumped back and forth. Like how hard would it be to post the years like you did. I knew it jumped around but had no idea it was that large of a gap
            The first season of the show was...not actually easy at all to understand with all the time skipping back and forth, actually, so maybe it isn't the best place to start. The second season was better!
                First season gets much better on rewatch, knowing the time differences going in.
            1 was very difficult to get into, ended up watching a youtube that cut the game like a movie. Played though 2 which I absolutely loved and then got into 3. One of the first times I was so emotionally invested in a story I had to take a break, ad that was one of the first side quests!
[deleted]
    I hated Gwent. I play card games irl and thought I would love it before I started playing since I love the mini games RPGs usually but I found it had no depth. Do not understand why everyone goes nuts for it.
        I loved Gwent precisely because I have never played or enjoyed card games, I think. It's just so simple.
            It's like the card game "war". So little depth - my numbers are bigger than your numbers, I win.   

"Ah yes, but do you play your big numbers earlier or later"?  

"It doesn't matter. All my numbers are bigger".
                It's zugzwang, the game. With few exceptions (e.g. surgical scorches and the obligatory opening with a weird spy/dummy carousel) , ideal play is to not do anything the entire match then spam your weathers, horns, hand holding units, ruler powers, etc after your opponent has burned all of theirs. The game forces you to play a card so you play "starving conscript" to stall
        [deleted]
            “Aren’t you the Witcher who butchered all those people and who we are conditioned to hate?”
“Yes.”
“Oh, well, I’m the best Gwent player around, fancy a game?”
                [deleted]
                    I suppose that's true - the game has some different takes on the characters compared to the book(s).
                Some guy: "Screw you, get the hell out of my establishment"

Geralt: "How about a round of Gwent"

Some guy: *nods head in agreement*

I just love some of the people you can choose to play Gwent with.
            I love it, the feeling of winning Gwent is really nice. The random decks NPCs will have makes each a different type of challenge, forcing you to figure out a way to beat their lineup. It’s not a complex game in terms of goal (get your  numbers up as high as you can) but it was nice to figure out which cards should be used when and where.
        And then on the other side you have people who don't play Gwent because "card games are too complicated". Yes, I've seen them. lol.

Gwent in W3 is really basic but at least it's still more engaging than all those Dice Poker, Pazaak, Caravan etc. attempts before. I never played those if I could avoid it.
            Oh *god* Dice Poker was atrocious
            Caravan is not intuitive to learn but it's a much better game than Gwent, imo.
                I'm not a fan of pure card games, I prefer my games to have a theme, even if superficial. Maybe I would've liked Caravan more if they made an effort and themed it like Gwent. I mean, it already has the building-a-caravan theme, it wouldn't be too hard to paint the cards as raiders, brahmin, traders and whatnot without changing the mechanics. It'd probably help with the learning, too - it's easier to remember that e.g. a Bandit removes cards rather than Jack, and illustrations are easier to recognize than classic card faces.
            Oh FUCK caravan.
        I agree, shallow and pedantic
            I thought it was perfectly cromulent.
                Insubordinate and churlish
                    Tim-o-thee?
                        Hey guys, I gotta go. I'm late for chess club.
                            You look like you need a chest club.
            It *insists* upon itself.
            Perhaps...
            [deleted]
        You should try the actual spin off game Gwent. They expanded on the minigame a lot and it’s super fleshed out.

Also the cards all have a variant that moves which is cool.
            I miss the beta of this game. The new one is much worse imho. The beta they released had a nice balance, I played it a LOT.
        Yes, thank you! It's just a basic numbers game. The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between rounds. I love me some gambling/minigames, but I just couldn't get into Gwent, even though it's a legit quest line in W3.
            >The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between round

Guess you got basically nowhere with the deckbuilding? There's a lot you can do with weather, decoys, spies, buffs, medics etc.

One of the more fun tricks is to disable your own units with weather, play a strong combo like those two siege engines, and clear the weather at the last moment. For bonus points you can scorch the opponent's combo before clearing the weather.

Although eventually the meta kind of does settle into "whoever has more spies wins", especially if you play against Nilfgaard. And also, the AI is rather easy to trick, but that's AI for you...
                Whoever thought spies were a good idea needs to be shot. It's card game 101 that you don't have cards that cycle themselves for 0 cost and give an advantage on top of that.
                    I think it's just the 0 cost unmovable hero that is OP, the other spies are giving the opponent something and they can return them via decoy, too. But the Golden 0 spy is less of a card and more of an instant tempo advantage cheat. No counterplay at all.
                        You're mad. All the spies are insanely broken. Sure you give them 5 points or so, but you get to draw 2 cards that will generate 10+ points each.
        I didn't play gwent the first time but have been playing on my second run.

It's a fun little minigame but I agree that is shallow; some players you simply can't beat because they have better cards. There is some strategy to it but it's frustrating when you play against someone and they can just thrash you with a stronger deck
    I think that in terms of card games that are present in video games, it's probably one of the best, due to the fact it's very simple to understand and the rules are consistent with only minor wrinkles. (It's not Triple Triad, is what I'm getting at.)  


However, it's SO disconnected from the tone of the rest of the game, and non-card rewards from playing are so minimal that I never felt like engaging with it. It felt very much like a way to pad out the game and/or player engagement with it.  


Hunting monsters absolutely makes sense as a side activity. I completely understand Geralt being like "Hey, there's monsters around and they're terrorizing these people. Time to get paid," because that's literally what his job is. So it's not weird to me for him to stop looking for Ciri (or Yen, or whoever) to do something like that. Same thing for finding places of power or treasure.   


But to literally spend in-game days or weeks playing cards? Nah.
        >But to literally spend in-game days or weeks playing cards? Nah.

Thematically, you gotta spend those evenings in the tavern somehow :-)

That's one aspect of being a fantasy adventurer that games don't and can't do well. Travelling takes weeks and you gotta eat and sleep every day, ideally under a roof.
            I really enjoy Skyrim modded to be that, but I accept that I'm weird and most people don't want that. With the right stuff it's like The Long Dark with monsters and quests.

Also, do Witchers sleep? I thought that was one of their mutations, that they don't necessarily need to or at least don't need nearly as much as the rest of us.
                Afaik Geralt sleeps normally. I'd assume he maybe can stay awake longer than normal humans, but not by that much. Biologically he is still mostly human, just somewhat beyond peak human.

I don't enjoy it in games due to the world size and time scaling. If you need to sleep every ingme day, it's too often and becomes a boring routine. If you need to sleep too little, it barely has an effect on gameplays and you feel superhuman. It's hard to get the balance right.

But camping in Skyrim, ideally with the mods that add severe weather effects etc., that's occasionally fun. I once froze to death desperately trying to chop firewood, and that was a fun experience.
        > However, it's SO disconnected from the tone of the rest of the game, and non-card rewards from playing are so minimal that I never felt like engaging with it. It felt very much like a way to pad out the game and/or player engagement with it. 

As a mini-game, it seemed so tacked on and didn't make sense in the context of the rest of the game to me. Once the stand-alone game came out, it made a lot more sense as to why they did it.
    > Everybody seems to think it's one of the best parts of the game

It's an exaggeration. It's addictive once you get into it, but obviously not the main focus of the Witcher 3 game.
    [deleted]
        I never had to google Gwent, I thought it was fairly intuitive. You can get a little unlucky and just run into a super hard Gwent fight really early when your deck is crap, but I don't think it's insanely difficult to understand to the point that you'd have to look up tutorials.
            I don’t get that comment. I never searched a single guide on gwent. You just find cards and get better over the course of the game. Pretty simple. Some of the Ps1 era final fantasy card games were more complex.
                Oh man I loved Triple Triad. But Gwent never stuck with me. Felt it was too R/P/S and super simple to the point of being boring.
                    I can still hear the music for Triple Triad. Good times.
                    I enjoyed gwent. Not gonna lie. But it was most definitely super basic. Loved triple triad as well.
                Triple FUCKING Triad and its associated bullshit literally made me hate FF 8.
            [deleted]
                Card games *really* aren't my thing either, which just made me love Gwent more because it was like *finally* a card game I can follow and actually enjoy!

I'm not saying I knew how to play immediately, got my ass handed to me a good few times before I'd nailed down an actual winnable strategy, but holding stronger cards back strategically only to have them play perfectly into your plan in the final round is so satisfying.
[deleted]
    I love playing gwent. The only feeling better than beating the computer who is using better cards than yours is when you get those same cards yourself.
    There's a mod that turns all battles into Gwent games so you can progress the game that way!
> The trick with this game is not feeling like you have to do every little piece of side content. 

I'd encourage this mindset. Being too f'kin busy to help is the most immersive feeling.
    Plus, Since there is random stuff all over, it leaves nothing to encounter after if you want to just explore the world.
I thought the game was just meh until Velen really kicked in and the world opened up. After that I was hooked.
    Very true. The world felt small in White Orchard, but after Velen suddenly the world felt massive. Then I learned there is Skellige? That could have been a separate expansion area in any other RPG or MMOs, but it is part of the base game. Then Blood and Wine? Easily could have been a separate game but its an expansion.
    Top notch swords ?
    When I got to Velen, I thought the game was good. When I got to Novigrad, I felt like this is one of the games of all time. By the time the Credits rolled, it became an unmovable top 10 game for me.
This... game really doesn't pick up imo until you leave the first zone White Orchard. (In my experience)
    Tbh I found the first half or so of Velen to be very meh as well. For me, the game didn't start picking up until you start learning more about the Red Baron's back story and his family.
        Yeah, Red Baron’s quest line is where it really kicked off for me.  Then it was epic for the rest of the game
            Screw that questline. Had my ass/donkey with me in the room straightup ugly cry.  What also compacted it was frustration from the spooky bois attacking.  Love the series and books but that was awful. @.@
        I'd add Novigrad into the meh category as well. Like holy shit there was a ton of fetch quests. Did I really need to track down 5 of Dandelions lovers all for them to not give me any info at all? Stuff like that.
        Yah, once I got to crow perch is when I knew I was hooked.
        Red Baron's thread is probably my favorite in the whole game.
    I admit I got through a few quests in Velen before I really understood the scope of it. For a while I was just like op. The Bloody Baron story is probably the proper kickoff for the game.

I think it was intentional. That’s right around when you’re getting comfortable with the mechanics (Inventory, resting, signs, gwent, little towns vs bigger ones, etc) but the game feels muddled. The Bloody Baron quest is there to say that no, you’re not missing anything, the world is muddled and we’re fully aware of it, and that there’s a lot of fun to be had when you can’t pin down a game in the first several hours. Like, ‘we can hide things around every corner, because you never really have your bearings.’

Or maybe that was just an accident. People definitely talk a lot about that questline though, it struck a nerve and personally I think it was planned.
    Until a fair chunk after really. First time I slogged through it I petered out around the Novigrad quests.
    Every time I see this shit said abiut a game, it just does the opposite of what you all intend. If your game doesn't get good until you leave the area thats designed to hook new players into it, you've made a mistake somewhere along the way. Especially when fans of the game say this themselves. New players shouldn't be wanting to quit while still in the part of the game meant to draw them in. That's a bad first impression.
        it get's "better". It's like Dragon Age Inquisition's Hinterlands. Or playing Vermintide 2 and being gate kept by difficulties that contain the real fun. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a slow burn at the beginning until it opens up (though it's just paced like that). There are tons of games, especially long ones that take a second to kickstart and yeah, it's a flaw generally but if the rest of the experience makes up for it then it's still worth it. It's basically the inverse of games like Elden Ring for me, where it starts up amazing and then ends sort of meh though obviously it's all subjective. 

It took me about 3 playthroughs for Skyrim and the Witcher 3 to finally get past the opening parts and get to the better content, but I quit mostly because I knew they were going to be big undertakings and not cause I expected all the player acclaimed greatness to be upfront
        Fairly sure the Witcher 3 is pretty well received and did things quite right.
    For me, the game never picked up and actually got worse and worse over time.  I think it was when you fought the Wild Hunt at Kaer Morhen where it dropped down to one of the worst games I'd ever played.  That is easily the worst quest I've ever seen in a  game and the biggest example of ludonarrative dissonance where they paint the Wild Hunt as being tough foes you have to plan around but were so laughably, pathetically weak outside of cutscenes that it was funny.
    Maybe this is the issue I have always had with the game.  The first time I played, I got a little bit past White Orchard.  The other 4 times I have tried to play the game, I kill the Griffon and just feel bored with the game so I quit.
Definitely. There’s not many quests AT ALL in the game that require you to set bait for a monster. Like, maybe 4-5 tops. This is such a White Orchard take it’s not even funny
"The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain"
Everybody told me you have to at least do the Bloody Baron questline, so I did. It didn’t convince me to keep playing. The game has pretty good writing, it just doesn’t have anything else to write home about.
Kind of reminds me of RDR2. I've seen many complaints about it's slow pace and "poor gameplay" but it's one of the best games I've ever played IMO. 

You can't please everyone.
    That is a very good comparison IMO, because RDR2 also has some of the same critical points or weaknesses as the witcher. You really have to accept some strange and clunky gameplay to get into it.   


For me, RDR2 is still good enough to pull me in, witcher is not. But I still have to say, that I need the right mood for RDR2, I need some energy to get into the gameplay. A friend told me to use a controller instead of mouse + keyboard, which makes it a bit better, but it's so complicated, that after a month break I just don't know how to play the game anymore and I give up, because of the strange save system. I just need to re-learn mechanics and then reload, but the game doesn't allow that....
        Another thing both games have in common: they’re at their best when you’re just traveling around *edit: and engaging with content as it comes by*.

Kill the hud and any on-screen info, mount your horse and explore, forget the main story.

Absolutely immersive, great encounters and side quests, no collectible shit, fantastic experience. True “open worlds” in my mind.
            Do you play games to put you to sleep? I hate this no HUD trend. I want info, and I want content, not wandering on a horse
                I had no idea this was a trend now, it’s just immersive.

And why would you avoid info and content? You’re playing as a real witcher, arriving in a village, learning of a monster, finding ways/potions to kill it. Or as a real outlaw. Just without the dissonance of the main quest urging you on.

As for not liking the travel part, the better part of the games market is games that allow you to score/kill/jump/collect without riding a horse or travelling and immersing you in a world. I’m not too excited by those anymore. Maybe there’s a place for both things.
                Cool then keep it enabled, no one's forcing you to turn it off...lol
            So the games are so good that you can have fun just doing nothing but traveling around? But only if you define "just traveling around" as "actually playing the game and not just wandering".

Also no, they aren't. From someone's who's 100% completed both, multiple times. The games are exceptionally boring to just travel around. Red dead is prettier to do that with by far, so there's that, but to actually just walk/ride around and nothing else? That's the cure for insomnia.
                Disagreed. Love wandering around
        Man...I wish you could finish it. The game is so emotionally impactful and the characters just feel so real. I don't know, I think it would be worth it for you just to complete the story, you don't have to 100% it. I get it though.
            I still plan it! I just have to ignore the fact, that relearning it will have some bad consequences in the game, that I can't really avoid. Maybe I'll just veeeery cautiously try to get into it again by hunting or something like that, to just relearn the mechanics. Maybe somewhere at the edge of the map, where it doesn't have too much impact.
                Did you ever end up finishing it?(thoughts?)



Edit: no idea why my flair is that game out of everything lol
                    Still want to, especially after finding out it runs great on my steamdeck. But first I have to finish Elden Ring, which my friends made me finally start too...
        [deleted]
            I thought it also changed other facts than only the exact location, I think some reactions of people and especially bounties were not reset by loading the old save. Also, if the location differs, it's not a true manual save, is it? So yeah, I at least didn't fully understand the manual save system. If it would fully reset the game to an earlier state, I should be fine to get back into the game.
        When I started witcher 3, I was really hyped because it had the same characteristics as my favorite game of all time,Rdr2.

But the more I played it, the more I realized that they're COMPLETELY different. They have some similarities at face value but when you look deeper they really don't.

1- Open world: Yes, both have big open worlds, but red dead's world is much more interactive and discreet than the witcher's, examples: 1-rdr2 has very few side quests but all of them are great, the witcher has a ton of side quests, some great some average. 2-rdr2 has a lot of easily missable random encounters that have no cutscenes and come out of nowhere, in the witcher 3, these types of encounters always include rpg style cutscenes. 3-You can kill, rob, greet npc's in red dead and all of them have schedules and different personalities. Witcher's npc's are like wooden posts that repeat the same lines over and over. 4- While riding your horse in red dead, it is mostly quiet with little cowboy jingles and melodies that play every now and then without you even noticing and make exploring the world a more immersive experience. The music in witcher 3 is on full blast all the time.

2-Clunky movement: Geralt feels weightless and him and roach get stuck on everything. Arthur feels heavy, him and his horse collides with and crashes into everything.

3-Good story: The story in red dead is told with beautiful cinematic cutscenes and requires no lore to understand, you can't change its outcome, it's like a movie. The witcher 3's story requires a lot of lore to truly appreciate and strives on being a videogame story changeable with choices the player makes, it has cinematic cutscenes but they're few and far between, the story is mostly told through rpg 1 on 1 cutscenes which are a pet peeve of mine.

4-Mediocre gameplay: The witcher's 3's gameplay is a lot deeper than red dead's, but the thing is it sucks! With red dead, I was able to simply go: "just shoot people in the head lol", but the witcher has crafting, enchantments, mutations, skills.... Which imo ended up being the most boring part of the game, but it kinda ruined it for me because I couldn't ignore it at all, I tried playing around with them and it was boring as shit.

That's all I remember but I think I got my point accross, they're night and day different, for me at least.
            Very good explanation! That makes sense and solidly explains, why I got into one and not the other.
    This is why finding reviewers that like the same things you do is important.  The general consensus doesn't matter as much.  

Some people find RDR2 and the Witcher 3 immersive, other find them to be extended horse simulators.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
            ... And you seldom buy stuff in that game anyways. Felt like I pretty much just spent my money on clothes or customizing my gun, lol.
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
        Lol, after RDR2 every other games random ‘run over something to pick it up’ feels really naff now and totally takes me out of the experience. I remember going into a shop and being able to pick everything up and manipulate it in your hand and thinking - this is the new bar right here. Always amazes me to see complaints from people about how the game is too interactive/realistic/immersive.
    All I'm seeing in this thread, and sub in general, is the same shit I've seen across every gaming sub. A bunch of people who think you cannot have any substantial criticism of a game while still liking it. It's just a circle jerk one way or another.

Rdr2 is one of my favorite games ever. The gun play is fucking boring. Role playing is damn near non existent, and what little bit of it you can engage in is half assed and pointless(camp system/donations, honor system etc). The game can't figure out if it's an open world "see that mountain? You can climb it" sandbox or a rough and tumble, Dirty cowpoke Sim or a spaghetti western movie and the game feels spread too thin in a lot of spots. 

I could go on, but thay doesn't mean I don't enjoy the game. Yet all I see anywhere I go is people seemingly under the belief that if you criticize something in anyway, you cannot really be a fan. And if you're a fan, you can't possibly have anything more than very minor nitpicks.
    Yeah I heard so many complaints at launch that I ignored it for a year. When I finally tried it the game replaced Witcher 3 as my favorite story focused game.
    Yeah I found RDR2 to be midnumbingly boring, but most people find it to be phenomenal. I love Talos principle, most people find it boring. Different strokes, and that's OK,
        I have mixed feelings on RDR2. As an open world sim, the pure sandbox experience it offers is unmatched. But the campaign is not interesting to play through at all. While the narrative is great, the story missions are tedious and repetitive.
I wish everyone were this reasonable about it. I think that's the biggest issue with the game, is that there's a lot of people in the fandom who have been shouting down criticisms over the years, which then leads to people who otherwise might not have been interested to try and take it up. I respect that you love it and that it's many people's favorite game, I just wish more of them could respect that isn't the same for everyone. 

For me personally, I love a good story, but mechanics are also extremely important, so I found it pretty bland. If I had seen these complaints previous to buying it, I might have passed and would have no reason to be critical. But instead, most of what I saw was how it was the greatest thing ever and a total rejection of any attempt at fair criticisms. So I played through the whole thing just waiting for it to get better, which it never did for me.
    You're 100% right, even as a huge fan I can't help rolling my eyes at the circlejerk.These days it seems like every popular game gets the same treatment. Nobody seems to realize that games are hit or miss by nature. People like different things. What you end up with is people such as yourself who feel misled, overwhelmingly disappointed, and annoyed because fans can't go 3 seconds without saying the game is perfect or else they'll self-destruct. 

Like all games, TW3 does certain things well but falls short in other areas. If someone likes it or not is entirely dependent on what they enjoy in video games. I wouldn't even recommend it to most of my friends because I know it would bore the shit out of them, and there's nothing wrong with that.
    Thank you! I think that's a really good take and it helps me to just accept, that I don't like it and I won't pressure myself to go through it.
Personally I think TW3 is a great game that is actively bogged down by its RPG elements, and would have been better off as an action-adventure game. Which is why its odd to me that a lot of people call it one of the best RPGs of all time. Are the best RPGs the best at being RPGs, or just the best games that happen to be RPGs?
    I tend to agree with you. The choice / consequence elements are implemented very well imo but the skills & progression system is totally lackluster and could have been left out entirely. The looting & gearing is also trash and really only serves as a weak system to support the witcher armor set crafting.
        I HATE the Diablo-style loot system in everything that isn't a straight dungeon crawler.
        The problem with the loot is that all of it sucks compared to the Witcher sets. When a king gifts you his ancestral sword and it's worse than the last 2 swords you've crafted it feels pretty disappointing.
            However the witcher sets will all be out levelled. Because loot progresses with your level where as the witcher sets don't.

I've spent and entire evening killing cows to craft the grandmaster feline set, and then bam,  random sword that drops was better stats.

I was over levelled because I spend a lot of time on the side quests.
                witcher really isn't designed to be played like that but it encourages you to go out and explore. it's a weird mismatch.   

also fyi the witcher sets have cumulative power effects and are cumulatively better than stuff even 5 levels above them. or just download a mod that auto levels the witcher set to your level which is what i did
    Why the fuck is Geralt of Rivia, a dude who's been canonically fucking up monsters for longer then you've probably been alive, leveling up and unlocking basic abilities again?
    > Personally I think TW3 is a great game that is actively bogged down by its RPG elements, and would have been better off as an action-adventure game. Which is why its odd to me that a lot of people call it one of the best RPGs of all time. Are the best RPGs the best at being RPGs, or just the best games that happen to be RPGs?

You're talking about gameplay RPG elements? Because people usually praise the story RPG elements (choices and consequences of your actions).
[deleted]
    “The story” kind of undersells it. I think it’s the tone. I’ve played a lot of games with practically the same mechanics but Witcher has a tone that gives a lot of smaller touches a weight they wouldn’t have in similar games. It’s “grim” but in a way that doesn’t dwell on it. Like everyone wants to move past awful things to the point that they don’t even mention them. Kind of like the real world to an extent, so it feels relatable.

Now obviously to get this tone they have a great story as the backbone and the voice acting, conversational scenes, world, graphics, music, gwent, etc so you can pick them apart individually and appreciate them, but they all serve the awesome tone this game has.
        The tone of the game is why it's one of my favorite all-time games. I can't really describe it but man the tone of that game just feels almost magical. Talking to an NPC when it's raining and there's just this sense of dread and despair through the main game that I've never encountered in any other. It's just absolutely fantastic.
            I’d call it “Earthy.” I’ve never played a game that felt earthy before.
                Gothic 1&2 do earthy so much better.
        Very well said. I played W3 years ago, and just picked up the much-maligned Cyberpunk this week. It's no W3, but I'm honestly loving it so far, largely due to the skill of CDPR in establishing a relatable, real-feeling tone and setting. 

There are plenty of throwaway side quests I don't care about, but then there are also many where I find myself legit caring about the characters, getting wrapped up in their stories and choked up at the emotional bits. That's very rare for me in games.

These games are ultimately Eurojank, and a staple of that sub-genre is an emphasis on pulling you into a game world via world-building and characters, rather than perfectly polished combat and lack of bugs. They have a very different, narratively-driven approach to immersion.
            When you described Eurojank I immediately thought of the Chernobyl games.

I watched a lot of reviews when Cyberpunk came out hoping someone would mention the tone or “feel” of the game world besides it falling apart every ten seconds. I’m not sure the gaming media has picked up on why it was so important for Witcher. But I’m glad you at least said it’s right and I’ll have that to look forward to in ten years when the game is fixed.
        They knew what they were doing with setting the tone, It's this "tone" you are talking about that makes me appreciate the Witcher 3 more than other average RPGS or action-adventure games. The weather team and those behind the art directions did an incredible job, all that complimentet by an amazing soundtrack. You could tell they knew what they were doing by having Gerald murmuring randomly "Wind's howling". It feels very intentional and it sticked with many of the players. 

I can't even say it's one of my top 5 games and I agree with most criticism, I am not even sure I liked the overall plot although I loved the relationships between these characters, especially Geralt and Ciri, but nevertheless the game feels special because of that reason.
    [deleted]
        The problem with the story is the problem I have with a lot of open world RPG's.  What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.  It's not bad it's just not as satisfying.  Which is obviously a subjective thing.

In TW2 for example, you progress through a story.  Depending on your choices, it influences the second chapter.  Depending on your choices there, it influences the third chapter.  The story builds and grows.

In TW3 the story keeps resetting.  You kill or 'save' the Baron.  Then it resets and you decide to kill or support Stali...Radovid.  Then it resets and you decide to side with Cerys or her brother.  Then it resets and...

Nothing builds.  The story keeps resetting and nothing has any impact on anything else until you get to the end game.  And all that changes in the end game really is what NPC's show up to not do anything useful and what slides you get in the post game.

Or put another way, TW3 is basically 4 short stories with an epilogue that ties everything together in the end with cameo's.  TW1 and 2 are novels.
            This is a good analysis of the story. A similar example of this is the Mass Effect trilogy because all of the subplots wind up being mostly inconsequential to the ending, although the trilogy does have a more cohesive plot than TW3.

I disagree a little bit about "nothing building," because there are plot threads that build up to finding Ciri and it does a decent job of that. Ignoring the final act, this is really the main objective of the game, and even though the individual acts are all pretty standalone they do tie into the search for Ciri in a way that is satisfying to me.

But you're spot on in the sense that it's more like an episodic game with a whole bunch of side stories and then a pretty much unrelated overarching plot in the form of the Wild Hunt, which is unfortunately the weakest and most under-developed story in the game.
            To be fair that's mostly what the book series is like- Geralt and his friends going on adventures around the globe as they search for Ciri, more or less.
            > What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.

That was my biggest gripe, too. It'd be less of a problem if the world and the marketing hadn't promised interactivity that would never be delivered. Instead, it's just a slightly better Ubisoft game.

So many missed opportunities, though. Some minor tweaking would have allowed for a much more dynamic main storyline, and it's so irritating that they sacrificed that interactivity to railroad players through one specific outcome. It's basically a JRPG in disguise.
    [deleted]
        > It is like, for example, when I played Fallout New Vegas and realized that most of the villages had plantations around them, something that does not exist in most TES games or in Fallout 3. I always wondered, "but what do these people eat or where does the food come from", and then you look and think, "oh this is where it comes from". The world of Witcher 3 answers several of these seemingly unnecessary questions, which makes it an extremely enjoyable experience to me.

There are a fair few times when they fucked that up as well, though. For instance, clear out a monster nest and the villagers instantly repopulate the area, as if they were hiding in a nearby tree while you were dropping bombs into a pile of leaves. It'd be so much more immersive if you had nothing happen, but found that they'd moved back in after a few in-game days had passed and you trotted through the area again.
            [deleted]
                > maybe they were afraid that many players would not come back through that village and would not realize what happened. I bet that's why they decided to do it in such a forced way.

And what's weird about _that_ is that the way the described it pre-release sounded like they were doubling down on the more long-term way of doing it. In reality, I think they just didn't have time to do the more complex version and so went with that simpler, identical cut-scene every time.

>Still, when I compare it to what I saw at the time in most other open world games, Witcher 3 still managed to set up a much nicer illusion of a "real" world. But ultimately it is always an illusion, and if you look closely you will always find the cracks. For me, Witcher 3 was the game (at least until that point in time) that best hid most of them.

That's fair. It's the best of a group of games that have aged very poorly since Breath of the Wild released. 

As for NPCs, the only ones that I think actually work in these games are those in Bethesda's titles. For all their flaws - and, dear lord, do they have a terrifying list of flaws - the ability to have a named NPC with a distinct backstory and personality (kind of) traipse across Skyrim with you and then _find their own way home_ when you part ways is basically untouchable in modern gaming. They don't have the depth or detail that later games - including Witcher 3 - allowed for, but they interact with the world in the same way as the player does, and that makes such a big difference.
I concur. Witcher 3 is not for everyone, and definietly has faults. 

But this is true for the crpg genre I think. At least I cannot name a perfect title. 

For me probably Bloodlines and New Vegas is closest to the ideal, but I am the first to admit that combat is trash in both games. 

On the other hand Dragon's Dogma has awesome gameplay, brilliant combat, but you can see better plot/voiceover in porn...
Great points. I absolutely knew I would love it before I tried it, and it's perhaps a top 15 game ever (out of 600+) for me. Yet I also knew that it would simply not be for everyone and could certainly see where/why people would bounce off entirely.
can I ask... is it important to have played the previous 2 games? I have tried numerous times to get into Witcher 1 and 2 but the gameplay is just way too clunky for me. I have heard that the gameplay is way better in 3, but story wise will I be lost?
    I don't really think it's crucial to play the others because TW3 is pretty self-contained, but they definitely add a lot to the experience in terms of having some background and being invested in the characters & setting. The first one is notoriously hard to get through but I do enjoy it for what it is. I think TW2 is a pretty solid game but it's definitely a little clunky. Overall if you're the kind of person who is unfazed by janky games they're worth playing, but if you aren't then I'd skip them.
    Here is my suggestion:  
  
Start Witcher 3, do the quests in the first "tutorial zone" (this can be several hours there is a fair amount to do there).  
  
Then you are taken somewhere and gameplot discusses a bit about events earlier in the series. At this point save your game and go to r/gamesthemovie and watch the "movie" version of Witcher1 and 2  
  
Then go back to your W3 save and you can answer person's questions about stuff.  
  
If you watch the movie version of W1&2 before even starting W3 then many of the names and places might go in one ear and out the other. but if you get a taste for W3 and its world and then watch the W1&2 movies I think it works best
    I played 3 without playing the other two. I think I just watched a YouTube summary of the first two games. 3 starts off with like a story graphic to try get you all caught up.
    I started with 3, was a little lost, but like eventually it all clicked. The first area you're in is kind of a slog but once you're out of there everything starts to pick up and eventually I wasn't lost on the story anymore. 

If you don't mind reading or listening to audio books you could catch up on some of Geralt's background with the books/audiobooks that inspired the games.
    Nah, you don't need to play those games. The story introduces the characters really well and you can always read their bios.
    I got it on a huge steam sale without having played the previous games. I completely went against my principle io always seeing storues from the start for basically the only time in my life but I understood the story quite well. The one part I did struggle with was picking some choices at the beginning that were impactful choices in the previous games, and I of course had no fucking clue what any of them meant but I just picked what sounded best from the zero context I had and while I did end up being called a butcherer once or twice well y'know, shit happens.
    Everyone you meet has a write up in your journal that you can read from the menu. It's more than enough to catch up with the story. I didn't know anything about The Witcher going in and still enjoyed it a lot.
It also became super cool and trendy to hate or just not like a game very much that is generally a really popular game. Same with Final Fantasy 7. it used to be or still is the most popular one but some people seem to just dislike it for that exact reason.
Yeah I'm not sure what they're referring to about this - I don't ever remember having to do any tedious grinding of monster mobs. Or even having to try to find specific drops at all. Maybe once or twice way late in the game, when I got OCD about trying to get ingredients for a totally unnecessary potion.
    I've played the game to completion like three or four times and I don't even know what's meant by "monster mobs" or drops. 

I never went out of my way to ever go for loot because you're naturally stumble along some good stuff out of nowhere in obvious places.
Exactly, this was a complaint I had. Getting a new weapon never felt cool to me, because I was constantly getting better and better stuff.
I agree. "grind through several hours of the same faceless mobs".  I cannot remember any of the sort, and I played through it 3 times, DLC and all. 

Maybe take a break from the hunts and concentrate on the story missions a while, let them carry you away.
    I haven't a fucking clue what they are on about regarding grinding in the witcher, it's literally not even a thing.
I didn't do any grinding in my entire 150 play through OP. I do remember getting my ass kicked by minor enemies like wolves right at the beginning though but that improved quickly.
Yeah, I have no idea why OP felt that they needed to grind. The only grinding I had to do was to level up my Aerondight and even that was really quick, using the bear fast travel trick in Kaer Morhen.
For what it's worth, I aggressively avoided time-wasting and still burned out after 10 hours or so, because it seemed like the main interesting content was separated by a huge amount of tedious gameplay.
    I'm the complete opposite, I don't recall any part of the game tedious in the slightest - not on rails, no grinding, just doing whatever and coming across random quests and monsters.

What did you find tedious ?
        Combat boils down to orbiting enemies, hitting them with a sword, occasionally using a power to get a mild advantage. It got old very fast.

Also, traversing the world became a chore.

And finally, the rewards. How oh how I got sick of swapping for a new sword every six minutes to gain 3% advantage.
            Sounds like you just don't like the game at all 

The last point is not even valid, anything less than death march and you rarely need to even change your sword.

On my recent play through I think I'm 10 hours in and have changed my sword once, only because it was part of a set.
This exactly. I hate gwent, stopped playing it, it hadn't been a problem ad I'm more than halfway through.
>Lower the difficulty all the way down, do not concern yourself with grinding or gear management

I've never particularly loved the combat in any of the Witcher games, but I was fine enough with it to get through the first two on normal. I'm like halfway through TW3 now finally though, and dropping the difficulty all the way down like 20 hours in was the best decision I've made. I don't find the combat all that satisfying, so having it end quicker so I can get back to the world and story and characters is great for me. Those are the things that I'm really enjoying about it, and spending more of my time with those and less with fighting and Gwent is just making it even better for me.
    All you need to invest your points in is light attack. You own every fight
        Yeah even on Death March once you have that spin to win move it's so stupidly easy.
        I loved turning Geralt into a bladed dreidel and spin attacking mooks into mince meat
I cranked the difficulty up and loved the combat. You have to do some serious rolling to fight more difficult enemies. I enjoyed the combat. Maybe that’s just me.
    [deleted]
        That’s a great way to describe it. I didn’t read any of the books. But I usually crank up difficulty on games anyways for funsy because it makes you use the in game systems more. I really got sucked in though and went full Witcher mode. I knew all the enemy types in the end and was using the proper spells and oiling up swords without even thinking about it. The story was just the icing on the cake for me. Great game.
            In short you either play as the unstoppable geralt of rivia, superhuman Witcher and monster slayer extraordinaire, or on death March, you have to *be* him to succeed
        >  really get into the Witcher mindset. the preparation, the precise tactics and strategy, the weaknesses of the monster you're fighting, etc.

Yea, that's absolutely how it should be played. Alchemist/Swordfighting witcher with very minimal use of magic. I guess many people want to just go in and slash things. Maybe that takes away too much of the atmosphere.
            Yea, effective sign use is important tho
    I agree, particularly on a second run through having the difficulty on max forces you to fight well or die, and you definitely won't get away with taking on monsters >5 levels above you. Additionally restoring vitality becomes more difficult so it's ads to the survival aspect
    [deleted]
        Between the mutations and having to decide whether to increase physical damage, commit to potions and concoctions, or go full magic I felt it was pretty diverse. Some of the battles with dragons and griffins were extremely hard. Don’t get me started on the asshole high level wraiths.
> I also played it years later and just cheated to save time.

There are also some imo must have QOL mods on nexus mods like unlimited weight limit, unlimited durability and show all quest markers that greatly reduce the grind and improve the overall experience
    I dunno man, I kinda think it reflects really negatively on a game if you can describe a handful of QOL mods as "must have".
        Skyrim and the Unofficial Patch?
            Are you asking me if I think it reflects negatively on a game that was released I don't even know how many times without fixing some stuff that fans fixed years ago in their spare time?

If you're asking that, then yes I think it reflects negatively on Skyrim.
                Good. You're at least consistent. 👍
This, and don't throw away your beginner armor!  The upgrades you find for it are better than anything you find randomly in the world.
    Also, iirc, some of the absolute most expensive. I remember spending an eye watering amount on the Master wolf school armor.
I played it once at medium difficulty and loved it. Though I might have loved anything back then since it was my first PS4 game. Tried it on Death March later and it's an entirely different game.

The downside is that some enemies get a huge health bar and it's a chore to take them down, but managing potions, bombs, oils made the game so much better. And the food, at lower difficulties you can sell all the food you have since you'll refill your health by meditating, but at Death March you need it so bad you'll end up buying it every now and then.

And this is coming from someone who usually plays games at easy-medium difficulty, I usually enjoy getting through the story without suffering with combat, but in this case it adds a lot to the experience.
I played it on Death March from the start, and every battle I can remember was pretty easily doable just with sidestep-stab-sidestep-stab over and over. Eventually I just stopped bothering with potions and prep (especially as the UI for potions is awful and takes forever to find the one you need by tooltipping over each one).
This ! It clicked for me once I played it on death March. Suddenly everything has impact and every enemy was challenging and boss fight are as epic as in the books. But of course it’s not for everyone
In fact the game actively discourages grinding by making lower level monsters give almost 0 xp.
    Mods can fix all three problems lol. Make enemies more innovative in their attack patterns, add additional combat options and combos for Geralt, and make it worthwhile to fight monsters that you don't really need to.

You can even have a cape while doing it. God I love mods.
Yeah I'm kind of puzzled as to what op is talking about as far as grinding goes. Even on the highest difficulty you get all the gear and xp you need by just playing the main quest
    The last time I played the game I intentionally avoided all side content to do a narratively canonical run (due to the high stakes) of just playing the main storyline and not once was I forced to halt my progression. 

At the absolute worst I think I ended up being only 5 levels below the recommended by the end of the 40+ hour story and it wasn't enough to cause a problem.
        I’m about halfway through the game for the first time and I really appreciate how you can be properly leveled by just doing the main story. IMO a huge issue with some worse, similar games like Assassin’s Creed Origins is that the side content is required to keep up level wise and a lot of it sucks. Maybe some of Witcher 3’s side content is boring too, but I don’t know because I only have to do what I want.
This is kind of what I experienced.  I thought the combat and controls were kind of clunky, but it never seemed like it was very "grindy."  I wish the controls were better because the characters, lore, setting and even the npc's were very interesting to me.
    Controls is the number 1 complaint of everyone one, even from people who love the game. This is however the first time I hear somebody complain about it being grindy...
It sounds more like OP went into the rpg expecting grinding so they went in grinding and was surprised it didn't help.
    This is almost too accurate. It’s exactly what I thought when reading the post.
In my first run I would stop and kill anything that startled me, even the wolves. It became boring, then I realized you're supposed to just ignore everything that's not meaningful, or you'll be stuck killing drowners and ghouls forever.
The first time I played the game I left White Orchard, found myself in Velen and started heading towards the Red Baron. On the side of the road there's a group of bandits. They start attacking as I get close, and an arrow one shots me. So, obviously I need to clear them out. Didn't understand that I could block arrows, got annoyed that sneaking was not an option, my crossbow was useless, and these guys just kept killing me because I wasn't dodging. So I figured, huh, maybe I'm underleveled for Velen. Went back to White Orchard, killed more stuff, those guys still kept killing me. WTF?

Later I realized, oh, maybe I'll just gallop past them.
fighting mooks when there's no quest is (like in real life) not very rewarding
My experience was hearing about everyone giving up on the game after 100 hours of side content and never finishing the main plot. So I thought, okay I'll only do the plot and ignore all side content. I left White Orchards without investigating a single ? on the map which also meant I didn't get any places of power, and I did no side quests which meant I came across very little loot.

I got to Velen and tried to continue only following the storyline. I took the lowest level main quest and started that.

Even with an NPC sidekick and being on the second lowest difficulty, I was getting destroyed in this quest. So, I kinda feel like doing some side quests and hunting down places of power became necessary for me.
Agreed, I'm constantly overlevelled in this game and never grind
I think it's praised mostly for the world tbh. The "feeling" of it, the atmosphere and the worldbuilding... if it grows on you there's nothing quite like it. The writing being good just makes it even better but I would argue that it recieved praise for isolated brilliant moments rather than as a "full narrative". At least I don't see much praise for the *plot* and more so for the story. You like the characters, you like the decisions they have to make, specially in the side missions (baby in the oven, etc).

But yeah, the gameplay is nothing special, though in my case, it never got in the way of the other enjoyable aspects of the experience.

OP, if you're reading this, wait until you're done with the main storyline of Velen. The one involving the Red Baron. If you do not like it by the end of it it won't be your cup of tea. But it's definitely worth hanging around until you see it all wrap up.
    "The writing being good just makes it even better but I would argue that it recieved praise for isolated brilliant moments rather than as a "full narrative". At least I don't see much praise for the plot and more so for the story."

This was my main take away from it - its got moments of greatness here and there but I wouldn't describe the actual plots as anything that blows me away. The main villians are rather lackluster which is made even worse by the Crones being intruiging villians who promptly vanish and then pop back up to be dealt with by a side track.

The Radovid storyline for me was especially lackluster and sort of dropped the ball at the end from a writing persepective.
    > But it's definitely worth hanging around

oof
Agreed. I’ve never wanted to like a game more. The story is good, the way it’s told is great. Love the visuals and the presentation, the world and world-building, the characters, etc. 

Actually *playing* the game I found a bit tedious after a while. I’ve been playing it off and on since 2018 and am nearly finished, mostly because if I put it down for more than a few days I have a real hard time convincing myself to pick it back up again. Mostly just trying to see how the story ends at this point. 

At least exploring the world itself is usually fun, even if the combat and other mechanics fall flat for me. Hate the Gwent crap, hate the crafting system, the horse racing mini game… I don’t begrudge anyone else for loving this game, because there’s a lot to like, but I think it’s just not for me. Or maybe I’m just burned out on open world RPGs at this point.
Same thoughts here. I remember a few epic scenes from the main game and some great side quests, but “Hearts of Stone” and “Blood and Wine” are the all-around best parts of the game, especially for their narratives.
Not OP but I'm early on in Witcher 3 (still in White Orchard, maybe 4-5 hours in, playing on Switch), and my feelings so far are:

* The inventory and menus are worse than Skyrim and Zelda BOTW (e.g. getting the map up is more than one click, alcohol is really important for meditation but it's just muddled in with the rest of my inventory, the quick-slots are quite mixed up). I assume this is all better on PC.
* The movement, camera and fighting are awkward and worse than Skyrim and BOTW (although I get that it's meant to be more like Skyrim)
* The card game is worse than Final Fantasy 8 and 9 - granted I only played the tutorial so far, but I "got" the FF card games immediately and I'm not immediate grabbed by Gwent.
* The game feels very bleak and miserable. I get that it's meant to, but I just came off the back of playing 110 hours of Dragon Quest 11 so there's quite a dichotomy. I feel unhappy playing this game.
* The graphics, characters, facial expressions, mannerisms are fucking brilliant and outshine any other game I've played
* The story, storywriting, dialogue and history are all wonderful

I am going to stick it out, as I hear it gets better later on, but I get what OP is saying.
    Just to say that the inventory menu uses the touch screen on the Switch which is fairly useful. In case you didn't realise.
        I play on my TV, but thanks.
    Please leave white orchard before you form any real opinions lmaoo
        Why can they not form a real opinion after playing for 4-5 hours?
            They can have an opinion but they've only played the tutorial area of an 100 hour game. White Orchard is quite basic if I remember correctly and not really representative of the entire game.
            it's like critiquing a JRPG after 10-20 hours of gameplay. the game will have only introduced basic mechanics to you and maybe one set piece boss. there is no way to gauge what the game will eventually turn out to be since the good stuff is paced to be around 40 hours in and the emotional payoff will be 70-80 hours in   

that's one thing i enjoyed about witcher 3, all the good content wasn't front loaded in the first 5 hours along with the tutorial. any review that stops at 5 hours without even leaving white orchard is like someone critiquing a movie after they've seen the opening credits and the cast walking into frame.
This! 

Whenever I hear the “I don’t get the hype” it usually boils down to that person not enjoying RPG’s in general.
    From what I've seen, it would be more accurate to say that those who praise the game have different priorities than those who don't like it.

Witcher 3 is praised for the writing, characters and story, but those are secondary to someone who likes to focus on, for instance, class building or freedom of play style.
    I love RPG, play PnP offline, but couldn't get into this one. The beginning of the game didn't raise enough interest to overlook the gameplay issue, I tried three times, got 20h in the game, it just doesn't click.

But it's fine. Not every game is for everyone.
        The story and characters were great but the gameplay just seemed like alot of running from one npc to the next and the combat was kind of underwhelming compared to other games.
        Out of curiosity. What RPG had better gameplay?
            I got, that this was debated a lot, also here in this thread, but for me, subjectively, all of the Bethesda RPGs have better gameplay, if you're talking about that style of modern open world RPG. Maybe I'm used to it since being addicted to Morrowind.

But when talking about RPGs in general: All of the old isometric ones, like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment and the king of current RPG: Disco Elysium. The Dungeon Master style RPGs with the Grimrock 1& 2 renaissance also felt a lot more RPGish to me and I got along better with their gameplay.

&#x200B;

edit and PS: For me RPG means reading and getting into the world, doing everything at my pace. The isometric RPGs and the dungeon master style ones are a lot slower and allow for that style of playing. The elder scrolls games are in a totally different style, but they are SO free in what you do, that I could find my own pace. The witcher is more of an actiongame, but it still forces you to a certain amount of speed and to follow the story more closely than the elder scrolls allow, so for me, it works a lot differently - when talking about the RPG perspective.
                Fair. But I honestly can’t see how Skyrim gameplay is better then the Witcher. 

I would put them on par. 

They both have magic you throw out. 

You have basic sword animations. 

One if first and the other isn’t
                    What the other guy says: skyrim supports far more combat styles, especially stealth, summoning minions and archery, which are my usual ways of fighting, and witcher offers none of them. Also magic is far less than I imagined and which most RPGs also offer more. 

The style fits to the world and the atmosphere, it connects pretty well, but there are far less ways to fight in the witcher than in skyrim for example. Also it feels more clunky, but that might be a personal thing, because again, I played every Bethesda RPG out there, so I'm just really used to it. The inventory in skyrim is ridiculous due to the console compatibility, just to mention one example, but it didn't turn me off enough that the game didn't work for me. 


And wow, witcher fans are raging.... Because I'm listing RPGs in a thread about RPGs?
                    Skyrim combat is just way more fun and gives you way more options. You can be a stealth archer, you can use a sword with shield, you can use illusion to make enemies fight each other, you can sneak around and hit people with a dagger, you can summon creatures to fight for you, etc. Even though its not very polished its just way more fun than dodging and using one of 4 spells.
    I love RPGs and I'm currently playing Witcher 3 finally like OP. I plan on finishing it but I also think it's one of the most overrated games ever.
I could see your point up until the last part. 

Janky movement and confusing inventory are dealbreakers so you play…. Elder scrolls? Wtf
    Yeah, Skyrim probably has the highest jank-to-popularity ratio I can think of aside from games where jank is the whole point.
    Lmao
    Seriously what kind of take is this😂
    Janky movement?  Elder Scrolls games often have janky animations for things you see but the movement itself is fine, it's first person and it does what you expect.  If you're playing in third person... why?
        There’s plenty of movement related jank, primarily with objects and walls
    Hahahaha. Yes fair dos, I think cos it’s first person I just don’t notice and also play in VR since that version came out..
        >  also play in VR

the ultimate janky controls. just wiggle your arms around and wow you've done so much damage!   
can't stand VR melee combat coz of that
            Not disagreeing. There is cooldown on attacks though. (bow being the exception) What else do you feel they should have done out of interest? I just play normally and dont cheese it. Not as if the combat in flat screen was ever amazing.
Ugh the movement is awful! It feels like you are trying to trudge a giant robot through molasses. It takes so long for an animation to start then it takes forever for the animation to stop after you have stopped. 

Honestly, if the movement was just exactly like dark souls, witcher 3 would be perfect to me, but the movement is so dumb and frustrating that it is usually what makes me put it down.
Huh. An I can’t get into Skyrim. Tried several times.
    I was completely immersed in the world of Witcher 3, to the point that I was sad when it was all over.

I stopped playing Skyrim after 20 hours because the whole thing was utterly boring af. It's popularity baffles me. And that's coming from someone who is a huge fan of the other Elder Scrolls games, especially Morrowind.
        Skyrim’s popularity largely comes from how accessible it is, and its presentation (the soundtrack especially). Before Skyrim, most open world RPGs had a learning curve to them, whereas Skyrim appeals to people who don’t even play RPGs. The truth is that Skyrim is every bit as janky as a game like Witcher 3, with even worse combat, clunky menus, etc, but the key difference is that Skyrim generally doesn’t punish players for their choices. It’s an open world sandbox that encourages people to make their own fun. Witcher 3 isn’t an open world sandbox; it’s an open world story-driven RPG, where choices matter. But none of that matters if you aren’t invested in the story, which sounds like OPs issue to an extent.
            I would call TW3 more of an action / adventure than an RPG.  The RPG elements are too half-baked and undercooked to really matter that much.  I wouldn't really put it in the same conversation as Skyrim, it's much more like Assassin's Creed or another open world franchise, with a lot of Bioware style story shoved on top.  I can't be a wizard or a heavy tank or a nimble rogue.  I can only be a swordsman that uses signs.  Which is fine, but it's lacking in a lot of the stuff I look for in RPGs that even more action oriented games like Dark Souls possess.

Also combat that poor in a post Dark Souls world is just silly, even Kingdoms of Amalur had better combat.  A LOT better combat.  Skyrim is just an evolution of a style that had been created before CDPR were even making games.  Fallout 4 improved the combat a lot so hopefully their next game will have better combat, they seem to be fairly rapidly improving gameplay mechanics from game to game.
                Both Witcher and Dark Souls are technically “action RPGs”, or even “action adventure RPGs”, though obviously they’re only superficially similar. 

Your build in Witcher matters more than you might think, especially at higher difficulties. Yeah, you’re always some variation of the “Witcher class”, but those variations determine how you approach combat. In my last playthrough, I largely avoided signs and mostly relied on alchemy to buff Geralt’s swordsmanship. Was pretty fun as a sort of glass cannon. But yeah, most of the actual roleplaying occurs in the dialogue sections, much like a Bioware RPG, or Planescape: Torment even. 

Kingdoms of Amalur is one of those games I wish I could appreciate. The God of War esque combat is neat, but everything else rubbed me the wrong way. 

Fallout 4’s combat is okay. Better than Fallout 3 or NV for sure, but it has many of the same issues action based RPGs have, like limited AI and super spongey enemies.
        Yup, I had to force myself to complete Skyrim and never went back to it. On the other hand, Oblivion was amazing.
        Dude I even drew out the ending because I knew I’d have a Witcher 3 sized hole in me after
    The melee combat turned me off so much and I really don't want to talk to every NPC just to get the why and the what of everything.
I think my biggest complaint is when Geralt is talking to another character it feels very slow and unnatural and sorta breaks immersion for me on top of the issues you just listed. I really really want to enjoy it but after just playing RDR2 It's just so uninteresting. I think I'n gonna give Witcher 2 a go to see if the backstory helps.
    Personally I thought Witcher 2 was the strongest of the trilogy. Obviously it doesn't come close to the breadth of things to do as 3 as its a much more linear game, but what's there is consistently well executed. Also note that 1 and 2 are much closer to pure RPGs vs. 3 which is much more action oriented.
    Yikes, witcher 2 is like the jank from 3 with extra amateur yuk ;)
I second this. The controls being so janky infuriated me and made the game unplayable. It was beautiful and immersive until I wanted to turn slightly left.
That's exactly I feel about the dark souls series:

Nah this game isn't hard. It's just a memorization and pattern repetition game like gunstar heroes, OG Mario, or super meat boy in a 3D world.

With terrible load times and janky unresponsive controls.
    This is exactly how I feel. Making animation frames long and controls unresponsive is now being rewarded as difficult game design.
        Because timing, positioning and hitboxes literally do provide more layers to combat.. the idea that the controls are unresponsive is just silly.  You want to be able to dodge roll out of every animation, just say that.
            Don't you? Having the character react when you press a button is the premise of video games. From Pong to fighting games. Making the animations clunky and the controls unresponsive is a dumb way to create difficulty. And a good way to get me to put the controller down. W3's combat was a little jank but fair.
                I disagree. Dark souls is not unresponsive. It’s slow. It’s slow so you have to be deliberate. You cannot spam the dodge button to avoid attacks, you have to choose when you want to dodge.
                >W3's combat was a little jank but fair

But it was also frustrating. Heavy attacks are never a good option so you stick to light attacks, except they aren't always the same speed. Sometimes geralt stabs fast, other times he does a spin and takes twice as long, allowing enemies to hit me out of the animation. Dark souls may be slow af, but it is consistent at least.
            I've been playing Dark Souls and movement/combat seems terrible. I don't understand what people are talking about when they say combat is great. Hitboxes are awful, You could dodge the attack, see the weapon miss you but still get killed. Most of the time it's your movement that kills you not the monsters. It's definitely not for people who like more precision movement and less acrobatics (M&B, Mordhau, KC:D, Chivalry)
                Dark Souls felt pretty janky and unfair until I got used to it, but that took me hours and hours and there are still moments that piss me off. I understand why some people try it and hate it because I was very nearly the same way myself. You can't really play it like other games.

You have to play it like Dark Souls; meticulous, patient, observant, etc. It's the only game I've played where you dodge after releasing the button and not immediately when you press it. Actions are basically on a delayed queue so you have to anticipate rather than react. It's very weird.
        I love the Souls series but honestly I agree, some boss fights and areas are just utter bullshit and you kind of have to learn to deal with them to get the payoff of the rewarding areas and boss fights. Can definitely see how people would dislike it
Same. The horrible combat dragged the whole experience down to a 7/10 for me.

The story wasn't that good either. Loved the hearts of stone DLC though. Soundtrack was phenomenal too, but I'd say that's the only thing that TW3 has over Elder Scrolls. Elder Scrolls does everything else better, even the combat.
    The Soundtrack! Noooooo! Skyrim sounds are iconic beauty!
Yep.  I understand that people have preferences, but as a lifelong gamer who enjoys pretty much ever genre I feel like I should at least enjoy one of the “greatest games of all time” at least a little.
    Feels like emperor’s new clothes. Both me and friend are lifelong gamers in our forties. Both gave this a fair go, decided we just weren’t enjoying it at all. Like really, at all. Tried again another time from scratch. Few hours...Maybe maybe, nope. Seems some others agree. I also enjoy a variety of genres. It has to feel good to me to play though, and if it doesn’t, and I don’t feel any promise after a while, I move on. Nearest equivalent might be Fallout 3. Janky doesn’t begin to describe it, but suddeny realised I just felt absorbed by it. Never happened with this, what can I say. Life is too short.
>Edit: And I installed a mod to skip ALL gwent games

Arrest this man
    STOP RIGHT THERE, CRIMINAL SCUM!
Shit, I wish I'd known about that no-Gwent mod. Deck-building games are really not my jam and I'd done my best to avoid picking up any quests related to it, but I had one for the bartender in Oxenfurt that I'd gotten really early. So I figured, it's low-level, why not? I went in not knowing what I was doing and lost, and I would've been fine to just walk away but he was such a smug *prick* about it. 

Long story short, the quest being in my log bothered me so much and I was so hell-bent on showing him who was boss that I ended up playing a fuckload of Gwent to get better cards. I went back with some actual game knowledge and every card I could buy, and... still lost. But it was then that I remembered a sneaky trick from my Cyberpunk playthrough...

After turning the difficulty down to the lowest setting, I *narrowly* beat him by a stroke of luck. But the quest was completed and I finally put him in his place.
>and even platinumed Assassin's Creed Odyssey

That's funny, because I've been playing ACO and TW3 at the same time, and I can definitely see myself doing every little thing in TW3 but absolutely not in ACO, even though I've been having fun with both. Go figure.

>Edit: And I installed a mod to skip ALL gwent games

Now that sounds like a mod I could really use
    Assassin's Creed Odyssey has fluidity in the combat and movement, something TW3 lacks.
        It does, and as weird at it is to say after how much I disliked the earlier games I actually like that about it. But as much as I like Kassandra and some of the other characters, the writing in TW3 is just way more interesting to me a lot of the time, which makes me actually care about the side quests instead of just feeling like a lot of them are filler like in ACO ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
        plus a multitude of weapons that play differently from on another, builds that actually matter and way better skill trees that unlock actual skills you can use, instead just boosting your stats like just about every upgrade in TW3. I can see why people like TW3 world, characters, music better, but ACO is the superior video game.
>felt like a chore to finish The Witcher 3

>platinumed Assassins Creed 17
    Well, TW3’s gameplay is basically Assassin’s Creed minus the parkour that makes it fun and the stealth that gives you options. I’d say both games are pretty bland in the gameplay department, but if I had to choose purely from a gameplay perspective I’d rather play AC.
I played it pretty damn close to release, so I don't think it's because you waited too long. Honestly I just couldn't get passed how bad the game felt to play. I'm sure the story, writing, and world building are all done well, but I'll never found out because I find the game itself so terrible to play that I can't make it far enough in to experience it.
Despite being labeled an rpg, Witcher 3 is mechanically closer to an action adventure game.
    It's a beat em up
        I usually call it "Grand Theft Medieval" because beating things up and driving your horse to different activities just gives me that vibe.  Only thing it lacks is a reason to hijack other horses and an over the top police response system.
I don’t really see what was particularly groundbreaking about it. It was just another open-world RPG. It has good writing and presentation, which seem to be the main draws of the game, but I don’t really see what it did that hadn’t been done before.
I fail to see how it was groundbreaking. Most of the things that make it good were already in witcher 2, the rest of the stuff they just added ubisoft open world elements in.
[deleted]
    What changed?
        [deleted]
            Honestly that's where I'm at. I've given this game two chances so far, each shot about 10-20 hours. But now after have watched the TV show, and having gotten into platinum trophy hunting on the PS, I got the whole TW3 bundle for cheap and wanna give it another shot.
                Hope the game finally clicks! Can't recommend it enough and Season 2 of the show makes me want to play it all over again (waiting for next gen update though). 

Just a hint as there's a few missable trophies. Play gwent with every character you meet as soon as possible. Some become unavailable later and you win unique cards from them. You need all gwent cards for a trophy. By everyone I mean people involved in quests, you get generic cards from merchants and you need those too, they just aren't missable.

If you don't play on the hardest difficulty Death March you need to play the game another time over (preferrably in NG+) so you have a second chance if you missed anything. It's kind of hard to recommend doing two playthroughs if you're not sure if you are that into it, but I'd still say it's worth it so you don't spoil the quests that have missable trophies. Just go blind for the first time and then NG+ Death March with a plan for missables. Makes it a lot easier too since you keep your gear and skills.

By the way good on you for getting the expansions too they are absolutely amazing both of them. They should be played after the main story just keep that in mind.
                    Thanks for the thoughts and comments!

Any news on when the next gen update is coming? I still have a bit o a backlog to get through, and with Elden Ring coming out seen, I probably won't be starting Witcher for a bit...
                        It was delayed from end of 2021 to Q2 2022 so April-June I think. I have a massive backlog too so I didn't mind.

Definitely go through your backlog first and wait for the update since you get it for free anyway!
    Welcome, fellow Witcher.
To be fair the graphics on the succubus and the prostitutes were revolutionary for their time.
>One of the most overrated games of all time!

>Although I didn’t finish, claim played like 10% of the story, but actually am probably exaggerating for reddit and didn’t leave the tutorial area
Imo, it's meh if you don't know the story.

But, if you've read the books, then it's fun! The game is about the universe, lore, and story. Not the mechanics.

At least, that's how it was for me.
    So you’re saying a GAME has bad GAMEplay, sounds lik a bad game to me.
    I never read the books or played the first two games and Witcher 3 is still one of my fav games of all time lol to each their own I guess.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
        If you like fantasy, i do recommend the books first.

I can't say enough about how meh the game was to me before reading the books!

If you're no interested in the books, then yeah. There's a ton of other games to play!
> I think the Witcher 3 is actually one of the most overrated games of all time.

Okay mate... you can have a discussion without bombastic statements meant to rub people the wrong way.
The problem is that the game is 99% gameplay and 1% story and the gameplay is wretched.  If you're saying 40% of the game being great to you was the story then you're saying the smallest part of the game outshone the dreadful amounts of horribly repetitive gameplay which doesn't make sense to me.
I don’t know, Novigrad is such a damn chore, especially after doing Velen, something that was super fun.
I played it in 2020-2021 and I actually loved the game. In my opinion, everything holds up very well except for the combat which is average. AC series is just so poor story-wise by comparison.
Add RDR2 to the list, it has the most beautiful nature I have ever seen in a game.
I think a huge problem with hype is that hype can be genre blind. 

Many hyped properties in all media get that way because they break out of their niche, usually because they do something the niche doesn't do. And this in turn brings a lot of the hype. It's the "I don't usually like eggs, but this omelette is great" problem; part of why people love it is because it was able to offer something unique (to them) that may have always been there, hidden behind variables the break out media was able to avoid.

It's like how Game of Thrones attracted a lot of people who had never read a fantasy book. To people who don't know fantasy, it was "innovative" in it's liberal amounts of fucking, but to those who do read fantasy they knew the fucking was already there, this is just the first time many people were paying attention.

Alternative, accessibility outside the niche can alienate people who are comfortable in the niche. The Witcher 3 does not have the kind of combat a more "traditional" RPG player may seek out, and they're wholly in their right to be underwhelmed if not bored by it. 

I don't want to reduce things back to "art is subjective" (not least of all because I don't believe that's the case), but enjoyment is absolutely subjective. I can understand wanting to analyze and explore why something is good and or bad, and disagreeing there, but I will never understand the need to "correct" people who just didn't like a thing.
If the Witcher 3 is accused of being an "Ubisoft open-world" then we can retire that term as it has officially become meaningless. TW3 has a relatively non-bloated map, all of the activities are thematically appropriate, they all layer onto each other in a meaningful way (doing a witcher contract often helps you discover treasure maps and acquire rare crafting ingredients), the side quests are very well written, and everything contributes to the overall worldbuilding.
Actually, ubisoft open world games are reskins of the witcher 3 (but with the social media integration)
    ok
The jump from DS to Witcher is jarring. The frustration was that DS just feels a lot more... Meaty game play wise. 
Depending on your equipment, you can go from needing to do 3-8 hits on an enemy to 1 shotting them. With Witcher from what I gather, it is more like 10 hits to 9. Idk.
Lmao. Using Bloodborne as an example for non jank is hilarious. Not only can you not get past 30 frames, the controls are absolutely trash. This is coming from someone who loves the souls series.

Dark souls series is the most floaty games I've ever played.
    Then you have a different definition of the word floaty.  And by that I mean wrong definition.
Same, man. More RPGs need to take notes from Fromsoft titles.

Sekiro and Dark Souls 3 ruined so many games for me combat wise. Even the original Demon Souls kicks ass when comparing that game's combat with TW3's combat.

I'm honestly scared to see just how polished the combat is in Elden Ring. It's probably more polished than Sekiro was.
    Most rpgs are role play and story first, combat not even a consideration.

Im not even sure how fromsoft games count as rpgs. They're action games with good combat. No rpgs should take notes because they're not story or role play focused games. They do their own thing. Rpgs do their own thing
        Never really understood this, especially as an excuse for The Witcher 3.

So? Prepare for a wall of text. :)


RPGs have mediocre combat because they focus on roleplaying, that is true, that's because they sacrifice fluidity in favor of giving the player so many options to roleplay with. That includes combat, not just in dialogue.

You always have so many options to bring down opponents to their knees in proper RPGs like every single Elder Scrolls game, Divinity Original Sin 1 & 2, Baldur's Gate 1 2 & 3, Dragon's Dogma, every single Fallout game until 4 & 76, etc. 

Hell, in Morrowind alone, you could use shortswords, longswords, greatswords, daggers, axes, greataxes, pickaxes, clubs and maces, warhammers, tantos, wakizashis, katanas, daikatanas, spears, tridents, crossbows, staves, bows, throwing darts & throwing knives, ninja stars, sabers, claymores, & halberds. 
Each weapon is tied to a certain skill.
And almost every weapon could be used in 3 ways, you could slash, stab or smash. 

Don't even get me started on how much you could utilize magic in combat. You could create thousands of your own unique spells. Potions are a game changer. Both magic and potions can let you walk across water, let you jump really high in the air, turn you invisible, make you randomly explode, boosts up your dodge skill so you could hardly ever get hit in combat, levitate over mountains, use telekinesis, raise the dead, etc.

You could even choose 1 of 10 races to play as, with each choice drastically changing your playstyle.

Morrowind sacrificed fluidity in favor of options.

Yes, options, a major *key* for proper RPGs and something that *The Witcher 3 doesn't have* combat and roleplaying wise, that is.

You are always Geralt. You could only choose what Geralt is thinking of. You are always stuck with a prewritten character, not unlike Nathan Drake, Arthur Morgan, Kratos, Dante, Aloy and Lara Croft. You only have one option to roleplay with character wise. That is hellishly *detrimental* to role-playing, but good for storytelling.

Does that belong in an RPG? Of course not. Only Mass Effect pulled off a pre-written character in an RPG well.

I don't expect it to be done well again.

Now, gameplay-wise:

You always use two swords, two attacks (and both of them function exactly the same), one steel and one silver, along with a crossbow that barely even works, a couple bombs, and you only have 5 spells that all act very similarly which each other especially with Igni and Aard. Throughout the whole game, about 100 hours long, you are playing the same exact way. You would be playing the exact way if you restarted the game all over again.

Slash, slash, dodge, Aard.

Slash, big slash, dodge, roll, Yrden.

Axii, slash, slash. 

Slash, crossbow, miss, slash, slash, Igni.

Whirly slash, slash, slash, Quen.

Very little opportunities to truly roleplay in combat.

Very little options in general.

So, The Witcher 3 got rid of fluidity in favor of... *what exactly?* It couldn't be options, as you can clearly tell. 

Could it be.. good visual environment design? A phenomenal soundtrack? Good writing?

Dark Souls has all 5. And the level design is actually good.

Granted, I do agree that Dark Souls is straddling the line between ARPG and RPG, but it still has the fundamentals of an RPG. 

Options.

Customization.

Variety.

You could still customize yourself and insert yourself into the grim world of Lordran as whoever you wish to be. You could even choose your own background.

Are you... a Noble Knight, the juggernaut of the medieval battlefield, clad in thick steel armor that can shrug off the harshest of blows?

Are you... a Barbarian, armed with an axe that could break through shields as if they were sheets of cardboard and cleaving through small groups of enemies with a single swing?

Are you... a Thief, sneaking through the dark depths and dodging the most powerful attacks gracefully as if you are Serpico from Berserk?

Are you... a Wizard, vaporizing enemies from afar with blasts of pure arcane magic, ranging from swords made up of pure magic, to mini magic darts, to gigantic bolts equivalent to Dragon Ball Z's *KAMEHAMEHAAAA?*

Are you... a Pyromancer, able to train your flesh to withstand the intense, blistering heat of a large flaming fireball, right before you incinerate a crowd of enemies?

Are you... a Cleric, healing you and your helpful summons with your heavenly trinkets through the power of jolly cooperation?

On top of that, you can interact with NPCs in the world and decide their fates on a whim. 

Do you help Sigmeyer of Catarina find his daughter or you do let him die in the murky, fiery depths of the lost Izalith?
You do you kill him the moment you see him? Maybe even in front of his own kin, right after their little reunion, just to make the world feel a little bit *darker?*

Do you praise the sun alongside Solaire, as he is giving expressing gratitude to the one thing that is giving him hope in this *hellish* world, or do you let him suffer as a parasite corrupts him, rendering him of all the joy he once had?

Do you try to kill the Crestfallen Knight as he is mocking you, or do you prove him wrong and *destroy* the one thing that is keeping him from hollowing him, leaving him to roam Firelink Shrine as a wrinkly husk that attavjs everything it sees?

Do you link the flame, continuing the everlasting destruction that Gwyn has brought unto the world in his quest to *stop* fate *itself?*

Or do you *smother it?*

To spare you, I won't even get started on the weapons, but here's one thing I could tell you about them:

Most of the weapons found in Dark Souls have their own specific moveset. Each moveset works better in some situations more than others. 

A dagger would be more quick and easier to backstab with, but it would be much harder to stun an armored enemy. Perfect for singling out enemies.

A warhammer would be much slower to swing, but could be swung around to hit every enemy around you and knock down the armored enemies. Perfect for crowd control.

And, aside from those two kinds of weapons, there are several more kinds you could use, as opposed to The Witcher 3's 1 kind of weapon, a sword, with only 3 attacks. Light attack, heavy (slower light attack), and whirly attack.

To say Dark Souls isn't an RPG and The Witcher 3 is, frankly, absurd. The Witcher 3 is a Schrödinger's RPG, maybe, but not a proper one.


Now do you see why I'm skeptical about people using "The Witcher 3 has bad combat because it focuses on roleplaying more than combat" when it clearly doesn't do anything well mechanically in *both* combat and roleplaying? 

Literally the only meaningful perk you could get in The Witcher 3 that you could roleplay with and use narratively is the Delusion perk. 3 points into that and you practically win the game.

No interesting roleplaying opportunities with one dialogue related skill as opposed to New Vegas's 13 skills.

The only things that The Witcher 3 has done exceptionally well are:

Traditional storytelling and writing. (Hearts of Stone had phenomenal writing with every sense of the word.)

Atmosphere. (The atmosphere is perfect.)

Graphics, visuals and artstyle. (Game looks really good even in today's standards. Artstyle makes it timeless.)

Environmental storytelling. (Puts Skyrim's environmental storytelling to shame, and Bethesda is known for being really good with this sort of thing.)

The soundtrack (I love the soundtrack, man.).


*But not roleplaying.* (I could find better roleplaying in Fallout 76.)

I really hope you understand what I was getting at, because I've heard way too many excuses for this game over the past 6 years.

The Witcher 3 is a really, really, *really* good game for what it does, but way too many people tend to feign ignorance and I *sincerly hope* hope you won't be one of those people.
            I agree with 99% of what you said and being railroaded into a choice geralt would make is really irritating in many aspects. But at the same time, the Witcher would still have more story based choices than most dark souls games. And I only mean the third Witcher. Witcher 2 basically splits into two entirely different story lines depending entirely on your choices.

I say when it comes to player choice, souls games have the Witcher beat without a doubt. But story wise the Witcher is the winner.

My original point was that there's no way dark souls is MORE of an rpg than the Witcher because they tackle very different aspects of the rpg genre.

Skyrim and dark souls are about player choice. Witcher and Mass effect are about story choice with very little combat variety.

JRPGs are something I'll never get because idk how pokemon or Final fantasy are RPGs in but that's just me.

I'd say the only rpg I've played that has just as much player choice as there is story based choices would be the Outer Worlds. I played it, loved it, felt like Fallout 4 combat with actual story consequences with Stat based role playing that affected combat and story. But people hated it so maybe idk what an rpg is.
    Don't forget Bloodborne.  That's when the already great controls took a transformative leap.  It really unlocked for many the most aggressive style of play, but it allowed them to make extremely aggressive and fluid bosses.  Elden Ring looks phenomenal, and the great thing is everyone knows it's going to be, at a minimum, mechanically polished and interestingly designed.  FromSoft doesn't make Cyberturds
I think there was a gameplay option that massively tightens Geralt's turning radius which makes the movement feel so much better, otherwise he felt so unresponsive... Got spoiled by games like Assassin's creed which had a huge animation library and made it look good to have the character swap directions on a dime in a sort of realistic manner.
    Pfft, well shit. Maybe I’ll go do that second play through now and make sure I figure out what that setting is. That was really the main drag for me.
        It's called "Alternative Movement" in the options menu. It's a big improvement and ~~should have become the default IMO.~~ apparently is the default now!
            I’ll have to look into it. Quit after 15 minutes because I kept flicking candles instead of opening a door or talking to an NPC.
                [deleted]
                    [https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749)

Only ignites if Igni sign is primed.
                        70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
                    Does candle flicking play an important role later in the game? Like to illuminate a message on a wall or something?
                        Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
                            Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
                        There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
                Try to use the "walk" function when in tight quarters with many candles/crates too. It works **really** well to reduce the accidental misuses.
                Man I'm playing it on Switch and I hate that so much.
                [There is even a in-game joke about it in the second DLC.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k26ejKx4uX8)
At what difficulty? 

Can’t imagine playing through it without using signs and (sometimes) monster oils.
    Or the silver sword! What??
    All the oils do is that you have to hit a mob three times instead of four. You can pretty much ignore them entirely. I suggest using a mod to make them actually something you'll want to use (e.g. [Very Interesting Oils](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/1958)).
        In almost any game a 33%+ damage buff for free would be considered great.
            How many games let you just infinitely dodge and parry then just slap shit to death with light attacks?
                To be fair, every fight scene in the books is described as Geralt pirouetting a bunch and then winning, so at least it's authentic.
                    Yep. Thats how Geralt fights so i don't get the complaints.
                Add in upgraded Quen and you're dancing your way through everything...
            Not every game approaches the +33% damage buff with the same tedium as TW3.
            Except it's not free, it does require time investment both to make sure you have the mats rather than selling them as well as creating and using the oils.

Considering it's usually a 3 hits rather than 5-6 scenario usually the extra hits require less investment.
        I just used a mod that applied them automatically.  Having to go into the inventory every time I wanted them got pretty tedious.
            Man, I was thinking that it would be cool if after starting to fight a monster, or at least killing the first one in a group, it would be able to figure out which oil to auto-apply...  
Then I went and googled the auto-oil mod, and turns out, that's exactly what it does at the start of combat! (scans the mobs nearby, and picks the most suitable oil)  


Whenever I get around to playing Witcher 3, I fear that I'll fall into my Skyrim routine (installing mods for a couple of days, and then dropping the game after a few hours of playtime)
        That’s no different from an armour that helps deflect one hit.

Or recoil reduction.

Game upgrades and abilities all do the same kind of stuff. Don’t want a mod that makes it do like 75% damage.
            Witcher 3 is still full of miniscule upgrades. I played Cyberpunk 2077 which is very similar to the Witcher 3 and I can compare that to Deus Ex Human Revolution(from 2011). 

In Deus Ex HR these are equal uses of 2 skill points: 
* Remove all recoil(while standing still)
* Remove inaccuracy from moving while firing by 50%
* Punch through (specific) walls and move heavy objects(vending machines)
* Immunity to gas grenades
* eliminate fall damage, with the option to stun enemies when landing
* actual X-ray vision
* Hacking level 2 out of 5

In Witcher and Cyberpunk skill options are full of +15% damage on fast attacks or +25% armor when blocking using heavy armor or each point gives your 10% resistance to negative effects of your own potions.

Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.
                Deus Ex Human Revolution is a totally different style of game though.

A true 10/10 as well.
                    It warms my heart to hear people describe DE:HR as 10/10. I make sure I have at least 1 annual playthrough.
                I mean that's the difference between Perks and Talents.

Talent systems are most of the time small increases like an mmo might have or something like path of exile, a perk system is like Skyrim.
                > 
> 
> 
> 
> Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.

It would be pretty shitty if each skill point gave you 75% increased damage/damage reduction and you got 50 points ... especially if the enemies don't scale like that.

Far more interesting to have it scale to a smaller degree. Most praised RPGs work the same way.

D&D, Mass Effect, WoW (back in the day), Ultima etc etc
                    Of course it's a different kind of game, but even for that kind of game it feels like your character is already competent in most things and has only to improve in. 

Old WoW is a good comparison to Witcher 3 on second look(take almost all skills that say "ability x"), but my current gripe is definitely with cyberpunk that has fantastic duds like "reduce falling damage by 5/10/20%", "don't get detected in water" or a number of like "3/6/9% damage increase with weapon type" when skills exist that increase headshot damage for all weapons by 50% for 1 skill point or 20/30% more headshot damage with weapon type.
                    WoW talent trees were massively overhauled and radically improved when they got away from that.
                        Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
            Quen is next tier op what you on?
        Bruh you must be playing on easy mode this is just a straight up lie
    Don’t remember to be honest but I usually play medium or hard. Whatever that’s called on the game I’m playing. I just hacked shit until it died for the most part. I did use them sometimes but more often than not it didn’t feel needed.
        They're only really needed on death march
            I can confirm they are not needed on Death March. The only thing that would make them needed is to carefully level so that you don't end up over leveling content. Which would mean skipping a good number of quests.
Oh yeah, the jank is real. It feels horrible, even with the alternative movement option, jumping looks ridiculous, everything is harder to do than it should be.

I still love it, but it’s just a very janky game in a mechanical sense. Horizon Zero Dawn on the other hand feels amazing to move around and yet is boring as all hell to me.

It really depends what aspect of a game you most connect to. For the Witcher, it’s the quests.
    I finished Horizon but was never enthralled by it like I am most RPGs. My favorite part of Witcher was finding all the secret armors and the whole Blood and Wine DLC. Love Vampire stuff and the more traditional knights armor and castles in the backdrop was awesome.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
Geralt's movement is admittedly bad. I often rely on Roach to get places because running around with him is painful.

>Combat was fun but eventually you don't really need to bother with the extra stuff.

Depends on the difficulty and if Death March is too easy you can always play W3EE mod.
Play it with the ~~DLC~~ mod that turns every fight into a Gwent battle.  


Edit: Sorry it's [mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/953/) not a DLC.
    I'd be so good at that. I dominate at gwent
        Play it. It is a free [mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/953/).
Don’t know if this will work for you, but for me playing it on a higher difficulty made the combat more enjoyable. It’s still not that great, but the higher difficulty made it better because I was incentivized to research the monsters and craft the proper oils and stuff so I could take them down quicker. That research and preparation phase made the combat lot more engaging for me
    [deleted]
        Yeah the combat mechanics themselves aren’t that great, but the whole research and prep loop is amazing for roleplaying as a Witcher, and it shortens combat time, so it’s just a win win
            >research and prep loop is amazing

The game

>open menu, scroll and hunt for the enemy type you're against, look at weakness, go to other menus, select said weakness

Wow I really feel like a witcher, prepping for a hard fight and relying on diligent research.
                I haven’t played the game in a while, but that’s not how I remember my experience at all. I remember having to find books and talk to townspeople to fill out the bestiary entry for the monster I was going to go up against and also gathering the ingredients to make the appropriate potions and oils before going hunting. I’m a role player so that was more than enough to get me engaged as a Witcher
    It wasn't until NewGame+ Death March that I tried my first decoction, because I never needed them before.  

Now I go into almost every fight with 2-3 decoctions, and 2-3 potions ingested, along with an appropriate oil, because pretty much every single monster 1-2 shots me.  
Also, thank god for Quen.
    This is exactly how I felt about Witcher the first time I played. I only went through normal and could largely treat it as hack-and-slash with a few spells thrown in. However, I could see how much depth you could utilize with all the side potions and spells to get the *real* witcher feeling.

Planning to do a Witcher 1-3 run through and higher difficulty so I have to go through the prep work and use the right potions, etc.
        I'll say, if the combat in 3 was a turn off, 1 and 2 are going to be really hard to get into.
    Same. Also not putting points into combat makes for more fun options; when your best option is "hitting the thing" that's all you'll do.
        The goddamn flamethrower ability and puppet abilities are just the best. I love using them.
    A lot of third person action games are like that. Jedi Fallen Order, for example, is absolutely boring on low difficulties because you don't need to invest into learning the mechanics. You can tank and heal through most fights while spamming attack buttons. The same thing happens in The Witcher 3. If your difficulty is too low for your skill level then you don't need to use most of your resources.
    Personally I felt like it didn't matter what difficulty you played on, as it was too easy regardless.
Play on easy and enjoy the story.
    Agreed. Witcher 3 combat is a joke at any difficulty. Invincibility frames while rolling is enough to make it faceroll easy, but plenty of other things in the game make it way too easy anyway.

Witcher 3's highlights are travelling around randomly, and a handful of amazing sidequests. Until you get to the dlc which is pretty great imo.
        played on normal, the final boss was literally me pressing r1 on repeat.  


I had trouble beating the other big bosses (no spoiler) and also had actual fun vs the ending boss of heart of stone.   


Rest of the game i never bothered to learn anything, i just spammed... it's the main reason i don't replay it. I love the game, but like rdr2 i just DREAD playing through it again   


I might do it on easy tho... maybe on a new pc, it's just so good.
[deleted]
    I was the opposite. The Witcher 3 got me to enjoy 3rd person action games enough that I moved on to Dark Souls.
    Nah, the combat is objectively clunky.
They try to make the potions and antogens nevessary to progress to a certain level it take a while to understand it all but i like the different kids of crafted armor and weapons i got to the expansion and left it alone since
    Oh, so you even need the potions and alchemy stuff? I couldn't get into that and hoped I could just ignore it.
        Barely used it myself so don’t stress too much about that
Are you me?
    Yes, this is our alt
        Oh good! I had forgotten what the username was!
I felt that about 1 (weird rhythm game, hated it) and 2 (trying to be dark souls, but annoyingly different, hated it).  3 is ... odd, but actually pretty fun compared to the first two games.
    Far too many games try to be Dark Souls.

But the Witcher 2, which came out about half a year before Dark Souls, can't really be one of them.
[deleted]
    There's a dodge button that makes combat more realistic.
I was like this with Skyrim, too much grinding and walking. Until I got it on the switch and then I could really enjoy it because I would watch tv while I played, now I’m at almost level 50 and before I could even stomach getting to level 5

Edit: patient gamers is weird as shit. One thread told me not to fast travel my first play through to explore and then I get shit on.
    The only walking in Skyrim is when you explore and that is why you play the game. For all other travels you can use quick travel. It is almost too convenient to travel, actually.
    Wait how is Skyrim grindy??  And you can get a horse in both games and both games have fast travel.
I commented in this thread already but I had just finished Ghosts of Tsushima when I figured I’d try this game and I could not handle the terrible combat. GoT is just so smooth and responsive and The Witcher just, isn’t. I may try again some time but I was incredibly disappointed.
    Absolutely. Same. And feel the same way about GoT
> I play video games to play them. If I was interested in really amazing story and characters, I would watch a movie or read a book

Couldn't disagree more. Diminishing games to gameplay alone instantly writes off entire genres of games, so many great games. Games can emphasize story over gameplay or whatever else they want and still be great and idk why you wouldn't that. By extension I have to assume you also don't like Red Dead Redemption 2?
Thank you ! …… I always say the same thing when people tell me “ but the story is soo good “ and I’m like i want good gameplay , If I wanted a good story I would watch a movie
The combat is clunky and the movement is awkward but the prostitute mechanics are pretty solid so 10/10
I went into Witcher from Dark Souls, and I agree. The combat in DS just feels much more smooth, and good in general. It isn't a bad gamez just not... As good as it could be.
If you choose to give it another go, I'd recommend watching a summary video or detailed recap of the Witcher 1, some basic info about the lore of the world, then playing the second game. I was in the same boat as you.

I had originally tried Witcher 1 back in the day and hated it for all of its confusing jank, really difficult timed combat and not understanding much of the world around me.

I then made the move to Witcher 3. I still didn't understand anything that was happening, or know any characters, or have a reason to particularly care. 

I then went back to the the second game (itself pretty good - less open and sidequesty than 3), liked it a lot and it really helped me get into the third game.

I imagine the Netflix series helps a bit with context for new players too.
    Witcher 2 was surprisingly good. The combat at the start nearly put me off - so hard!
        Yeah, the "tutorial" battle was hella difficult for some reason.

Reminds me of... was it Driver? or Driver San Francisco?

Basically it was a driving game, and one of the early tutorials was to do a slalom between columns, in a garage area I believe.

My brother and I were stuck FOREVER on that area of the game, not even sure if we ever actually beat it.

&#x200B;

On a side note, the very beginning of Witcher 2, the night time dock by the water was SOOO beautiful, the graphics felt unreal at the time of release.
            Ha, spent hours on "tutorial" of Driver. It's even worse if you are just a kid that never read any English :D Just trial and error
    That's a good tip, I also attempted the first one before and yeah, it ain't a classic. 

Enjoyed the show but had literally no idea what was going on there either (starting to sound like it's my stupid brain actually)
        The first season is based on the first two books which were collections of short stories. The second issue is those three storylines did not all happen at the same time. Yennefer was trained long before she ever met Geralt. She was born in 1173 and finished training in 1186. Jaskier/Dandelion was born in 1229. So that kinda can help you line things up. Jaskier and Geralt meet in 1248, the same year they meet Yennefer, only 5 years before ciri is born in 1253 The episode with the dragon is in 1253 as well. And from there the timeline of the show largely syncs up. The Slaughter of Cintra and the battle of Sodden Hill both happen in 1263.

I really hope that helps make sense of it. There's more stories and details but that's the short version
            I really don’t know why they didn’t post the time frame when it jumped back and forth. Like how hard would it be to post the years like you did. I knew it jumped around but had no idea it was that large of a gap
        The first season of the show was...not actually easy at all to understand with all the time skipping back and forth, actually, so maybe it isn't the best place to start. The second season was better!
            First season gets much better on rewatch, knowing the time differences going in.
        1 was very difficult to get into, ended up watching a youtube that cut the game like a movie. Played though 2 which I absolutely loved and then got into 3. One of the first times I was so emotionally invested in a story I had to take a break, ad that was one of the first side quests!
I hated Gwent. I play card games irl and thought I would love it before I started playing since I love the mini games RPGs usually but I found it had no depth. Do not understand why everyone goes nuts for it.
    I loved Gwent precisely because I have never played or enjoyed card games, I think. It's just so simple.
        It's like the card game "war". So little depth - my numbers are bigger than your numbers, I win.   

"Ah yes, but do you play your big numbers earlier or later"?  

"It doesn't matter. All my numbers are bigger".
            It's zugzwang, the game. With few exceptions (e.g. surgical scorches and the obligatory opening with a weird spy/dummy carousel) , ideal play is to not do anything the entire match then spam your weathers, horns, hand holding units, ruler powers, etc after your opponent has burned all of theirs. The game forces you to play a card so you play "starving conscript" to stall
    [deleted]
        “Aren’t you the Witcher who butchered all those people and who we are conditioned to hate?”
“Yes.”
“Oh, well, I’m the best Gwent player around, fancy a game?”
            [deleted]
                I suppose that's true - the game has some different takes on the characters compared to the book(s).
            Some guy: "Screw you, get the hell out of my establishment"

Geralt: "How about a round of Gwent"

Some guy: *nods head in agreement*

I just love some of the people you can choose to play Gwent with.
        I love it, the feeling of winning Gwent is really nice. The random decks NPCs will have makes each a different type of challenge, forcing you to figure out a way to beat their lineup. It’s not a complex game in terms of goal (get your  numbers up as high as you can) but it was nice to figure out which cards should be used when and where.
    And then on the other side you have people who don't play Gwent because "card games are too complicated". Yes, I've seen them. lol.

Gwent in W3 is really basic but at least it's still more engaging than all those Dice Poker, Pazaak, Caravan etc. attempts before. I never played those if I could avoid it.
        Oh *god* Dice Poker was atrocious
        Caravan is not intuitive to learn but it's a much better game than Gwent, imo.
            I'm not a fan of pure card games, I prefer my games to have a theme, even if superficial. Maybe I would've liked Caravan more if they made an effort and themed it like Gwent. I mean, it already has the building-a-caravan theme, it wouldn't be too hard to paint the cards as raiders, brahmin, traders and whatnot without changing the mechanics. It'd probably help with the learning, too - it's easier to remember that e.g. a Bandit removes cards rather than Jack, and illustrations are easier to recognize than classic card faces.
        Oh FUCK caravan.
    I agree, shallow and pedantic
        I thought it was perfectly cromulent.
            Insubordinate and churlish
                Tim-o-thee?
                    Hey guys, I gotta go. I'm late for chess club.
                        You look like you need a chest club.
        It *insists* upon itself.
        Perhaps...
        [deleted]
    You should try the actual spin off game Gwent. They expanded on the minigame a lot and it’s super fleshed out.

Also the cards all have a variant that moves which is cool.
        I miss the beta of this game. The new one is much worse imho. The beta they released had a nice balance, I played it a LOT.
    Yes, thank you! It's just a basic numbers game. The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between rounds. I love me some gambling/minigames, but I just couldn't get into Gwent, even though it's a legit quest line in W3.
        >The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between round

Guess you got basically nowhere with the deckbuilding? There's a lot you can do with weather, decoys, spies, buffs, medics etc.

One of the more fun tricks is to disable your own units with weather, play a strong combo like those two siege engines, and clear the weather at the last moment. For bonus points you can scorch the opponent's combo before clearing the weather.

Although eventually the meta kind of does settle into "whoever has more spies wins", especially if you play against Nilfgaard. And also, the AI is rather easy to trick, but that's AI for you...
            Whoever thought spies were a good idea needs to be shot. It's card game 101 that you don't have cards that cycle themselves for 0 cost and give an advantage on top of that.
                I think it's just the 0 cost unmovable hero that is OP, the other spies are giving the opponent something and they can return them via decoy, too. But the Golden 0 spy is less of a card and more of an instant tempo advantage cheat. No counterplay at all.
                    You're mad. All the spies are insanely broken. Sure you give them 5 points or so, but you get to draw 2 cards that will generate 10+ points each.
    I didn't play gwent the first time but have been playing on my second run.

It's a fun little minigame but I agree that is shallow; some players you simply can't beat because they have better cards. There is some strategy to it but it's frustrating when you play against someone and they can just thrash you with a stronger deck
I think that in terms of card games that are present in video games, it's probably one of the best, due to the fact it's very simple to understand and the rules are consistent with only minor wrinkles. (It's not Triple Triad, is what I'm getting at.)  


However, it's SO disconnected from the tone of the rest of the game, and non-card rewards from playing are so minimal that I never felt like engaging with it. It felt very much like a way to pad out the game and/or player engagement with it.  


Hunting monsters absolutely makes sense as a side activity. I completely understand Geralt being like "Hey, there's monsters around and they're terrorizing these people. Time to get paid," because that's literally what his job is. So it's not weird to me for him to stop looking for Ciri (or Yen, or whoever) to do something like that. Same thing for finding places of power or treasure.   


But to literally spend in-game days or weeks playing cards? Nah.
    >But to literally spend in-game days or weeks playing cards? Nah.

Thematically, you gotta spend those evenings in the tavern somehow :-)

That's one aspect of being a fantasy adventurer that games don't and can't do well. Travelling takes weeks and you gotta eat and sleep every day, ideally under a roof.
        I really enjoy Skyrim modded to be that, but I accept that I'm weird and most people don't want that. With the right stuff it's like The Long Dark with monsters and quests.

Also, do Witchers sleep? I thought that was one of their mutations, that they don't necessarily need to or at least don't need nearly as much as the rest of us.
            Afaik Geralt sleeps normally. I'd assume he maybe can stay awake longer than normal humans, but not by that much. Biologically he is still mostly human, just somewhat beyond peak human.

I don't enjoy it in games due to the world size and time scaling. If you need to sleep every ingme day, it's too often and becomes a boring routine. If you need to sleep too little, it barely has an effect on gameplays and you feel superhuman. It's hard to get the balance right.

But camping in Skyrim, ideally with the mods that add severe weather effects etc., that's occasionally fun. I once froze to death desperately trying to chop firewood, and that was a fun experience.
    > However, it's SO disconnected from the tone of the rest of the game, and non-card rewards from playing are so minimal that I never felt like engaging with it. It felt very much like a way to pad out the game and/or player engagement with it. 

As a mini-game, it seemed so tacked on and didn't make sense in the context of the rest of the game to me. Once the stand-alone game came out, it made a lot more sense as to why they did it.
> Everybody seems to think it's one of the best parts of the game

It's an exaggeration. It's addictive once you get into it, but obviously not the main focus of the Witcher 3 game.
[deleted]
    I never had to google Gwent, I thought it was fairly intuitive. You can get a little unlucky and just run into a super hard Gwent fight really early when your deck is crap, but I don't think it's insanely difficult to understand to the point that you'd have to look up tutorials.
        I don’t get that comment. I never searched a single guide on gwent. You just find cards and get better over the course of the game. Pretty simple. Some of the Ps1 era final fantasy card games were more complex.
            Oh man I loved Triple Triad. But Gwent never stuck with me. Felt it was too R/P/S and super simple to the point of being boring.
                I can still hear the music for Triple Triad. Good times.
                I enjoyed gwent. Not gonna lie. But it was most definitely super basic. Loved triple triad as well.
            Triple FUCKING Triad and its associated bullshit literally made me hate FF 8.
        [deleted]
            Card games *really* aren't my thing either, which just made me love Gwent more because it was like *finally* a card game I can follow and actually enjoy!

I'm not saying I knew how to play immediately, got my ass handed to me a good few times before I'd nailed down an actual winnable strategy, but holding stronger cards back strategically only to have them play perfectly into your plan in the final round is so satisfying.
I love playing gwent. The only feeling better than beating the computer who is using better cards than yours is when you get those same cards yourself.
There's a mod that turns all battles into Gwent games so you can progress the game that way!
Plus, Since there is random stuff all over, it leaves nothing to encounter after if you want to just explore the world.
Very true. The world felt small in White Orchard, but after Velen suddenly the world felt massive. Then I learned there is Skellige? That could have been a separate expansion area in any other RPG or MMOs, but it is part of the base game. Then Blood and Wine? Easily could have been a separate game but its an expansion.
Top notch swords ?
When I got to Velen, I thought the game was good. When I got to Novigrad, I felt like this is one of the games of all time. By the time the Credits rolled, it became an unmovable top 10 game for me.
Tbh I found the first half or so of Velen to be very meh as well. For me, the game didn't start picking up until you start learning more about the Red Baron's back story and his family.
    Yeah, Red Baron’s quest line is where it really kicked off for me.  Then it was epic for the rest of the game
        Screw that questline. Had my ass/donkey with me in the room straightup ugly cry.  What also compacted it was frustration from the spooky bois attacking.  Love the series and books but that was awful. @.@
    I'd add Novigrad into the meh category as well. Like holy shit there was a ton of fetch quests. Did I really need to track down 5 of Dandelions lovers all for them to not give me any info at all? Stuff like that.
    Yah, once I got to crow perch is when I knew I was hooked.
    Red Baron's thread is probably my favorite in the whole game.
I admit I got through a few quests in Velen before I really understood the scope of it. For a while I was just like op. The Bloody Baron story is probably the proper kickoff for the game.

I think it was intentional. That’s right around when you’re getting comfortable with the mechanics (Inventory, resting, signs, gwent, little towns vs bigger ones, etc) but the game feels muddled. The Bloody Baron quest is there to say that no, you’re not missing anything, the world is muddled and we’re fully aware of it, and that there’s a lot of fun to be had when you can’t pin down a game in the first several hours. Like, ‘we can hide things around every corner, because you never really have your bearings.’

Or maybe that was just an accident. People definitely talk a lot about that questline though, it struck a nerve and personally I think it was planned.
Until a fair chunk after really. First time I slogged through it I petered out around the Novigrad quests.
Every time I see this shit said abiut a game, it just does the opposite of what you all intend. If your game doesn't get good until you leave the area thats designed to hook new players into it, you've made a mistake somewhere along the way. Especially when fans of the game say this themselves. New players shouldn't be wanting to quit while still in the part of the game meant to draw them in. That's a bad first impression.
    it get's "better". It's like Dragon Age Inquisition's Hinterlands. Or playing Vermintide 2 and being gate kept by difficulties that contain the real fun. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a slow burn at the beginning until it opens up (though it's just paced like that). There are tons of games, especially long ones that take a second to kickstart and yeah, it's a flaw generally but if the rest of the experience makes up for it then it's still worth it. It's basically the inverse of games like Elden Ring for me, where it starts up amazing and then ends sort of meh though obviously it's all subjective. 

It took me about 3 playthroughs for Skyrim and the Witcher 3 to finally get past the opening parts and get to the better content, but I quit mostly because I knew they were going to be big undertakings and not cause I expected all the player acclaimed greatness to be upfront
    Fairly sure the Witcher 3 is pretty well received and did things quite right.
For me, the game never picked up and actually got worse and worse over time.  I think it was when you fought the Wild Hunt at Kaer Morhen where it dropped down to one of the worst games I'd ever played.  That is easily the worst quest I've ever seen in a  game and the biggest example of ludonarrative dissonance where they paint the Wild Hunt as being tough foes you have to plan around but were so laughably, pathetically weak outside of cutscenes that it was funny.
Maybe this is the issue I have always had with the game.  The first time I played, I got a little bit past White Orchard.  The other 4 times I have tried to play the game, I kill the Griffon and just feel bored with the game so I quit.
That is a very good comparison IMO, because RDR2 also has some of the same critical points or weaknesses as the witcher. You really have to accept some strange and clunky gameplay to get into it.   


For me, RDR2 is still good enough to pull me in, witcher is not. But I still have to say, that I need the right mood for RDR2, I need some energy to get into the gameplay. A friend told me to use a controller instead of mouse + keyboard, which makes it a bit better, but it's so complicated, that after a month break I just don't know how to play the game anymore and I give up, because of the strange save system. I just need to re-learn mechanics and then reload, but the game doesn't allow that....
    Another thing both games have in common: they’re at their best when you’re just traveling around *edit: and engaging with content as it comes by*.

Kill the hud and any on-screen info, mount your horse and explore, forget the main story.

Absolutely immersive, great encounters and side quests, no collectible shit, fantastic experience. True “open worlds” in my mind.
        Do you play games to put you to sleep? I hate this no HUD trend. I want info, and I want content, not wandering on a horse
            I had no idea this was a trend now, it’s just immersive.

And why would you avoid info and content? You’re playing as a real witcher, arriving in a village, learning of a monster, finding ways/potions to kill it. Or as a real outlaw. Just without the dissonance of the main quest urging you on.

As for not liking the travel part, the better part of the games market is games that allow you to score/kill/jump/collect without riding a horse or travelling and immersing you in a world. I’m not too excited by those anymore. Maybe there’s a place for both things.
            Cool then keep it enabled, no one's forcing you to turn it off...lol
        So the games are so good that you can have fun just doing nothing but traveling around? But only if you define "just traveling around" as "actually playing the game and not just wandering".

Also no, they aren't. From someone's who's 100% completed both, multiple times. The games are exceptionally boring to just travel around. Red dead is prettier to do that with by far, so there's that, but to actually just walk/ride around and nothing else? That's the cure for insomnia.
            Disagreed. Love wandering around
    Man...I wish you could finish it. The game is so emotionally impactful and the characters just feel so real. I don't know, I think it would be worth it for you just to complete the story, you don't have to 100% it. I get it though.
        I still plan it! I just have to ignore the fact, that relearning it will have some bad consequences in the game, that I can't really avoid. Maybe I'll just veeeery cautiously try to get into it again by hunting or something like that, to just relearn the mechanics. Maybe somewhere at the edge of the map, where it doesn't have too much impact.
            Did you ever end up finishing it?(thoughts?)



Edit: no idea why my flair is that game out of everything lol
                Still want to, especially after finding out it runs great on my steamdeck. But first I have to finish Elden Ring, which my friends made me finally start too...
    [deleted]
        I thought it also changed other facts than only the exact location, I think some reactions of people and especially bounties were not reset by loading the old save. Also, if the location differs, it's not a true manual save, is it? So yeah, I at least didn't fully understand the manual save system. If it would fully reset the game to an earlier state, I should be fine to get back into the game.
    When I started witcher 3, I was really hyped because it had the same characteristics as my favorite game of all time,Rdr2.

But the more I played it, the more I realized that they're COMPLETELY different. They have some similarities at face value but when you look deeper they really don't.

1- Open world: Yes, both have big open worlds, but red dead's world is much more interactive and discreet than the witcher's, examples: 1-rdr2 has very few side quests but all of them are great, the witcher has a ton of side quests, some great some average. 2-rdr2 has a lot of easily missable random encounters that have no cutscenes and come out of nowhere, in the witcher 3, these types of encounters always include rpg style cutscenes. 3-You can kill, rob, greet npc's in red dead and all of them have schedules and different personalities. Witcher's npc's are like wooden posts that repeat the same lines over and over. 4- While riding your horse in red dead, it is mostly quiet with little cowboy jingles and melodies that play every now and then without you even noticing and make exploring the world a more immersive experience. The music in witcher 3 is on full blast all the time.

2-Clunky movement: Geralt feels weightless and him and roach get stuck on everything. Arthur feels heavy, him and his horse collides with and crashes into everything.

3-Good story: The story in red dead is told with beautiful cinematic cutscenes and requires no lore to understand, you can't change its outcome, it's like a movie. The witcher 3's story requires a lot of lore to truly appreciate and strives on being a videogame story changeable with choices the player makes, it has cinematic cutscenes but they're few and far between, the story is mostly told through rpg 1 on 1 cutscenes which are a pet peeve of mine.

4-Mediocre gameplay: The witcher's 3's gameplay is a lot deeper than red dead's, but the thing is it sucks! With red dead, I was able to simply go: "just shoot people in the head lol", but the witcher has crafting, enchantments, mutations, skills.... Which imo ended up being the most boring part of the game, but it kinda ruined it for me because I couldn't ignore it at all, I tried playing around with them and it was boring as shit.

That's all I remember but I think I got my point accross, they're night and day different, for me at least.
        Very good explanation! That makes sense and solidly explains, why I got into one and not the other.
This is why finding reviewers that like the same things you do is important.  The general consensus doesn't matter as much.  

Some people find RDR2 and the Witcher 3 immersive, other find them to be extended horse simulators.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
        ... And you seldom buy stuff in that game anyways. Felt like I pretty much just spent my money on clothes or customizing my gun, lol.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
    Lol, after RDR2 every other games random ‘run over something to pick it up’ feels really naff now and totally takes me out of the experience. I remember going into a shop and being able to pick everything up and manipulate it in your hand and thinking - this is the new bar right here. Always amazes me to see complaints from people about how the game is too interactive/realistic/immersive.
All I'm seeing in this thread, and sub in general, is the same shit I've seen across every gaming sub. A bunch of people who think you cannot have any substantial criticism of a game while still liking it. It's just a circle jerk one way or another.

Rdr2 is one of my favorite games ever. The gun play is fucking boring. Role playing is damn near non existent, and what little bit of it you can engage in is half assed and pointless(camp system/donations, honor system etc). The game can't figure out if it's an open world "see that mountain? You can climb it" sandbox or a rough and tumble, Dirty cowpoke Sim or a spaghetti western movie and the game feels spread too thin in a lot of spots. 

I could go on, but thay doesn't mean I don't enjoy the game. Yet all I see anywhere I go is people seemingly under the belief that if you criticize something in anyway, you cannot really be a fan. And if you're a fan, you can't possibly have anything more than very minor nitpicks.
Yeah I heard so many complaints at launch that I ignored it for a year. When I finally tried it the game replaced Witcher 3 as my favorite story focused game.
Yeah I found RDR2 to be midnumbingly boring, but most people find it to be phenomenal. I love Talos principle, most people find it boring. Different strokes, and that's OK,
    I have mixed feelings on RDR2. As an open world sim, the pure sandbox experience it offers is unmatched. But the campaign is not interesting to play through at all. While the narrative is great, the story missions are tedious and repetitive.
You're 100% right, even as a huge fan I can't help rolling my eyes at the circlejerk.These days it seems like every popular game gets the same treatment. Nobody seems to realize that games are hit or miss by nature. People like different things. What you end up with is people such as yourself who feel misled, overwhelmingly disappointed, and annoyed because fans can't go 3 seconds without saying the game is perfect or else they'll self-destruct. 

Like all games, TW3 does certain things well but falls short in other areas. If someone likes it or not is entirely dependent on what they enjoy in video games. I wouldn't even recommend it to most of my friends because I know it would bore the shit out of them, and there's nothing wrong with that.
Thank you! I think that's a really good take and it helps me to just accept, that I don't like it and I won't pressure myself to go through it.
I tend to agree with you. The choice / consequence elements are implemented very well imo but the skills & progression system is totally lackluster and could have been left out entirely. The looting & gearing is also trash and really only serves as a weak system to support the witcher armor set crafting.
    I HATE the Diablo-style loot system in everything that isn't a straight dungeon crawler.
    The problem with the loot is that all of it sucks compared to the Witcher sets. When a king gifts you his ancestral sword and it's worse than the last 2 swords you've crafted it feels pretty disappointing.
        However the witcher sets will all be out levelled. Because loot progresses with your level where as the witcher sets don't.

I've spent and entire evening killing cows to craft the grandmaster feline set, and then bam,  random sword that drops was better stats.

I was over levelled because I spend a lot of time on the side quests.
            witcher really isn't designed to be played like that but it encourages you to go out and explore. it's a weird mismatch.   

also fyi the witcher sets have cumulative power effects and are cumulatively better than stuff even 5 levels above them. or just download a mod that auto levels the witcher set to your level which is what i did
Why the fuck is Geralt of Rivia, a dude who's been canonically fucking up monsters for longer then you've probably been alive, leveling up and unlocking basic abilities again?
> Personally I think TW3 is a great game that is actively bogged down by its RPG elements, and would have been better off as an action-adventure game. Which is why its odd to me that a lot of people call it one of the best RPGs of all time. Are the best RPGs the best at being RPGs, or just the best games that happen to be RPGs?

You're talking about gameplay RPG elements? Because people usually praise the story RPG elements (choices and consequences of your actions).
“The story” kind of undersells it. I think it’s the tone. I’ve played a lot of games with practically the same mechanics but Witcher has a tone that gives a lot of smaller touches a weight they wouldn’t have in similar games. It’s “grim” but in a way that doesn’t dwell on it. Like everyone wants to move past awful things to the point that they don’t even mention them. Kind of like the real world to an extent, so it feels relatable.

Now obviously to get this tone they have a great story as the backbone and the voice acting, conversational scenes, world, graphics, music, gwent, etc so you can pick them apart individually and appreciate them, but they all serve the awesome tone this game has.
    The tone of the game is why it's one of my favorite all-time games. I can't really describe it but man the tone of that game just feels almost magical. Talking to an NPC when it's raining and there's just this sense of dread and despair through the main game that I've never encountered in any other. It's just absolutely fantastic.
        I’d call it “Earthy.” I’ve never played a game that felt earthy before.
            Gothic 1&2 do earthy so much better.
    Very well said. I played W3 years ago, and just picked up the much-maligned Cyberpunk this week. It's no W3, but I'm honestly loving it so far, largely due to the skill of CDPR in establishing a relatable, real-feeling tone and setting. 

There are plenty of throwaway side quests I don't care about, but then there are also many where I find myself legit caring about the characters, getting wrapped up in their stories and choked up at the emotional bits. That's very rare for me in games.

These games are ultimately Eurojank, and a staple of that sub-genre is an emphasis on pulling you into a game world via world-building and characters, rather than perfectly polished combat and lack of bugs. They have a very different, narratively-driven approach to immersion.
        When you described Eurojank I immediately thought of the Chernobyl games.

I watched a lot of reviews when Cyberpunk came out hoping someone would mention the tone or “feel” of the game world besides it falling apart every ten seconds. I’m not sure the gaming media has picked up on why it was so important for Witcher. But I’m glad you at least said it’s right and I’ll have that to look forward to in ten years when the game is fixed.
    They knew what they were doing with setting the tone, It's this "tone" you are talking about that makes me appreciate the Witcher 3 more than other average RPGS or action-adventure games. The weather team and those behind the art directions did an incredible job, all that complimentet by an amazing soundtrack. You could tell they knew what they were doing by having Gerald murmuring randomly "Wind's howling". It feels very intentional and it sticked with many of the players. 

I can't even say it's one of my top 5 games and I agree with most criticism, I am not even sure I liked the overall plot although I loved the relationships between these characters, especially Geralt and Ciri, but nevertheless the game feels special because of that reason.
[deleted]
    The problem with the story is the problem I have with a lot of open world RPG's.  What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.  It's not bad it's just not as satisfying.  Which is obviously a subjective thing.

In TW2 for example, you progress through a story.  Depending on your choices, it influences the second chapter.  Depending on your choices there, it influences the third chapter.  The story builds and grows.

In TW3 the story keeps resetting.  You kill or 'save' the Baron.  Then it resets and you decide to kill or support Stali...Radovid.  Then it resets and you decide to side with Cerys or her brother.  Then it resets and...

Nothing builds.  The story keeps resetting and nothing has any impact on anything else until you get to the end game.  And all that changes in the end game really is what NPC's show up to not do anything useful and what slides you get in the post game.

Or put another way, TW3 is basically 4 short stories with an epilogue that ties everything together in the end with cameo's.  TW1 and 2 are novels.
        This is a good analysis of the story. A similar example of this is the Mass Effect trilogy because all of the subplots wind up being mostly inconsequential to the ending, although the trilogy does have a more cohesive plot than TW3.

I disagree a little bit about "nothing building," because there are plot threads that build up to finding Ciri and it does a decent job of that. Ignoring the final act, this is really the main objective of the game, and even though the individual acts are all pretty standalone they do tie into the search for Ciri in a way that is satisfying to me.

But you're spot on in the sense that it's more like an episodic game with a whole bunch of side stories and then a pretty much unrelated overarching plot in the form of the Wild Hunt, which is unfortunately the weakest and most under-developed story in the game.
        To be fair that's mostly what the book series is like- Geralt and his friends going on adventures around the globe as they search for Ciri, more or less.
        > What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.

That was my biggest gripe, too. It'd be less of a problem if the world and the marketing hadn't promised interactivity that would never be delivered. Instead, it's just a slightly better Ubisoft game.

So many missed opportunities, though. Some minor tweaking would have allowed for a much more dynamic main storyline, and it's so irritating that they sacrificed that interactivity to railroad players through one specific outcome. It's basically a JRPG in disguise.
[deleted]
    > It is like, for example, when I played Fallout New Vegas and realized that most of the villages had plantations around them, something that does not exist in most TES games or in Fallout 3. I always wondered, "but what do these people eat or where does the food come from", and then you look and think, "oh this is where it comes from". The world of Witcher 3 answers several of these seemingly unnecessary questions, which makes it an extremely enjoyable experience to me.

There are a fair few times when they fucked that up as well, though. For instance, clear out a monster nest and the villagers instantly repopulate the area, as if they were hiding in a nearby tree while you were dropping bombs into a pile of leaves. It'd be so much more immersive if you had nothing happen, but found that they'd moved back in after a few in-game days had passed and you trotted through the area again.
        [deleted]
            > maybe they were afraid that many players would not come back through that village and would not realize what happened. I bet that's why they decided to do it in such a forced way.

And what's weird about _that_ is that the way the described it pre-release sounded like they were doubling down on the more long-term way of doing it. In reality, I think they just didn't have time to do the more complex version and so went with that simpler, identical cut-scene every time.

>Still, when I compare it to what I saw at the time in most other open world games, Witcher 3 still managed to set up a much nicer illusion of a "real" world. But ultimately it is always an illusion, and if you look closely you will always find the cracks. For me, Witcher 3 was the game (at least until that point in time) that best hid most of them.

That's fair. It's the best of a group of games that have aged very poorly since Breath of the Wild released. 

As for NPCs, the only ones that I think actually work in these games are those in Bethesda's titles. For all their flaws - and, dear lord, do they have a terrifying list of flaws - the ability to have a named NPC with a distinct backstory and personality (kind of) traipse across Skyrim with you and then _find their own way home_ when you part ways is basically untouchable in modern gaming. They don't have the depth or detail that later games - including Witcher 3 - allowed for, but they interact with the world in the same way as the player does, and that makes such a big difference.
I don't really think it's crucial to play the others because TW3 is pretty self-contained, but they definitely add a lot to the experience in terms of having some background and being invested in the characters & setting. The first one is notoriously hard to get through but I do enjoy it for what it is. I think TW2 is a pretty solid game but it's definitely a little clunky. Overall if you're the kind of person who is unfazed by janky games they're worth playing, but if you aren't then I'd skip them.
Here is my suggestion:  
  
Start Witcher 3, do the quests in the first "tutorial zone" (this can be several hours there is a fair amount to do there).  
  
Then you are taken somewhere and gameplot discusses a bit about events earlier in the series. At this point save your game and go to r/gamesthemovie and watch the "movie" version of Witcher1 and 2  
  
Then go back to your W3 save and you can answer person's questions about stuff.  
  
If you watch the movie version of W1&2 before even starting W3 then many of the names and places might go in one ear and out the other. but if you get a taste for W3 and its world and then watch the W1&2 movies I think it works best
I played 3 without playing the other two. I think I just watched a YouTube summary of the first two games. 3 starts off with like a story graphic to try get you all caught up.
I started with 3, was a little lost, but like eventually it all clicked. The first area you're in is kind of a slog but once you're out of there everything starts to pick up and eventually I wasn't lost on the story anymore. 

If you don't mind reading or listening to audio books you could catch up on some of Geralt's background with the books/audiobooks that inspired the games.
Nah, you don't need to play those games. The story introduces the characters really well and you can always read their bios.
I got it on a huge steam sale without having played the previous games. I completely went against my principle io always seeing storues from the start for basically the only time in my life but I understood the story quite well. The one part I did struggle with was picking some choices at the beginning that were impactful choices in the previous games, and I of course had no fucking clue what any of them meant but I just picked what sounded best from the zero context I had and while I did end up being called a butcherer once or twice well y'know, shit happens.
Everyone you meet has a write up in your journal that you can read from the menu. It's more than enough to catch up with the story. I didn't know anything about The Witcher going in and still enjoyed it a lot.
I've played the game to completion like three or four times and I don't even know what's meant by "monster mobs" or drops. 

I never went out of my way to ever go for loot because you're naturally stumble along some good stuff out of nowhere in obvious places.
I haven't a fucking clue what they are on about regarding grinding in the witcher, it's literally not even a thing.
I'm the complete opposite, I don't recall any part of the game tedious in the slightest - not on rails, no grinding, just doing whatever and coming across random quests and monsters.

What did you find tedious ?
    Combat boils down to orbiting enemies, hitting them with a sword, occasionally using a power to get a mild advantage. It got old very fast.

Also, traversing the world became a chore.

And finally, the rewards. How oh how I got sick of swapping for a new sword every six minutes to gain 3% advantage.
        Sounds like you just don't like the game at all 

The last point is not even valid, anything less than death march and you rarely need to even change your sword.

On my recent play through I think I'm 10 hours in and have changed my sword once, only because it was part of a set.
All you need to invest your points in is light attack. You own every fight
    Yeah even on Death March once you have that spin to win move it's so stupidly easy.
    I loved turning Geralt into a bladed dreidel and spin attacking mooks into mince meat
[deleted]
    That’s a great way to describe it. I didn’t read any of the books. But I usually crank up difficulty on games anyways for funsy because it makes you use the in game systems more. I really got sucked in though and went full Witcher mode. I knew all the enemy types in the end and was using the proper spells and oiling up swords without even thinking about it. The story was just the icing on the cake for me. Great game.
        In short you either play as the unstoppable geralt of rivia, superhuman Witcher and monster slayer extraordinaire, or on death March, you have to *be* him to succeed
    >  really get into the Witcher mindset. the preparation, the precise tactics and strategy, the weaknesses of the monster you're fighting, etc.

Yea, that's absolutely how it should be played. Alchemist/Swordfighting witcher with very minimal use of magic. I guess many people want to just go in and slash things. Maybe that takes away too much of the atmosphere.
        Yea, effective sign use is important tho
I agree, particularly on a second run through having the difficulty on max forces you to fight well or die, and you definitely won't get away with taking on monsters >5 levels above you. Additionally restoring vitality becomes more difficult so it's ads to the survival aspect
[deleted]
    Between the mutations and having to decide whether to increase physical damage, commit to potions and concoctions, or go full magic I felt it was pretty diverse. Some of the battles with dragons and griffins were extremely hard. Don’t get me started on the asshole high level wraiths.
I dunno man, I kinda think it reflects really negatively on a game if you can describe a handful of QOL mods as "must have".
    Skyrim and the Unofficial Patch?
        Are you asking me if I think it reflects negatively on a game that was released I don't even know how many times without fixing some stuff that fans fixed years ago in their spare time?

If you're asking that, then yes I think it reflects negatively on Skyrim.
            Good. You're at least consistent. 👍
Also, iirc, some of the absolute most expensive. I remember spending an eye watering amount on the Master wolf school armor.
Mods can fix all three problems lol. Make enemies more innovative in their attack patterns, add additional combat options and combos for Geralt, and make it worthwhile to fight monsters that you don't really need to.

You can even have a cape while doing it. God I love mods.
The last time I played the game I intentionally avoided all side content to do a narratively canonical run (due to the high stakes) of just playing the main storyline and not once was I forced to halt my progression. 

At the absolute worst I think I ended up being only 5 levels below the recommended by the end of the 40+ hour story and it wasn't enough to cause a problem.
    I’m about halfway through the game for the first time and I really appreciate how you can be properly leveled by just doing the main story. IMO a huge issue with some worse, similar games like Assassin’s Creed Origins is that the side content is required to keep up level wise and a lot of it sucks. Maybe some of Witcher 3’s side content is boring too, but I don’t know because I only have to do what I want.
Controls is the number 1 complaint of everyone one, even from people who love the game. This is however the first time I hear somebody complain about it being grindy...
This is almost too accurate. It’s exactly what I thought when reading the post.
"The writing being good just makes it even better but I would argue that it recieved praise for isolated brilliant moments rather than as a "full narrative". At least I don't see much praise for the plot and more so for the story."

This was my main take away from it - its got moments of greatness here and there but I wouldn't describe the actual plots as anything that blows me away. The main villians are rather lackluster which is made even worse by the Crones being intruiging villians who promptly vanish and then pop back up to be dealt with by a side track.

The Radovid storyline for me was especially lackluster and sort of dropped the ball at the end from a writing persepective.
> But it's definitely worth hanging around

oof
Just to say that the inventory menu uses the touch screen on the Switch which is fairly useful. In case you didn't realise.
    I play on my TV, but thanks.
Please leave white orchard before you form any real opinions lmaoo
    Why can they not form a real opinion after playing for 4-5 hours?
        They can have an opinion but they've only played the tutorial area of an 100 hour game. White Orchard is quite basic if I remember correctly and not really representative of the entire game.
        it's like critiquing a JRPG after 10-20 hours of gameplay. the game will have only introduced basic mechanics to you and maybe one set piece boss. there is no way to gauge what the game will eventually turn out to be since the good stuff is paced to be around 40 hours in and the emotional payoff will be 70-80 hours in   

that's one thing i enjoyed about witcher 3, all the good content wasn't front loaded in the first 5 hours along with the tutorial. any review that stops at 5 hours without even leaving white orchard is like someone critiquing a movie after they've seen the opening credits and the cast walking into frame.
From what I've seen, it would be more accurate to say that those who praise the game have different priorities than those who don't like it.

Witcher 3 is praised for the writing, characters and story, but those are secondary to someone who likes to focus on, for instance, class building or freedom of play style.
I love RPG, play PnP offline, but couldn't get into this one. The beginning of the game didn't raise enough interest to overlook the gameplay issue, I tried three times, got 20h in the game, it just doesn't click.

But it's fine. Not every game is for everyone.
    The story and characters were great but the gameplay just seemed like alot of running from one npc to the next and the combat was kind of underwhelming compared to other games.
    Out of curiosity. What RPG had better gameplay?
        I got, that this was debated a lot, also here in this thread, but for me, subjectively, all of the Bethesda RPGs have better gameplay, if you're talking about that style of modern open world RPG. Maybe I'm used to it since being addicted to Morrowind.

But when talking about RPGs in general: All of the old isometric ones, like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment and the king of current RPG: Disco Elysium. The Dungeon Master style RPGs with the Grimrock 1& 2 renaissance also felt a lot more RPGish to me and I got along better with their gameplay.

&#x200B;

edit and PS: For me RPG means reading and getting into the world, doing everything at my pace. The isometric RPGs and the dungeon master style ones are a lot slower and allow for that style of playing. The elder scrolls games are in a totally different style, but they are SO free in what you do, that I could find my own pace. The witcher is more of an actiongame, but it still forces you to a certain amount of speed and to follow the story more closely than the elder scrolls allow, so for me, it works a lot differently - when talking about the RPG perspective.
            Fair. But I honestly can’t see how Skyrim gameplay is better then the Witcher. 

I would put them on par. 

They both have magic you throw out. 

You have basic sword animations. 

One if first and the other isn’t
                What the other guy says: skyrim supports far more combat styles, especially stealth, summoning minions and archery, which are my usual ways of fighting, and witcher offers none of them. Also magic is far less than I imagined and which most RPGs also offer more. 

The style fits to the world and the atmosphere, it connects pretty well, but there are far less ways to fight in the witcher than in skyrim for example. Also it feels more clunky, but that might be a personal thing, because again, I played every Bethesda RPG out there, so I'm just really used to it. The inventory in skyrim is ridiculous due to the console compatibility, just to mention one example, but it didn't turn me off enough that the game didn't work for me. 


And wow, witcher fans are raging.... Because I'm listing RPGs in a thread about RPGs?
                Skyrim combat is just way more fun and gives you way more options. You can be a stealth archer, you can use a sword with shield, you can use illusion to make enemies fight each other, you can sneak around and hit people with a dagger, you can summon creatures to fight for you, etc. Even though its not very polished its just way more fun than dodging and using one of 4 spells.
I love RPGs and I'm currently playing Witcher 3 finally like OP. I plan on finishing it but I also think it's one of the most overrated games ever.
Yeah, Skyrim probably has the highest jank-to-popularity ratio I can think of aside from games where jank is the whole point.
Lmao
Seriously what kind of take is this😂
Janky movement?  Elder Scrolls games often have janky animations for things you see but the movement itself is fine, it's first person and it does what you expect.  If you're playing in third person... why?
    There’s plenty of movement related jank, primarily with objects and walls
Hahahaha. Yes fair dos, I think cos it’s first person I just don’t notice and also play in VR since that version came out..
    >  also play in VR

the ultimate janky controls. just wiggle your arms around and wow you've done so much damage!   
can't stand VR melee combat coz of that
        Not disagreeing. There is cooldown on attacks though. (bow being the exception) What else do you feel they should have done out of interest? I just play normally and dont cheese it. Not as if the combat in flat screen was ever amazing.
I was completely immersed in the world of Witcher 3, to the point that I was sad when it was all over.

I stopped playing Skyrim after 20 hours because the whole thing was utterly boring af. It's popularity baffles me. And that's coming from someone who is a huge fan of the other Elder Scrolls games, especially Morrowind.
    Skyrim’s popularity largely comes from how accessible it is, and its presentation (the soundtrack especially). Before Skyrim, most open world RPGs had a learning curve to them, whereas Skyrim appeals to people who don’t even play RPGs. The truth is that Skyrim is every bit as janky as a game like Witcher 3, with even worse combat, clunky menus, etc, but the key difference is that Skyrim generally doesn’t punish players for their choices. It’s an open world sandbox that encourages people to make their own fun. Witcher 3 isn’t an open world sandbox; it’s an open world story-driven RPG, where choices matter. But none of that matters if you aren’t invested in the story, which sounds like OPs issue to an extent.
        I would call TW3 more of an action / adventure than an RPG.  The RPG elements are too half-baked and undercooked to really matter that much.  I wouldn't really put it in the same conversation as Skyrim, it's much more like Assassin's Creed or another open world franchise, with a lot of Bioware style story shoved on top.  I can't be a wizard or a heavy tank or a nimble rogue.  I can only be a swordsman that uses signs.  Which is fine, but it's lacking in a lot of the stuff I look for in RPGs that even more action oriented games like Dark Souls possess.

Also combat that poor in a post Dark Souls world is just silly, even Kingdoms of Amalur had better combat.  A LOT better combat.  Skyrim is just an evolution of a style that had been created before CDPR were even making games.  Fallout 4 improved the combat a lot so hopefully their next game will have better combat, they seem to be fairly rapidly improving gameplay mechanics from game to game.
            Both Witcher and Dark Souls are technically “action RPGs”, or even “action adventure RPGs”, though obviously they’re only superficially similar. 

Your build in Witcher matters more than you might think, especially at higher difficulties. Yeah, you’re always some variation of the “Witcher class”, but those variations determine how you approach combat. In my last playthrough, I largely avoided signs and mostly relied on alchemy to buff Geralt’s swordsmanship. Was pretty fun as a sort of glass cannon. But yeah, most of the actual roleplaying occurs in the dialogue sections, much like a Bioware RPG, or Planescape: Torment even. 

Kingdoms of Amalur is one of those games I wish I could appreciate. The God of War esque combat is neat, but everything else rubbed me the wrong way. 

Fallout 4’s combat is okay. Better than Fallout 3 or NV for sure, but it has many of the same issues action based RPGs have, like limited AI and super spongey enemies.
    Yup, I had to force myself to complete Skyrim and never went back to it. On the other hand, Oblivion was amazing.
    Dude I even drew out the ending because I knew I’d have a Witcher 3 sized hole in me after
The melee combat turned me off so much and I really don't want to talk to every NPC just to get the why and the what of everything.
Personally I thought Witcher 2 was the strongest of the trilogy. Obviously it doesn't come close to the breadth of things to do as 3 as its a much more linear game, but what's there is consistently well executed. Also note that 1 and 2 are much closer to pure RPGs vs. 3 which is much more action oriented.
Yikes, witcher 2 is like the jank from 3 with extra amateur yuk ;)
This is exactly how I feel. Making animation frames long and controls unresponsive is now being rewarded as difficult game design.
    Because timing, positioning and hitboxes literally do provide more layers to combat.. the idea that the controls are unresponsive is just silly.  You want to be able to dodge roll out of every animation, just say that.
        Don't you? Having the character react when you press a button is the premise of video games. From Pong to fighting games. Making the animations clunky and the controls unresponsive is a dumb way to create difficulty. And a good way to get me to put the controller down. W3's combat was a little jank but fair.
            I disagree. Dark souls is not unresponsive. It’s slow. It’s slow so you have to be deliberate. You cannot spam the dodge button to avoid attacks, you have to choose when you want to dodge.
            >W3's combat was a little jank but fair

But it was also frustrating. Heavy attacks are never a good option so you stick to light attacks, except they aren't always the same speed. Sometimes geralt stabs fast, other times he does a spin and takes twice as long, allowing enemies to hit me out of the animation. Dark souls may be slow af, but it is consistent at least.
        I've been playing Dark Souls and movement/combat seems terrible. I don't understand what people are talking about when they say combat is great. Hitboxes are awful, You could dodge the attack, see the weapon miss you but still get killed. Most of the time it's your movement that kills you not the monsters. It's definitely not for people who like more precision movement and less acrobatics (M&B, Mordhau, KC:D, Chivalry)
            Dark Souls felt pretty janky and unfair until I got used to it, but that took me hours and hours and there are still moments that piss me off. I understand why some people try it and hate it because I was very nearly the same way myself. You can't really play it like other games.

You have to play it like Dark Souls; meticulous, patient, observant, etc. It's the only game I've played where you dodge after releasing the button and not immediately when you press it. Actions are basically on a delayed queue so you have to anticipate rather than react. It's very weird.
    I love the Souls series but honestly I agree, some boss fights and areas are just utter bullshit and you kind of have to learn to deal with them to get the payoff of the rewarding areas and boss fights. Can definitely see how people would dislike it
The Soundtrack! Noooooo! Skyrim sounds are iconic beauty!
Feels like emperor’s new clothes. Both me and friend are lifelong gamers in our forties. Both gave this a fair go, decided we just weren’t enjoying it at all. Like really, at all. Tried again another time from scratch. Few hours...Maybe maybe, nope. Seems some others agree. I also enjoy a variety of genres. It has to feel good to me to play though, and if it doesn’t, and I don’t feel any promise after a while, I move on. Nearest equivalent might be Fallout 3. Janky doesn’t begin to describe it, but suddeny realised I just felt absorbed by it. Never happened with this, what can I say. Life is too short.
STOP RIGHT THERE, CRIMINAL SCUM!
Assassin's Creed Odyssey has fluidity in the combat and movement, something TW3 lacks.
    It does, and as weird at it is to say after how much I disliked the earlier games I actually like that about it. But as much as I like Kassandra and some of the other characters, the writing in TW3 is just way more interesting to me a lot of the time, which makes me actually care about the side quests instead of just feeling like a lot of them are filler like in ACO ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
    plus a multitude of weapons that play differently from on another, builds that actually matter and way better skill trees that unlock actual skills you can use, instead just boosting your stats like just about every upgrade in TW3. I can see why people like TW3 world, characters, music better, but ACO is the superior video game.
Well, TW3’s gameplay is basically Assassin’s Creed minus the parkour that makes it fun and the stealth that gives you options. I’d say both games are pretty bland in the gameplay department, but if I had to choose purely from a gameplay perspective I’d rather play AC.
It's a beat em up
    I usually call it "Grand Theft Medieval" because beating things up and driving your horse to different activities just gives me that vibe.  Only thing it lacks is a reason to hijack other horses and an over the top police response system.
What changed?
    [deleted]
        Honestly that's where I'm at. I've given this game two chances so far, each shot about 10-20 hours. But now after have watched the TV show, and having gotten into platinum trophy hunting on the PS, I got the whole TW3 bundle for cheap and wanna give it another shot.
            Hope the game finally clicks! Can't recommend it enough and Season 2 of the show makes me want to play it all over again (waiting for next gen update though). 

Just a hint as there's a few missable trophies. Play gwent with every character you meet as soon as possible. Some become unavailable later and you win unique cards from them. You need all gwent cards for a trophy. By everyone I mean people involved in quests, you get generic cards from merchants and you need those too, they just aren't missable.

If you don't play on the hardest difficulty Death March you need to play the game another time over (preferrably in NG+) so you have a second chance if you missed anything. It's kind of hard to recommend doing two playthroughs if you're not sure if you are that into it, but I'd still say it's worth it so you don't spoil the quests that have missable trophies. Just go blind for the first time and then NG+ Death March with a plan for missables. Makes it a lot easier too since you keep your gear and skills.

By the way good on you for getting the expansions too they are absolutely amazing both of them. They should be played after the main story just keep that in mind.
                Thanks for the thoughts and comments!

Any news on when the next gen update is coming? I still have a bit o a backlog to get through, and with Elden Ring coming out seen, I probably won't be starting Witcher for a bit...
                    It was delayed from end of 2021 to Q2 2022 so April-June I think. I have a massive backlog too so I didn't mind.

Definitely go through your backlog first and wait for the update since you get it for free anyway!
Welcome, fellow Witcher.
So you’re saying a GAME has bad GAMEplay, sounds lik a bad game to me.
I never read the books or played the first two games and Witcher 3 is still one of my fav games of all time lol to each their own I guess.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
    If you like fantasy, i do recommend the books first.

I can't say enough about how meh the game was to me before reading the books!

If you're no interested in the books, then yeah. There's a ton of other games to play!
ok
Then you have a different definition of the word floaty.  And by that I mean wrong definition.
Most rpgs are role play and story first, combat not even a consideration.

Im not even sure how fromsoft games count as rpgs. They're action games with good combat. No rpgs should take notes because they're not story or role play focused games. They do their own thing. Rpgs do their own thing
    Never really understood this, especially as an excuse for The Witcher 3.

So? Prepare for a wall of text. :)


RPGs have mediocre combat because they focus on roleplaying, that is true, that's because they sacrifice fluidity in favor of giving the player so many options to roleplay with. That includes combat, not just in dialogue.

You always have so many options to bring down opponents to their knees in proper RPGs like every single Elder Scrolls game, Divinity Original Sin 1 & 2, Baldur's Gate 1 2 & 3, Dragon's Dogma, every single Fallout game until 4 & 76, etc. 

Hell, in Morrowind alone, you could use shortswords, longswords, greatswords, daggers, axes, greataxes, pickaxes, clubs and maces, warhammers, tantos, wakizashis, katanas, daikatanas, spears, tridents, crossbows, staves, bows, throwing darts & throwing knives, ninja stars, sabers, claymores, & halberds. 
Each weapon is tied to a certain skill.
And almost every weapon could be used in 3 ways, you could slash, stab or smash. 

Don't even get me started on how much you could utilize magic in combat. You could create thousands of your own unique spells. Potions are a game changer. Both magic and potions can let you walk across water, let you jump really high in the air, turn you invisible, make you randomly explode, boosts up your dodge skill so you could hardly ever get hit in combat, levitate over mountains, use telekinesis, raise the dead, etc.

You could even choose 1 of 10 races to play as, with each choice drastically changing your playstyle.

Morrowind sacrificed fluidity in favor of options.

Yes, options, a major *key* for proper RPGs and something that *The Witcher 3 doesn't have* combat and roleplaying wise, that is.

You are always Geralt. You could only choose what Geralt is thinking of. You are always stuck with a prewritten character, not unlike Nathan Drake, Arthur Morgan, Kratos, Dante, Aloy and Lara Croft. You only have one option to roleplay with character wise. That is hellishly *detrimental* to role-playing, but good for storytelling.

Does that belong in an RPG? Of course not. Only Mass Effect pulled off a pre-written character in an RPG well.

I don't expect it to be done well again.

Now, gameplay-wise:

You always use two swords, two attacks (and both of them function exactly the same), one steel and one silver, along with a crossbow that barely even works, a couple bombs, and you only have 5 spells that all act very similarly which each other especially with Igni and Aard. Throughout the whole game, about 100 hours long, you are playing the same exact way. You would be playing the exact way if you restarted the game all over again.

Slash, slash, dodge, Aard.

Slash, big slash, dodge, roll, Yrden.

Axii, slash, slash. 

Slash, crossbow, miss, slash, slash, Igni.

Whirly slash, slash, slash, Quen.

Very little opportunities to truly roleplay in combat.

Very little options in general.

So, The Witcher 3 got rid of fluidity in favor of... *what exactly?* It couldn't be options, as you can clearly tell. 

Could it be.. good visual environment design? A phenomenal soundtrack? Good writing?

Dark Souls has all 5. And the level design is actually good.

Granted, I do agree that Dark Souls is straddling the line between ARPG and RPG, but it still has the fundamentals of an RPG. 

Options.

Customization.

Variety.

You could still customize yourself and insert yourself into the grim world of Lordran as whoever you wish to be. You could even choose your own background.

Are you... a Noble Knight, the juggernaut of the medieval battlefield, clad in thick steel armor that can shrug off the harshest of blows?

Are you... a Barbarian, armed with an axe that could break through shields as if they were sheets of cardboard and cleaving through small groups of enemies with a single swing?

Are you... a Thief, sneaking through the dark depths and dodging the most powerful attacks gracefully as if you are Serpico from Berserk?

Are you... a Wizard, vaporizing enemies from afar with blasts of pure arcane magic, ranging from swords made up of pure magic, to mini magic darts, to gigantic bolts equivalent to Dragon Ball Z's *KAMEHAMEHAAAA?*

Are you... a Pyromancer, able to train your flesh to withstand the intense, blistering heat of a large flaming fireball, right before you incinerate a crowd of enemies?

Are you... a Cleric, healing you and your helpful summons with your heavenly trinkets through the power of jolly cooperation?

On top of that, you can interact with NPCs in the world and decide their fates on a whim. 

Do you help Sigmeyer of Catarina find his daughter or you do let him die in the murky, fiery depths of the lost Izalith?
You do you kill him the moment you see him? Maybe even in front of his own kin, right after their little reunion, just to make the world feel a little bit *darker?*

Do you praise the sun alongside Solaire, as he is giving expressing gratitude to the one thing that is giving him hope in this *hellish* world, or do you let him suffer as a parasite corrupts him, rendering him of all the joy he once had?

Do you try to kill the Crestfallen Knight as he is mocking you, or do you prove him wrong and *destroy* the one thing that is keeping him from hollowing him, leaving him to roam Firelink Shrine as a wrinkly husk that attavjs everything it sees?

Do you link the flame, continuing the everlasting destruction that Gwyn has brought unto the world in his quest to *stop* fate *itself?*

Or do you *smother it?*

To spare you, I won't even get started on the weapons, but here's one thing I could tell you about them:

Most of the weapons found in Dark Souls have their own specific moveset. Each moveset works better in some situations more than others. 

A dagger would be more quick and easier to backstab with, but it would be much harder to stun an armored enemy. Perfect for singling out enemies.

A warhammer would be much slower to swing, but could be swung around to hit every enemy around you and knock down the armored enemies. Perfect for crowd control.

And, aside from those two kinds of weapons, there are several more kinds you could use, as opposed to The Witcher 3's 1 kind of weapon, a sword, with only 3 attacks. Light attack, heavy (slower light attack), and whirly attack.

To say Dark Souls isn't an RPG and The Witcher 3 is, frankly, absurd. The Witcher 3 is a Schrödinger's RPG, maybe, but not a proper one.


Now do you see why I'm skeptical about people using "The Witcher 3 has bad combat because it focuses on roleplaying more than combat" when it clearly doesn't do anything well mechanically in *both* combat and roleplaying? 

Literally the only meaningful perk you could get in The Witcher 3 that you could roleplay with and use narratively is the Delusion perk. 3 points into that and you practically win the game.

No interesting roleplaying opportunities with one dialogue related skill as opposed to New Vegas's 13 skills.

The only things that The Witcher 3 has done exceptionally well are:

Traditional storytelling and writing. (Hearts of Stone had phenomenal writing with every sense of the word.)

Atmosphere. (The atmosphere is perfect.)

Graphics, visuals and artstyle. (Game looks really good even in today's standards. Artstyle makes it timeless.)

Environmental storytelling. (Puts Skyrim's environmental storytelling to shame, and Bethesda is known for being really good with this sort of thing.)

The soundtrack (I love the soundtrack, man.).


*But not roleplaying.* (I could find better roleplaying in Fallout 76.)

I really hope you understand what I was getting at, because I've heard way too many excuses for this game over the past 6 years.

The Witcher 3 is a really, really, *really* good game for what it does, but way too many people tend to feign ignorance and I *sincerly hope* hope you won't be one of those people.
        I agree with 99% of what you said and being railroaded into a choice geralt would make is really irritating in many aspects. But at the same time, the Witcher would still have more story based choices than most dark souls games. And I only mean the third Witcher. Witcher 2 basically splits into two entirely different story lines depending entirely on your choices.

I say when it comes to player choice, souls games have the Witcher beat without a doubt. But story wise the Witcher is the winner.

My original point was that there's no way dark souls is MORE of an rpg than the Witcher because they tackle very different aspects of the rpg genre.

Skyrim and dark souls are about player choice. Witcher and Mass effect are about story choice with very little combat variety.

JRPGs are something I'll never get because idk how pokemon or Final fantasy are RPGs in but that's just me.

I'd say the only rpg I've played that has just as much player choice as there is story based choices would be the Outer Worlds. I played it, loved it, felt like Fallout 4 combat with actual story consequences with Stat based role playing that affected combat and story. But people hated it so maybe idk what an rpg is.
Don't forget Bloodborne.  That's when the already great controls took a transformative leap.  It really unlocked for many the most aggressive style of play, but it allowed them to make extremely aggressive and fluid bosses.  Elden Ring looks phenomenal, and the great thing is everyone knows it's going to be, at a minimum, mechanically polished and interestingly designed.  FromSoft doesn't make Cyberturds
Pfft, well shit. Maybe I’ll go do that second play through now and make sure I figure out what that setting is. That was really the main drag for me.
    It's called "Alternative Movement" in the options menu. It's a big improvement and ~~should have become the default IMO.~~ apparently is the default now!
        I’ll have to look into it. Quit after 15 minutes because I kept flicking candles instead of opening a door or talking to an NPC.
            [deleted]
                [https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749)

Only ignites if Igni sign is primed.
                    70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
                Does candle flicking play an important role later in the game? Like to illuminate a message on a wall or something?
                    Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
                        Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
                    There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
            Try to use the "walk" function when in tight quarters with many candles/crates too. It works **really** well to reduce the accidental misuses.
            Man I'm playing it on Switch and I hate that so much.
            [There is even a in-game joke about it in the second DLC.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k26ejKx4uX8)
Or the silver sword! What??
All the oils do is that you have to hit a mob three times instead of four. You can pretty much ignore them entirely. I suggest using a mod to make them actually something you'll want to use (e.g. [Very Interesting Oils](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/1958)).
    In almost any game a 33%+ damage buff for free would be considered great.
        How many games let you just infinitely dodge and parry then just slap shit to death with light attacks?
            To be fair, every fight scene in the books is described as Geralt pirouetting a bunch and then winning, so at least it's authentic.
                Yep. Thats how Geralt fights so i don't get the complaints.
            Add in upgraded Quen and you're dancing your way through everything...
        Not every game approaches the +33% damage buff with the same tedium as TW3.
        Except it's not free, it does require time investment both to make sure you have the mats rather than selling them as well as creating and using the oils.

Considering it's usually a 3 hits rather than 5-6 scenario usually the extra hits require less investment.
    I just used a mod that applied them automatically.  Having to go into the inventory every time I wanted them got pretty tedious.
        Man, I was thinking that it would be cool if after starting to fight a monster, or at least killing the first one in a group, it would be able to figure out which oil to auto-apply...  
Then I went and googled the auto-oil mod, and turns out, that's exactly what it does at the start of combat! (scans the mobs nearby, and picks the most suitable oil)  


Whenever I get around to playing Witcher 3, I fear that I'll fall into my Skyrim routine (installing mods for a couple of days, and then dropping the game after a few hours of playtime)
    That’s no different from an armour that helps deflect one hit.

Or recoil reduction.

Game upgrades and abilities all do the same kind of stuff. Don’t want a mod that makes it do like 75% damage.
        Witcher 3 is still full of miniscule upgrades. I played Cyberpunk 2077 which is very similar to the Witcher 3 and I can compare that to Deus Ex Human Revolution(from 2011). 

In Deus Ex HR these are equal uses of 2 skill points: 
* Remove all recoil(while standing still)
* Remove inaccuracy from moving while firing by 50%
* Punch through (specific) walls and move heavy objects(vending machines)
* Immunity to gas grenades
* eliminate fall damage, with the option to stun enemies when landing
* actual X-ray vision
* Hacking level 2 out of 5

In Witcher and Cyberpunk skill options are full of +15% damage on fast attacks or +25% armor when blocking using heavy armor or each point gives your 10% resistance to negative effects of your own potions.

Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.
            Deus Ex Human Revolution is a totally different style of game though.

A true 10/10 as well.
                It warms my heart to hear people describe DE:HR as 10/10. I make sure I have at least 1 annual playthrough.
            I mean that's the difference between Perks and Talents.

Talent systems are most of the time small increases like an mmo might have or something like path of exile, a perk system is like Skyrim.
            > 
> 
> 
> 
> Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.

It would be pretty shitty if each skill point gave you 75% increased damage/damage reduction and you got 50 points ... especially if the enemies don't scale like that.

Far more interesting to have it scale to a smaller degree. Most praised RPGs work the same way.

D&D, Mass Effect, WoW (back in the day), Ultima etc etc
                Of course it's a different kind of game, but even for that kind of game it feels like your character is already competent in most things and has only to improve in. 

Old WoW is a good comparison to Witcher 3 on second look(take almost all skills that say "ability x"), but my current gripe is definitely with cyberpunk that has fantastic duds like "reduce falling damage by 5/10/20%", "don't get detected in water" or a number of like "3/6/9% damage increase with weapon type" when skills exist that increase headshot damage for all weapons by 50% for 1 skill point or 20/30% more headshot damage with weapon type.
                WoW talent trees were massively overhauled and radically improved when they got away from that.
                    Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
        Quen is next tier op what you on?
    Bruh you must be playing on easy mode this is just a straight up lie
Don’t remember to be honest but I usually play medium or hard. Whatever that’s called on the game I’m playing. I just hacked shit until it died for the most part. I did use them sometimes but more often than not it didn’t feel needed.
    They're only really needed on death march
        I can confirm they are not needed on Death March. The only thing that would make them needed is to carefully level so that you don't end up over leveling content. Which would mean skipping a good number of quests.
I finished Horizon but was never enthralled by it like I am most RPGs. My favorite part of Witcher was finding all the secret armors and the whole Blood and Wine DLC. Love Vampire stuff and the more traditional knights armor and castles in the backdrop was awesome.
[deleted]
I'd be so good at that. I dominate at gwent
    Play it. It is a free [mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/953/).
[deleted]
    Yeah the combat mechanics themselves aren’t that great, but the whole research and prep loop is amazing for roleplaying as a Witcher, and it shortens combat time, so it’s just a win win
        >research and prep loop is amazing

The game

>open menu, scroll and hunt for the enemy type you're against, look at weakness, go to other menus, select said weakness

Wow I really feel like a witcher, prepping for a hard fight and relying on diligent research.
            I haven’t played the game in a while, but that’s not how I remember my experience at all. I remember having to find books and talk to townspeople to fill out the bestiary entry for the monster I was going to go up against and also gathering the ingredients to make the appropriate potions and oils before going hunting. I’m a role player so that was more than enough to get me engaged as a Witcher
It wasn't until NewGame+ Death March that I tried my first decoction, because I never needed them before.  

Now I go into almost every fight with 2-3 decoctions, and 2-3 potions ingested, along with an appropriate oil, because pretty much every single monster 1-2 shots me.  
Also, thank god for Quen.
This is exactly how I felt about Witcher the first time I played. I only went through normal and could largely treat it as hack-and-slash with a few spells thrown in. However, I could see how much depth you could utilize with all the side potions and spells to get the *real* witcher feeling.

Planning to do a Witcher 1-3 run through and higher difficulty so I have to go through the prep work and use the right potions, etc.
    I'll say, if the combat in 3 was a turn off, 1 and 2 are going to be really hard to get into.
Same. Also not putting points into combat makes for more fun options; when your best option is "hitting the thing" that's all you'll do.
    The goddamn flamethrower ability and puppet abilities are just the best. I love using them.
A lot of third person action games are like that. Jedi Fallen Order, for example, is absolutely boring on low difficulties because you don't need to invest into learning the mechanics. You can tank and heal through most fights while spamming attack buttons. The same thing happens in The Witcher 3. If your difficulty is too low for your skill level then you don't need to use most of your resources.
Personally I felt like it didn't matter what difficulty you played on, as it was too easy regardless.
Agreed. Witcher 3 combat is a joke at any difficulty. Invincibility frames while rolling is enough to make it faceroll easy, but plenty of other things in the game make it way too easy anyway.

Witcher 3's highlights are travelling around randomly, and a handful of amazing sidequests. Until you get to the dlc which is pretty great imo.
    played on normal, the final boss was literally me pressing r1 on repeat.  


I had trouble beating the other big bosses (no spoiler) and also had actual fun vs the ending boss of heart of stone.   


Rest of the game i never bothered to learn anything, i just spammed... it's the main reason i don't replay it. I love the game, but like rdr2 i just DREAD playing through it again   


I might do it on easy tho... maybe on a new pc, it's just so good.
I was the opposite. The Witcher 3 got me to enjoy 3rd person action games enough that I moved on to Dark Souls.
Nah, the combat is objectively clunky.
Oh, so you even need the potions and alchemy stuff? I couldn't get into that and hoped I could just ignore it.
    Barely used it myself so don’t stress too much about that
Yes, this is our alt
    Oh good! I had forgotten what the username was!
Far too many games try to be Dark Souls.

But the Witcher 2, which came out about half a year before Dark Souls, can't really be one of them.
There's a dodge button that makes combat more realistic.
The only walking in Skyrim is when you explore and that is why you play the game. For all other travels you can use quick travel. It is almost too convenient to travel, actually.
Wait how is Skyrim grindy??  And you can get a horse in both games and both games have fast travel.
Absolutely. Same. And feel the same way about GoT
Witcher 2 was surprisingly good. The combat at the start nearly put me off - so hard!
    Yeah, the "tutorial" battle was hella difficult for some reason.

Reminds me of... was it Driver? or Driver San Francisco?

Basically it was a driving game, and one of the early tutorials was to do a slalom between columns, in a garage area I believe.

My brother and I were stuck FOREVER on that area of the game, not even sure if we ever actually beat it.

&#x200B;

On a side note, the very beginning of Witcher 2, the night time dock by the water was SOOO beautiful, the graphics felt unreal at the time of release.
        Ha, spent hours on "tutorial" of Driver. It's even worse if you are just a kid that never read any English :D Just trial and error
That's a good tip, I also attempted the first one before and yeah, it ain't a classic. 

Enjoyed the show but had literally no idea what was going on there either (starting to sound like it's my stupid brain actually)
    The first season is based on the first two books which were collections of short stories. The second issue is those three storylines did not all happen at the same time. Yennefer was trained long before she ever met Geralt. She was born in 1173 and finished training in 1186. Jaskier/Dandelion was born in 1229. So that kinda can help you line things up. Jaskier and Geralt meet in 1248, the same year they meet Yennefer, only 5 years before ciri is born in 1253 The episode with the dragon is in 1253 as well. And from there the timeline of the show largely syncs up. The Slaughter of Cintra and the battle of Sodden Hill both happen in 1263.

I really hope that helps make sense of it. There's more stories and details but that's the short version
        I really don’t know why they didn’t post the time frame when it jumped back and forth. Like how hard would it be to post the years like you did. I knew it jumped around but had no idea it was that large of a gap
    The first season of the show was...not actually easy at all to understand with all the time skipping back and forth, actually, so maybe it isn't the best place to start. The second season was better!
        First season gets much better on rewatch, knowing the time differences going in.
    1 was very difficult to get into, ended up watching a youtube that cut the game like a movie. Played though 2 which I absolutely loved and then got into 3. One of the first times I was so emotionally invested in a story I had to take a break, ad that was one of the first side quests!
I loved Gwent precisely because I have never played or enjoyed card games, I think. It's just so simple.
    It's like the card game "war". So little depth - my numbers are bigger than your numbers, I win.   

"Ah yes, but do you play your big numbers earlier or later"?  

"It doesn't matter. All my numbers are bigger".
        It's zugzwang, the game. With few exceptions (e.g. surgical scorches and the obligatory opening with a weird spy/dummy carousel) , ideal play is to not do anything the entire match then spam your weathers, horns, hand holding units, ruler powers, etc after your opponent has burned all of theirs. The game forces you to play a card so you play "starving conscript" to stall
[deleted]
    “Aren’t you the Witcher who butchered all those people and who we are conditioned to hate?”
“Yes.”
“Oh, well, I’m the best Gwent player around, fancy a game?”
        [deleted]
            I suppose that's true - the game has some different takes on the characters compared to the book(s).
        Some guy: "Screw you, get the hell out of my establishment"

Geralt: "How about a round of Gwent"

Some guy: *nods head in agreement*

I just love some of the people you can choose to play Gwent with.
    I love it, the feeling of winning Gwent is really nice. The random decks NPCs will have makes each a different type of challenge, forcing you to figure out a way to beat their lineup. It’s not a complex game in terms of goal (get your  numbers up as high as you can) but it was nice to figure out which cards should be used when and where.
And then on the other side you have people who don't play Gwent because "card games are too complicated". Yes, I've seen them. lol.

Gwent in W3 is really basic but at least it's still more engaging than all those Dice Poker, Pazaak, Caravan etc. attempts before. I never played those if I could avoid it.
    Oh *god* Dice Poker was atrocious
    Caravan is not intuitive to learn but it's a much better game than Gwent, imo.
        I'm not a fan of pure card games, I prefer my games to have a theme, even if superficial. Maybe I would've liked Caravan more if they made an effort and themed it like Gwent. I mean, it already has the building-a-caravan theme, it wouldn't be too hard to paint the cards as raiders, brahmin, traders and whatnot without changing the mechanics. It'd probably help with the learning, too - it's easier to remember that e.g. a Bandit removes cards rather than Jack, and illustrations are easier to recognize than classic card faces.
    Oh FUCK caravan.
I agree, shallow and pedantic
    I thought it was perfectly cromulent.
        Insubordinate and churlish
            Tim-o-thee?
                Hey guys, I gotta go. I'm late for chess club.
                    You look like you need a chest club.
    It *insists* upon itself.
    Perhaps...
    [deleted]
You should try the actual spin off game Gwent. They expanded on the minigame a lot and it’s super fleshed out.

Also the cards all have a variant that moves which is cool.
    I miss the beta of this game. The new one is much worse imho. The beta they released had a nice balance, I played it a LOT.
Yes, thank you! It's just a basic numbers game. The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between rounds. I love me some gambling/minigames, but I just couldn't get into Gwent, even though it's a legit quest line in W3.
    >The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between round

Guess you got basically nowhere with the deckbuilding? There's a lot you can do with weather, decoys, spies, buffs, medics etc.

One of the more fun tricks is to disable your own units with weather, play a strong combo like those two siege engines, and clear the weather at the last moment. For bonus points you can scorch the opponent's combo before clearing the weather.

Although eventually the meta kind of does settle into "whoever has more spies wins", especially if you play against Nilfgaard. And also, the AI is rather easy to trick, but that's AI for you...
        Whoever thought spies were a good idea needs to be shot. It's card game 101 that you don't have cards that cycle themselves for 0 cost and give an advantage on top of that.
            I think it's just the 0 cost unmovable hero that is OP, the other spies are giving the opponent something and they can return them via decoy, too. But the Golden 0 spy is less of a card and more of an instant tempo advantage cheat. No counterplay at all.
                You're mad. All the spies are insanely broken. Sure you give them 5 points or so, but you get to draw 2 cards that will generate 10+ points each.
I didn't play gwent the first time but have been playing on my second run.

It's a fun little minigame but I agree that is shallow; some players you simply can't beat because they have better cards. There is some strategy to it but it's frustrating when you play against someone and they can just thrash you with a stronger deck
>But to literally spend in-game days or weeks playing cards? Nah.

Thematically, you gotta spend those evenings in the tavern somehow :-)

That's one aspect of being a fantasy adventurer that games don't and can't do well. Travelling takes weeks and you gotta eat and sleep every day, ideally under a roof.
    I really enjoy Skyrim modded to be that, but I accept that I'm weird and most people don't want that. With the right stuff it's like The Long Dark with monsters and quests.

Also, do Witchers sleep? I thought that was one of their mutations, that they don't necessarily need to or at least don't need nearly as much as the rest of us.
        Afaik Geralt sleeps normally. I'd assume he maybe can stay awake longer than normal humans, but not by that much. Biologically he is still mostly human, just somewhat beyond peak human.

I don't enjoy it in games due to the world size and time scaling. If you need to sleep every ingme day, it's too often and becomes a boring routine. If you need to sleep too little, it barely has an effect on gameplays and you feel superhuman. It's hard to get the balance right.

But camping in Skyrim, ideally with the mods that add severe weather effects etc., that's occasionally fun. I once froze to death desperately trying to chop firewood, and that was a fun experience.
> However, it's SO disconnected from the tone of the rest of the game, and non-card rewards from playing are so minimal that I never felt like engaging with it. It felt very much like a way to pad out the game and/or player engagement with it. 

As a mini-game, it seemed so tacked on and didn't make sense in the context of the rest of the game to me. Once the stand-alone game came out, it made a lot more sense as to why they did it.
I never had to google Gwent, I thought it was fairly intuitive. You can get a little unlucky and just run into a super hard Gwent fight really early when your deck is crap, but I don't think it's insanely difficult to understand to the point that you'd have to look up tutorials.
    I don’t get that comment. I never searched a single guide on gwent. You just find cards and get better over the course of the game. Pretty simple. Some of the Ps1 era final fantasy card games were more complex.
        Oh man I loved Triple Triad. But Gwent never stuck with me. Felt it was too R/P/S and super simple to the point of being boring.
            I can still hear the music for Triple Triad. Good times.
            I enjoyed gwent. Not gonna lie. But it was most definitely super basic. Loved triple triad as well.
        Triple FUCKING Triad and its associated bullshit literally made me hate FF 8.
    [deleted]
        Card games *really* aren't my thing either, which just made me love Gwent more because it was like *finally* a card game I can follow and actually enjoy!

I'm not saying I knew how to play immediately, got my ass handed to me a good few times before I'd nailed down an actual winnable strategy, but holding stronger cards back strategically only to have them play perfectly into your plan in the final round is so satisfying.
Yeah, Red Baron’s quest line is where it really kicked off for me.  Then it was epic for the rest of the game
    Screw that questline. Had my ass/donkey with me in the room straightup ugly cry.  What also compacted it was frustration from the spooky bois attacking.  Love the series and books but that was awful. @.@
I'd add Novigrad into the meh category as well. Like holy shit there was a ton of fetch quests. Did I really need to track down 5 of Dandelions lovers all for them to not give me any info at all? Stuff like that.
Yah, once I got to crow perch is when I knew I was hooked.
Red Baron's thread is probably my favorite in the whole game.
it get's "better". It's like Dragon Age Inquisition's Hinterlands. Or playing Vermintide 2 and being gate kept by difficulties that contain the real fun. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a slow burn at the beginning until it opens up (though it's just paced like that). There are tons of games, especially long ones that take a second to kickstart and yeah, it's a flaw generally but if the rest of the experience makes up for it then it's still worth it. It's basically the inverse of games like Elden Ring for me, where it starts up amazing and then ends sort of meh though obviously it's all subjective. 

It took me about 3 playthroughs for Skyrim and the Witcher 3 to finally get past the opening parts and get to the better content, but I quit mostly because I knew they were going to be big undertakings and not cause I expected all the player acclaimed greatness to be upfront
Fairly sure the Witcher 3 is pretty well received and did things quite right.
Another thing both games have in common: they’re at their best when you’re just traveling around *edit: and engaging with content as it comes by*.

Kill the hud and any on-screen info, mount your horse and explore, forget the main story.

Absolutely immersive, great encounters and side quests, no collectible shit, fantastic experience. True “open worlds” in my mind.
    Do you play games to put you to sleep? I hate this no HUD trend. I want info, and I want content, not wandering on a horse
        I had no idea this was a trend now, it’s just immersive.

And why would you avoid info and content? You’re playing as a real witcher, arriving in a village, learning of a monster, finding ways/potions to kill it. Or as a real outlaw. Just without the dissonance of the main quest urging you on.

As for not liking the travel part, the better part of the games market is games that allow you to score/kill/jump/collect without riding a horse or travelling and immersing you in a world. I’m not too excited by those anymore. Maybe there’s a place for both things.
        Cool then keep it enabled, no one's forcing you to turn it off...lol
    So the games are so good that you can have fun just doing nothing but traveling around? But only if you define "just traveling around" as "actually playing the game and not just wandering".

Also no, they aren't. From someone's who's 100% completed both, multiple times. The games are exceptionally boring to just travel around. Red dead is prettier to do that with by far, so there's that, but to actually just walk/ride around and nothing else? That's the cure for insomnia.
        Disagreed. Love wandering around
Man...I wish you could finish it. The game is so emotionally impactful and the characters just feel so real. I don't know, I think it would be worth it for you just to complete the story, you don't have to 100% it. I get it though.
    I still plan it! I just have to ignore the fact, that relearning it will have some bad consequences in the game, that I can't really avoid. Maybe I'll just veeeery cautiously try to get into it again by hunting or something like that, to just relearn the mechanics. Maybe somewhere at the edge of the map, where it doesn't have too much impact.
        Did you ever end up finishing it?(thoughts?)



Edit: no idea why my flair is that game out of everything lol
            Still want to, especially after finding out it runs great on my steamdeck. But first I have to finish Elden Ring, which my friends made me finally start too...
[deleted]
    I thought it also changed other facts than only the exact location, I think some reactions of people and especially bounties were not reset by loading the old save. Also, if the location differs, it's not a true manual save, is it? So yeah, I at least didn't fully understand the manual save system. If it would fully reset the game to an earlier state, I should be fine to get back into the game.
When I started witcher 3, I was really hyped because it had the same characteristics as my favorite game of all time,Rdr2.

But the more I played it, the more I realized that they're COMPLETELY different. They have some similarities at face value but when you look deeper they really don't.

1- Open world: Yes, both have big open worlds, but red dead's world is much more interactive and discreet than the witcher's, examples: 1-rdr2 has very few side quests but all of them are great, the witcher has a ton of side quests, some great some average. 2-rdr2 has a lot of easily missable random encounters that have no cutscenes and come out of nowhere, in the witcher 3, these types of encounters always include rpg style cutscenes. 3-You can kill, rob, greet npc's in red dead and all of them have schedules and different personalities. Witcher's npc's are like wooden posts that repeat the same lines over and over. 4- While riding your horse in red dead, it is mostly quiet with little cowboy jingles and melodies that play every now and then without you even noticing and make exploring the world a more immersive experience. The music in witcher 3 is on full blast all the time.

2-Clunky movement: Geralt feels weightless and him and roach get stuck on everything. Arthur feels heavy, him and his horse collides with and crashes into everything.

3-Good story: The story in red dead is told with beautiful cinematic cutscenes and requires no lore to understand, you can't change its outcome, it's like a movie. The witcher 3's story requires a lot of lore to truly appreciate and strives on being a videogame story changeable with choices the player makes, it has cinematic cutscenes but they're few and far between, the story is mostly told through rpg 1 on 1 cutscenes which are a pet peeve of mine.

4-Mediocre gameplay: The witcher's 3's gameplay is a lot deeper than red dead's, but the thing is it sucks! With red dead, I was able to simply go: "just shoot people in the head lol", but the witcher has crafting, enchantments, mutations, skills.... Which imo ended up being the most boring part of the game, but it kinda ruined it for me because I couldn't ignore it at all, I tried playing around with them and it was boring as shit.

That's all I remember but I think I got my point accross, they're night and day different, for me at least.
    Very good explanation! That makes sense and solidly explains, why I got into one and not the other.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
    ... And you seldom buy stuff in that game anyways. Felt like I pretty much just spent my money on clothes or customizing my gun, lol.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
Lol, after RDR2 every other games random ‘run over something to pick it up’ feels really naff now and totally takes me out of the experience. I remember going into a shop and being able to pick everything up and manipulate it in your hand and thinking - this is the new bar right here. Always amazes me to see complaints from people about how the game is too interactive/realistic/immersive.
I have mixed feelings on RDR2. As an open world sim, the pure sandbox experience it offers is unmatched. But the campaign is not interesting to play through at all. While the narrative is great, the story missions are tedious and repetitive.
I HATE the Diablo-style loot system in everything that isn't a straight dungeon crawler.
The problem with the loot is that all of it sucks compared to the Witcher sets. When a king gifts you his ancestral sword and it's worse than the last 2 swords you've crafted it feels pretty disappointing.
    However the witcher sets will all be out levelled. Because loot progresses with your level where as the witcher sets don't.

I've spent and entire evening killing cows to craft the grandmaster feline set, and then bam,  random sword that drops was better stats.

I was over levelled because I spend a lot of time on the side quests.
        witcher really isn't designed to be played like that but it encourages you to go out and explore. it's a weird mismatch.   

also fyi the witcher sets have cumulative power effects and are cumulatively better than stuff even 5 levels above them. or just download a mod that auto levels the witcher set to your level which is what i did
The tone of the game is why it's one of my favorite all-time games. I can't really describe it but man the tone of that game just feels almost magical. Talking to an NPC when it's raining and there's just this sense of dread and despair through the main game that I've never encountered in any other. It's just absolutely fantastic.
    I’d call it “Earthy.” I’ve never played a game that felt earthy before.
        Gothic 1&2 do earthy so much better.
Very well said. I played W3 years ago, and just picked up the much-maligned Cyberpunk this week. It's no W3, but I'm honestly loving it so far, largely due to the skill of CDPR in establishing a relatable, real-feeling tone and setting. 

There are plenty of throwaway side quests I don't care about, but then there are also many where I find myself legit caring about the characters, getting wrapped up in their stories and choked up at the emotional bits. That's very rare for me in games.

These games are ultimately Eurojank, and a staple of that sub-genre is an emphasis on pulling you into a game world via world-building and characters, rather than perfectly polished combat and lack of bugs. They have a very different, narratively-driven approach to immersion.
    When you described Eurojank I immediately thought of the Chernobyl games.

I watched a lot of reviews when Cyberpunk came out hoping someone would mention the tone or “feel” of the game world besides it falling apart every ten seconds. I’m not sure the gaming media has picked up on why it was so important for Witcher. But I’m glad you at least said it’s right and I’ll have that to look forward to in ten years when the game is fixed.
They knew what they were doing with setting the tone, It's this "tone" you are talking about that makes me appreciate the Witcher 3 more than other average RPGS or action-adventure games. The weather team and those behind the art directions did an incredible job, all that complimentet by an amazing soundtrack. You could tell they knew what they were doing by having Gerald murmuring randomly "Wind's howling". It feels very intentional and it sticked with many of the players. 

I can't even say it's one of my top 5 games and I agree with most criticism, I am not even sure I liked the overall plot although I loved the relationships between these characters, especially Geralt and Ciri, but nevertheless the game feels special because of that reason.
The problem with the story is the problem I have with a lot of open world RPG's.  What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.  It's not bad it's just not as satisfying.  Which is obviously a subjective thing.

In TW2 for example, you progress through a story.  Depending on your choices, it influences the second chapter.  Depending on your choices there, it influences the third chapter.  The story builds and grows.

In TW3 the story keeps resetting.  You kill or 'save' the Baron.  Then it resets and you decide to kill or support Stali...Radovid.  Then it resets and you decide to side with Cerys or her brother.  Then it resets and...

Nothing builds.  The story keeps resetting and nothing has any impact on anything else until you get to the end game.  And all that changes in the end game really is what NPC's show up to not do anything useful and what slides you get in the post game.

Or put another way, TW3 is basically 4 short stories with an epilogue that ties everything together in the end with cameo's.  TW1 and 2 are novels.
    This is a good analysis of the story. A similar example of this is the Mass Effect trilogy because all of the subplots wind up being mostly inconsequential to the ending, although the trilogy does have a more cohesive plot than TW3.

I disagree a little bit about "nothing building," because there are plot threads that build up to finding Ciri and it does a decent job of that. Ignoring the final act, this is really the main objective of the game, and even though the individual acts are all pretty standalone they do tie into the search for Ciri in a way that is satisfying to me.

But you're spot on in the sense that it's more like an episodic game with a whole bunch of side stories and then a pretty much unrelated overarching plot in the form of the Wild Hunt, which is unfortunately the weakest and most under-developed story in the game.
    To be fair that's mostly what the book series is like- Geralt and his friends going on adventures around the globe as they search for Ciri, more or less.
    > What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.

That was my biggest gripe, too. It'd be less of a problem if the world and the marketing hadn't promised interactivity that would never be delivered. Instead, it's just a slightly better Ubisoft game.

So many missed opportunities, though. Some minor tweaking would have allowed for a much more dynamic main storyline, and it's so irritating that they sacrificed that interactivity to railroad players through one specific outcome. It's basically a JRPG in disguise.
> It is like, for example, when I played Fallout New Vegas and realized that most of the villages had plantations around them, something that does not exist in most TES games or in Fallout 3. I always wondered, "but what do these people eat or where does the food come from", and then you look and think, "oh this is where it comes from". The world of Witcher 3 answers several of these seemingly unnecessary questions, which makes it an extremely enjoyable experience to me.

There are a fair few times when they fucked that up as well, though. For instance, clear out a monster nest and the villagers instantly repopulate the area, as if they were hiding in a nearby tree while you were dropping bombs into a pile of leaves. It'd be so much more immersive if you had nothing happen, but found that they'd moved back in after a few in-game days had passed and you trotted through the area again.
    [deleted]
        > maybe they were afraid that many players would not come back through that village and would not realize what happened. I bet that's why they decided to do it in such a forced way.

And what's weird about _that_ is that the way the described it pre-release sounded like they were doubling down on the more long-term way of doing it. In reality, I think they just didn't have time to do the more complex version and so went with that simpler, identical cut-scene every time.

>Still, when I compare it to what I saw at the time in most other open world games, Witcher 3 still managed to set up a much nicer illusion of a "real" world. But ultimately it is always an illusion, and if you look closely you will always find the cracks. For me, Witcher 3 was the game (at least until that point in time) that best hid most of them.

That's fair. It's the best of a group of games that have aged very poorly since Breath of the Wild released. 

As for NPCs, the only ones that I think actually work in these games are those in Bethesda's titles. For all their flaws - and, dear lord, do they have a terrifying list of flaws - the ability to have a named NPC with a distinct backstory and personality (kind of) traipse across Skyrim with you and then _find their own way home_ when you part ways is basically untouchable in modern gaming. They don't have the depth or detail that later games - including Witcher 3 - allowed for, but they interact with the world in the same way as the player does, and that makes such a big difference.
Combat boils down to orbiting enemies, hitting them with a sword, occasionally using a power to get a mild advantage. It got old very fast.

Also, traversing the world became a chore.

And finally, the rewards. How oh how I got sick of swapping for a new sword every six minutes to gain 3% advantage.
    Sounds like you just don't like the game at all 

The last point is not even valid, anything less than death march and you rarely need to even change your sword.

On my recent play through I think I'm 10 hours in and have changed my sword once, only because it was part of a set.
Yeah even on Death March once you have that spin to win move it's so stupidly easy.
I loved turning Geralt into a bladed dreidel and spin attacking mooks into mince meat
That’s a great way to describe it. I didn’t read any of the books. But I usually crank up difficulty on games anyways for funsy because it makes you use the in game systems more. I really got sucked in though and went full Witcher mode. I knew all the enemy types in the end and was using the proper spells and oiling up swords without even thinking about it. The story was just the icing on the cake for me. Great game.
    In short you either play as the unstoppable geralt of rivia, superhuman Witcher and monster slayer extraordinaire, or on death March, you have to *be* him to succeed
>  really get into the Witcher mindset. the preparation, the precise tactics and strategy, the weaknesses of the monster you're fighting, etc.

Yea, that's absolutely how it should be played. Alchemist/Swordfighting witcher with very minimal use of magic. I guess many people want to just go in and slash things. Maybe that takes away too much of the atmosphere.
    Yea, effective sign use is important tho
Between the mutations and having to decide whether to increase physical damage, commit to potions and concoctions, or go full magic I felt it was pretty diverse. Some of the battles with dragons and griffins were extremely hard. Don’t get me started on the asshole high level wraiths.
Skyrim and the Unofficial Patch?
    Are you asking me if I think it reflects negatively on a game that was released I don't even know how many times without fixing some stuff that fans fixed years ago in their spare time?

If you're asking that, then yes I think it reflects negatively on Skyrim.
        Good. You're at least consistent. 👍
I’m about halfway through the game for the first time and I really appreciate how you can be properly leveled by just doing the main story. IMO a huge issue with some worse, similar games like Assassin’s Creed Origins is that the side content is required to keep up level wise and a lot of it sucks. Maybe some of Witcher 3’s side content is boring too, but I don’t know because I only have to do what I want.
I play on my TV, but thanks.
Why can they not form a real opinion after playing for 4-5 hours?
    They can have an opinion but they've only played the tutorial area of an 100 hour game. White Orchard is quite basic if I remember correctly and not really representative of the entire game.
    it's like critiquing a JRPG after 10-20 hours of gameplay. the game will have only introduced basic mechanics to you and maybe one set piece boss. there is no way to gauge what the game will eventually turn out to be since the good stuff is paced to be around 40 hours in and the emotional payoff will be 70-80 hours in   

that's one thing i enjoyed about witcher 3, all the good content wasn't front loaded in the first 5 hours along with the tutorial. any review that stops at 5 hours without even leaving white orchard is like someone critiquing a movie after they've seen the opening credits and the cast walking into frame.
The story and characters were great but the gameplay just seemed like alot of running from one npc to the next and the combat was kind of underwhelming compared to other games.
Out of curiosity. What RPG had better gameplay?
    I got, that this was debated a lot, also here in this thread, but for me, subjectively, all of the Bethesda RPGs have better gameplay, if you're talking about that style of modern open world RPG. Maybe I'm used to it since being addicted to Morrowind.

But when talking about RPGs in general: All of the old isometric ones, like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment and the king of current RPG: Disco Elysium. The Dungeon Master style RPGs with the Grimrock 1& 2 renaissance also felt a lot more RPGish to me and I got along better with their gameplay.

&#x200B;

edit and PS: For me RPG means reading and getting into the world, doing everything at my pace. The isometric RPGs and the dungeon master style ones are a lot slower and allow for that style of playing. The elder scrolls games are in a totally different style, but they are SO free in what you do, that I could find my own pace. The witcher is more of an actiongame, but it still forces you to a certain amount of speed and to follow the story more closely than the elder scrolls allow, so for me, it works a lot differently - when talking about the RPG perspective.
        Fair. But I honestly can’t see how Skyrim gameplay is better then the Witcher. 

I would put them on par. 

They both have magic you throw out. 

You have basic sword animations. 

One if first and the other isn’t
            What the other guy says: skyrim supports far more combat styles, especially stealth, summoning minions and archery, which are my usual ways of fighting, and witcher offers none of them. Also magic is far less than I imagined and which most RPGs also offer more. 

The style fits to the world and the atmosphere, it connects pretty well, but there are far less ways to fight in the witcher than in skyrim for example. Also it feels more clunky, but that might be a personal thing, because again, I played every Bethesda RPG out there, so I'm just really used to it. The inventory in skyrim is ridiculous due to the console compatibility, just to mention one example, but it didn't turn me off enough that the game didn't work for me. 


And wow, witcher fans are raging.... Because I'm listing RPGs in a thread about RPGs?
            Skyrim combat is just way more fun and gives you way more options. You can be a stealth archer, you can use a sword with shield, you can use illusion to make enemies fight each other, you can sneak around and hit people with a dagger, you can summon creatures to fight for you, etc. Even though its not very polished its just way more fun than dodging and using one of 4 spells.
There’s plenty of movement related jank, primarily with objects and walls
>  also play in VR

the ultimate janky controls. just wiggle your arms around and wow you've done so much damage!   
can't stand VR melee combat coz of that
    Not disagreeing. There is cooldown on attacks though. (bow being the exception) What else do you feel they should have done out of interest? I just play normally and dont cheese it. Not as if the combat in flat screen was ever amazing.
Skyrim’s popularity largely comes from how accessible it is, and its presentation (the soundtrack especially). Before Skyrim, most open world RPGs had a learning curve to them, whereas Skyrim appeals to people who don’t even play RPGs. The truth is that Skyrim is every bit as janky as a game like Witcher 3, with even worse combat, clunky menus, etc, but the key difference is that Skyrim generally doesn’t punish players for their choices. It’s an open world sandbox that encourages people to make their own fun. Witcher 3 isn’t an open world sandbox; it’s an open world story-driven RPG, where choices matter. But none of that matters if you aren’t invested in the story, which sounds like OPs issue to an extent.
    I would call TW3 more of an action / adventure than an RPG.  The RPG elements are too half-baked and undercooked to really matter that much.  I wouldn't really put it in the same conversation as Skyrim, it's much more like Assassin's Creed or another open world franchise, with a lot of Bioware style story shoved on top.  I can't be a wizard or a heavy tank or a nimble rogue.  I can only be a swordsman that uses signs.  Which is fine, but it's lacking in a lot of the stuff I look for in RPGs that even more action oriented games like Dark Souls possess.

Also combat that poor in a post Dark Souls world is just silly, even Kingdoms of Amalur had better combat.  A LOT better combat.  Skyrim is just an evolution of a style that had been created before CDPR were even making games.  Fallout 4 improved the combat a lot so hopefully their next game will have better combat, they seem to be fairly rapidly improving gameplay mechanics from game to game.
        Both Witcher and Dark Souls are technically “action RPGs”, or even “action adventure RPGs”, though obviously they’re only superficially similar. 

Your build in Witcher matters more than you might think, especially at higher difficulties. Yeah, you’re always some variation of the “Witcher class”, but those variations determine how you approach combat. In my last playthrough, I largely avoided signs and mostly relied on alchemy to buff Geralt’s swordsmanship. Was pretty fun as a sort of glass cannon. But yeah, most of the actual roleplaying occurs in the dialogue sections, much like a Bioware RPG, or Planescape: Torment even. 

Kingdoms of Amalur is one of those games I wish I could appreciate. The God of War esque combat is neat, but everything else rubbed me the wrong way. 

Fallout 4’s combat is okay. Better than Fallout 3 or NV for sure, but it has many of the same issues action based RPGs have, like limited AI and super spongey enemies.
Yup, I had to force myself to complete Skyrim and never went back to it. On the other hand, Oblivion was amazing.
Dude I even drew out the ending because I knew I’d have a Witcher 3 sized hole in me after
Because timing, positioning and hitboxes literally do provide more layers to combat.. the idea that the controls are unresponsive is just silly.  You want to be able to dodge roll out of every animation, just say that.
    Don't you? Having the character react when you press a button is the premise of video games. From Pong to fighting games. Making the animations clunky and the controls unresponsive is a dumb way to create difficulty. And a good way to get me to put the controller down. W3's combat was a little jank but fair.
        I disagree. Dark souls is not unresponsive. It’s slow. It’s slow so you have to be deliberate. You cannot spam the dodge button to avoid attacks, you have to choose when you want to dodge.
        >W3's combat was a little jank but fair

But it was also frustrating. Heavy attacks are never a good option so you stick to light attacks, except they aren't always the same speed. Sometimes geralt stabs fast, other times he does a spin and takes twice as long, allowing enemies to hit me out of the animation. Dark souls may be slow af, but it is consistent at least.
    I've been playing Dark Souls and movement/combat seems terrible. I don't understand what people are talking about when they say combat is great. Hitboxes are awful, You could dodge the attack, see the weapon miss you but still get killed. Most of the time it's your movement that kills you not the monsters. It's definitely not for people who like more precision movement and less acrobatics (M&B, Mordhau, KC:D, Chivalry)
        Dark Souls felt pretty janky and unfair until I got used to it, but that took me hours and hours and there are still moments that piss me off. I understand why some people try it and hate it because I was very nearly the same way myself. You can't really play it like other games.

You have to play it like Dark Souls; meticulous, patient, observant, etc. It's the only game I've played where you dodge after releasing the button and not immediately when you press it. Actions are basically on a delayed queue so you have to anticipate rather than react. It's very weird.
I love the Souls series but honestly I agree, some boss fights and areas are just utter bullshit and you kind of have to learn to deal with them to get the payoff of the rewarding areas and boss fights. Can definitely see how people would dislike it
It does, and as weird at it is to say after how much I disliked the earlier games I actually like that about it. But as much as I like Kassandra and some of the other characters, the writing in TW3 is just way more interesting to me a lot of the time, which makes me actually care about the side quests instead of just feeling like a lot of them are filler like in ACO ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
plus a multitude of weapons that play differently from on another, builds that actually matter and way better skill trees that unlock actual skills you can use, instead just boosting your stats like just about every upgrade in TW3. I can see why people like TW3 world, characters, music better, but ACO is the superior video game.
I usually call it "Grand Theft Medieval" because beating things up and driving your horse to different activities just gives me that vibe.  Only thing it lacks is a reason to hijack other horses and an over the top police response system.
[deleted]
    Honestly that's where I'm at. I've given this game two chances so far, each shot about 10-20 hours. But now after have watched the TV show, and having gotten into platinum trophy hunting on the PS, I got the whole TW3 bundle for cheap and wanna give it another shot.
        Hope the game finally clicks! Can't recommend it enough and Season 2 of the show makes me want to play it all over again (waiting for next gen update though). 

Just a hint as there's a few missable trophies. Play gwent with every character you meet as soon as possible. Some become unavailable later and you win unique cards from them. You need all gwent cards for a trophy. By everyone I mean people involved in quests, you get generic cards from merchants and you need those too, they just aren't missable.

If you don't play on the hardest difficulty Death March you need to play the game another time over (preferrably in NG+) so you have a second chance if you missed anything. It's kind of hard to recommend doing two playthroughs if you're not sure if you are that into it, but I'd still say it's worth it so you don't spoil the quests that have missable trophies. Just go blind for the first time and then NG+ Death March with a plan for missables. Makes it a lot easier too since you keep your gear and skills.

By the way good on you for getting the expansions too they are absolutely amazing both of them. They should be played after the main story just keep that in mind.
            Thanks for the thoughts and comments!

Any news on when the next gen update is coming? I still have a bit o a backlog to get through, and with Elden Ring coming out seen, I probably won't be starting Witcher for a bit...
                It was delayed from end of 2021 to Q2 2022 so April-June I think. I have a massive backlog too so I didn't mind.

Definitely go through your backlog first and wait for the update since you get it for free anyway!
[deleted]
    [deleted]
If you like fantasy, i do recommend the books first.

I can't say enough about how meh the game was to me before reading the books!

If you're no interested in the books, then yeah. There's a ton of other games to play!
Never really understood this, especially as an excuse for The Witcher 3.

So? Prepare for a wall of text. :)


RPGs have mediocre combat because they focus on roleplaying, that is true, that's because they sacrifice fluidity in favor of giving the player so many options to roleplay with. That includes combat, not just in dialogue.

You always have so many options to bring down opponents to their knees in proper RPGs like every single Elder Scrolls game, Divinity Original Sin 1 & 2, Baldur's Gate 1 2 & 3, Dragon's Dogma, every single Fallout game until 4 & 76, etc. 

Hell, in Morrowind alone, you could use shortswords, longswords, greatswords, daggers, axes, greataxes, pickaxes, clubs and maces, warhammers, tantos, wakizashis, katanas, daikatanas, spears, tridents, crossbows, staves, bows, throwing darts & throwing knives, ninja stars, sabers, claymores, & halberds. 
Each weapon is tied to a certain skill.
And almost every weapon could be used in 3 ways, you could slash, stab or smash. 

Don't even get me started on how much you could utilize magic in combat. You could create thousands of your own unique spells. Potions are a game changer. Both magic and potions can let you walk across water, let you jump really high in the air, turn you invisible, make you randomly explode, boosts up your dodge skill so you could hardly ever get hit in combat, levitate over mountains, use telekinesis, raise the dead, etc.

You could even choose 1 of 10 races to play as, with each choice drastically changing your playstyle.

Morrowind sacrificed fluidity in favor of options.

Yes, options, a major *key* for proper RPGs and something that *The Witcher 3 doesn't have* combat and roleplaying wise, that is.

You are always Geralt. You could only choose what Geralt is thinking of. You are always stuck with a prewritten character, not unlike Nathan Drake, Arthur Morgan, Kratos, Dante, Aloy and Lara Croft. You only have one option to roleplay with character wise. That is hellishly *detrimental* to role-playing, but good for storytelling.

Does that belong in an RPG? Of course not. Only Mass Effect pulled off a pre-written character in an RPG well.

I don't expect it to be done well again.

Now, gameplay-wise:

You always use two swords, two attacks (and both of them function exactly the same), one steel and one silver, along with a crossbow that barely even works, a couple bombs, and you only have 5 spells that all act very similarly which each other especially with Igni and Aard. Throughout the whole game, about 100 hours long, you are playing the same exact way. You would be playing the exact way if you restarted the game all over again.

Slash, slash, dodge, Aard.

Slash, big slash, dodge, roll, Yrden.

Axii, slash, slash. 

Slash, crossbow, miss, slash, slash, Igni.

Whirly slash, slash, slash, Quen.

Very little opportunities to truly roleplay in combat.

Very little options in general.

So, The Witcher 3 got rid of fluidity in favor of... *what exactly?* It couldn't be options, as you can clearly tell. 

Could it be.. good visual environment design? A phenomenal soundtrack? Good writing?

Dark Souls has all 5. And the level design is actually good.

Granted, I do agree that Dark Souls is straddling the line between ARPG and RPG, but it still has the fundamentals of an RPG. 

Options.

Customization.

Variety.

You could still customize yourself and insert yourself into the grim world of Lordran as whoever you wish to be. You could even choose your own background.

Are you... a Noble Knight, the juggernaut of the medieval battlefield, clad in thick steel armor that can shrug off the harshest of blows?

Are you... a Barbarian, armed with an axe that could break through shields as if they were sheets of cardboard and cleaving through small groups of enemies with a single swing?

Are you... a Thief, sneaking through the dark depths and dodging the most powerful attacks gracefully as if you are Serpico from Berserk?

Are you... a Wizard, vaporizing enemies from afar with blasts of pure arcane magic, ranging from swords made up of pure magic, to mini magic darts, to gigantic bolts equivalent to Dragon Ball Z's *KAMEHAMEHAAAA?*

Are you... a Pyromancer, able to train your flesh to withstand the intense, blistering heat of a large flaming fireball, right before you incinerate a crowd of enemies?

Are you... a Cleric, healing you and your helpful summons with your heavenly trinkets through the power of jolly cooperation?

On top of that, you can interact with NPCs in the world and decide their fates on a whim. 

Do you help Sigmeyer of Catarina find his daughter or you do let him die in the murky, fiery depths of the lost Izalith?
You do you kill him the moment you see him? Maybe even in front of his own kin, right after their little reunion, just to make the world feel a little bit *darker?*

Do you praise the sun alongside Solaire, as he is giving expressing gratitude to the one thing that is giving him hope in this *hellish* world, or do you let him suffer as a parasite corrupts him, rendering him of all the joy he once had?

Do you try to kill the Crestfallen Knight as he is mocking you, or do you prove him wrong and *destroy* the one thing that is keeping him from hollowing him, leaving him to roam Firelink Shrine as a wrinkly husk that attavjs everything it sees?

Do you link the flame, continuing the everlasting destruction that Gwyn has brought unto the world in his quest to *stop* fate *itself?*

Or do you *smother it?*

To spare you, I won't even get started on the weapons, but here's one thing I could tell you about them:

Most of the weapons found in Dark Souls have their own specific moveset. Each moveset works better in some situations more than others. 

A dagger would be more quick and easier to backstab with, but it would be much harder to stun an armored enemy. Perfect for singling out enemies.

A warhammer would be much slower to swing, but could be swung around to hit every enemy around you and knock down the armored enemies. Perfect for crowd control.

And, aside from those two kinds of weapons, there are several more kinds you could use, as opposed to The Witcher 3's 1 kind of weapon, a sword, with only 3 attacks. Light attack, heavy (slower light attack), and whirly attack.

To say Dark Souls isn't an RPG and The Witcher 3 is, frankly, absurd. The Witcher 3 is a Schrödinger's RPG, maybe, but not a proper one.


Now do you see why I'm skeptical about people using "The Witcher 3 has bad combat because it focuses on roleplaying more than combat" when it clearly doesn't do anything well mechanically in *both* combat and roleplaying? 

Literally the only meaningful perk you could get in The Witcher 3 that you could roleplay with and use narratively is the Delusion perk. 3 points into that and you practically win the game.

No interesting roleplaying opportunities with one dialogue related skill as opposed to New Vegas's 13 skills.

The only things that The Witcher 3 has done exceptionally well are:

Traditional storytelling and writing. (Hearts of Stone had phenomenal writing with every sense of the word.)

Atmosphere. (The atmosphere is perfect.)

Graphics, visuals and artstyle. (Game looks really good even in today's standards. Artstyle makes it timeless.)

Environmental storytelling. (Puts Skyrim's environmental storytelling to shame, and Bethesda is known for being really good with this sort of thing.)

The soundtrack (I love the soundtrack, man.).


*But not roleplaying.* (I could find better roleplaying in Fallout 76.)

I really hope you understand what I was getting at, because I've heard way too many excuses for this game over the past 6 years.

The Witcher 3 is a really, really, *really* good game for what it does, but way too many people tend to feign ignorance and I *sincerly hope* hope you won't be one of those people.
    I agree with 99% of what you said and being railroaded into a choice geralt would make is really irritating in many aspects. But at the same time, the Witcher would still have more story based choices than most dark souls games. And I only mean the third Witcher. Witcher 2 basically splits into two entirely different story lines depending entirely on your choices.

I say when it comes to player choice, souls games have the Witcher beat without a doubt. But story wise the Witcher is the winner.

My original point was that there's no way dark souls is MORE of an rpg than the Witcher because they tackle very different aspects of the rpg genre.

Skyrim and dark souls are about player choice. Witcher and Mass effect are about story choice with very little combat variety.

JRPGs are something I'll never get because idk how pokemon or Final fantasy are RPGs in but that's just me.

I'd say the only rpg I've played that has just as much player choice as there is story based choices would be the Outer Worlds. I played it, loved it, felt like Fallout 4 combat with actual story consequences with Stat based role playing that affected combat and story. But people hated it so maybe idk what an rpg is.
It's called "Alternative Movement" in the options menu. It's a big improvement and ~~should have become the default IMO.~~ apparently is the default now!
    I’ll have to look into it. Quit after 15 minutes because I kept flicking candles instead of opening a door or talking to an NPC.
        [deleted]
            [https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749)

Only ignites if Igni sign is primed.
                70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
            Does candle flicking play an important role later in the game? Like to illuminate a message on a wall or something?
                Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
                    Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
                There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
        Try to use the "walk" function when in tight quarters with many candles/crates too. It works **really** well to reduce the accidental misuses.
        Man I'm playing it on Switch and I hate that so much.
        [There is even a in-game joke about it in the second DLC.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k26ejKx4uX8)
In almost any game a 33%+ damage buff for free would be considered great.
    How many games let you just infinitely dodge and parry then just slap shit to death with light attacks?
        To be fair, every fight scene in the books is described as Geralt pirouetting a bunch and then winning, so at least it's authentic.
            Yep. Thats how Geralt fights so i don't get the complaints.
        Add in upgraded Quen and you're dancing your way through everything...
    Not every game approaches the +33% damage buff with the same tedium as TW3.
    Except it's not free, it does require time investment both to make sure you have the mats rather than selling them as well as creating and using the oils.

Considering it's usually a 3 hits rather than 5-6 scenario usually the extra hits require less investment.
I just used a mod that applied them automatically.  Having to go into the inventory every time I wanted them got pretty tedious.
    Man, I was thinking that it would be cool if after starting to fight a monster, or at least killing the first one in a group, it would be able to figure out which oil to auto-apply...  
Then I went and googled the auto-oil mod, and turns out, that's exactly what it does at the start of combat! (scans the mobs nearby, and picks the most suitable oil)  


Whenever I get around to playing Witcher 3, I fear that I'll fall into my Skyrim routine (installing mods for a couple of days, and then dropping the game after a few hours of playtime)
That’s no different from an armour that helps deflect one hit.

Or recoil reduction.

Game upgrades and abilities all do the same kind of stuff. Don’t want a mod that makes it do like 75% damage.
    Witcher 3 is still full of miniscule upgrades. I played Cyberpunk 2077 which is very similar to the Witcher 3 and I can compare that to Deus Ex Human Revolution(from 2011). 

In Deus Ex HR these are equal uses of 2 skill points: 
* Remove all recoil(while standing still)
* Remove inaccuracy from moving while firing by 50%
* Punch through (specific) walls and move heavy objects(vending machines)
* Immunity to gas grenades
* eliminate fall damage, with the option to stun enemies when landing
* actual X-ray vision
* Hacking level 2 out of 5

In Witcher and Cyberpunk skill options are full of +15% damage on fast attacks or +25% armor when blocking using heavy armor or each point gives your 10% resistance to negative effects of your own potions.

Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.
        Deus Ex Human Revolution is a totally different style of game though.

A true 10/10 as well.
            It warms my heart to hear people describe DE:HR as 10/10. I make sure I have at least 1 annual playthrough.
        I mean that's the difference between Perks and Talents.

Talent systems are most of the time small increases like an mmo might have or something like path of exile, a perk system is like Skyrim.
        > 
> 
> 
> 
> Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.

It would be pretty shitty if each skill point gave you 75% increased damage/damage reduction and you got 50 points ... especially if the enemies don't scale like that.

Far more interesting to have it scale to a smaller degree. Most praised RPGs work the same way.

D&D, Mass Effect, WoW (back in the day), Ultima etc etc
            Of course it's a different kind of game, but even for that kind of game it feels like your character is already competent in most things and has only to improve in. 

Old WoW is a good comparison to Witcher 3 on second look(take almost all skills that say "ability x"), but my current gripe is definitely with cyberpunk that has fantastic duds like "reduce falling damage by 5/10/20%", "don't get detected in water" or a number of like "3/6/9% damage increase with weapon type" when skills exist that increase headshot damage for all weapons by 50% for 1 skill point or 20/30% more headshot damage with weapon type.
            WoW talent trees were massively overhauled and radically improved when they got away from that.
                Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
    Quen is next tier op what you on?
Bruh you must be playing on easy mode this is just a straight up lie
They're only really needed on death march
    I can confirm they are not needed on Death March. The only thing that would make them needed is to carefully level so that you don't end up over leveling content. Which would mean skipping a good number of quests.
Play it. It is a free [mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/953/).
Yeah the combat mechanics themselves aren’t that great, but the whole research and prep loop is amazing for roleplaying as a Witcher, and it shortens combat time, so it’s just a win win
    >research and prep loop is amazing

The game

>open menu, scroll and hunt for the enemy type you're against, look at weakness, go to other menus, select said weakness

Wow I really feel like a witcher, prepping for a hard fight and relying on diligent research.
        I haven’t played the game in a while, but that’s not how I remember my experience at all. I remember having to find books and talk to townspeople to fill out the bestiary entry for the monster I was going to go up against and also gathering the ingredients to make the appropriate potions and oils before going hunting. I’m a role player so that was more than enough to get me engaged as a Witcher
I'll say, if the combat in 3 was a turn off, 1 and 2 are going to be really hard to get into.
The goddamn flamethrower ability and puppet abilities are just the best. I love using them.
played on normal, the final boss was literally me pressing r1 on repeat.  


I had trouble beating the other big bosses (no spoiler) and also had actual fun vs the ending boss of heart of stone.   


Rest of the game i never bothered to learn anything, i just spammed... it's the main reason i don't replay it. I love the game, but like rdr2 i just DREAD playing through it again   


I might do it on easy tho... maybe on a new pc, it's just so good.
Barely used it myself so don’t stress too much about that
Oh good! I had forgotten what the username was!
Yeah, the "tutorial" battle was hella difficult for some reason.

Reminds me of... was it Driver? or Driver San Francisco?

Basically it was a driving game, and one of the early tutorials was to do a slalom between columns, in a garage area I believe.

My brother and I were stuck FOREVER on that area of the game, not even sure if we ever actually beat it.

&#x200B;

On a side note, the very beginning of Witcher 2, the night time dock by the water was SOOO beautiful, the graphics felt unreal at the time of release.
    Ha, spent hours on "tutorial" of Driver. It's even worse if you are just a kid that never read any English :D Just trial and error
The first season is based on the first two books which were collections of short stories. The second issue is those three storylines did not all happen at the same time. Yennefer was trained long before she ever met Geralt. She was born in 1173 and finished training in 1186. Jaskier/Dandelion was born in 1229. So that kinda can help you line things up. Jaskier and Geralt meet in 1248, the same year they meet Yennefer, only 5 years before ciri is born in 1253 The episode with the dragon is in 1253 as well. And from there the timeline of the show largely syncs up. The Slaughter of Cintra and the battle of Sodden Hill both happen in 1263.

I really hope that helps make sense of it. There's more stories and details but that's the short version
    I really don’t know why they didn’t post the time frame when it jumped back and forth. Like how hard would it be to post the years like you did. I knew it jumped around but had no idea it was that large of a gap
The first season of the show was...not actually easy at all to understand with all the time skipping back and forth, actually, so maybe it isn't the best place to start. The second season was better!
    First season gets much better on rewatch, knowing the time differences going in.
1 was very difficult to get into, ended up watching a youtube that cut the game like a movie. Played though 2 which I absolutely loved and then got into 3. One of the first times I was so emotionally invested in a story I had to take a break, ad that was one of the first side quests!
It's like the card game "war". So little depth - my numbers are bigger than your numbers, I win.   

"Ah yes, but do you play your big numbers earlier or later"?  

"It doesn't matter. All my numbers are bigger".
    It's zugzwang, the game. With few exceptions (e.g. surgical scorches and the obligatory opening with a weird spy/dummy carousel) , ideal play is to not do anything the entire match then spam your weathers, horns, hand holding units, ruler powers, etc after your opponent has burned all of theirs. The game forces you to play a card so you play "starving conscript" to stall
“Aren’t you the Witcher who butchered all those people and who we are conditioned to hate?”
“Yes.”
“Oh, well, I’m the best Gwent player around, fancy a game?”
    [deleted]
        I suppose that's true - the game has some different takes on the characters compared to the book(s).
    Some guy: "Screw you, get the hell out of my establishment"

Geralt: "How about a round of Gwent"

Some guy: *nods head in agreement*

I just love some of the people you can choose to play Gwent with.
I love it, the feeling of winning Gwent is really nice. The random decks NPCs will have makes each a different type of challenge, forcing you to figure out a way to beat their lineup. It’s not a complex game in terms of goal (get your  numbers up as high as you can) but it was nice to figure out which cards should be used when and where.
Oh *god* Dice Poker was atrocious
Caravan is not intuitive to learn but it's a much better game than Gwent, imo.
    I'm not a fan of pure card games, I prefer my games to have a theme, even if superficial. Maybe I would've liked Caravan more if they made an effort and themed it like Gwent. I mean, it already has the building-a-caravan theme, it wouldn't be too hard to paint the cards as raiders, brahmin, traders and whatnot without changing the mechanics. It'd probably help with the learning, too - it's easier to remember that e.g. a Bandit removes cards rather than Jack, and illustrations are easier to recognize than classic card faces.
Oh FUCK caravan.
I thought it was perfectly cromulent.
    Insubordinate and churlish
        Tim-o-thee?
            Hey guys, I gotta go. I'm late for chess club.
                You look like you need a chest club.
It *insists* upon itself.
Perhaps...
[deleted]
I miss the beta of this game. The new one is much worse imho. The beta they released had a nice balance, I played it a LOT.
>The only real strategy involved is how many cards you hold between round

Guess you got basically nowhere with the deckbuilding? There's a lot you can do with weather, decoys, spies, buffs, medics etc.

One of the more fun tricks is to disable your own units with weather, play a strong combo like those two siege engines, and clear the weather at the last moment. For bonus points you can scorch the opponent's combo before clearing the weather.

Although eventually the meta kind of does settle into "whoever has more spies wins", especially if you play against Nilfgaard. And also, the AI is rather easy to trick, but that's AI for you...
    Whoever thought spies were a good idea needs to be shot. It's card game 101 that you don't have cards that cycle themselves for 0 cost and give an advantage on top of that.
        I think it's just the 0 cost unmovable hero that is OP, the other spies are giving the opponent something and they can return them via decoy, too. But the Golden 0 spy is less of a card and more of an instant tempo advantage cheat. No counterplay at all.
            You're mad. All the spies are insanely broken. Sure you give them 5 points or so, but you get to draw 2 cards that will generate 10+ points each.
I really enjoy Skyrim modded to be that, but I accept that I'm weird and most people don't want that. With the right stuff it's like The Long Dark with monsters and quests.

Also, do Witchers sleep? I thought that was one of their mutations, that they don't necessarily need to or at least don't need nearly as much as the rest of us.
    Afaik Geralt sleeps normally. I'd assume he maybe can stay awake longer than normal humans, but not by that much. Biologically he is still mostly human, just somewhat beyond peak human.

I don't enjoy it in games due to the world size and time scaling. If you need to sleep every ingme day, it's too often and becomes a boring routine. If you need to sleep too little, it barely has an effect on gameplays and you feel superhuman. It's hard to get the balance right.

But camping in Skyrim, ideally with the mods that add severe weather effects etc., that's occasionally fun. I once froze to death desperately trying to chop firewood, and that was a fun experience.
I don’t get that comment. I never searched a single guide on gwent. You just find cards and get better over the course of the game. Pretty simple. Some of the Ps1 era final fantasy card games were more complex.
    Oh man I loved Triple Triad. But Gwent never stuck with me. Felt it was too R/P/S and super simple to the point of being boring.
        I can still hear the music for Triple Triad. Good times.
        I enjoyed gwent. Not gonna lie. But it was most definitely super basic. Loved triple triad as well.
    Triple FUCKING Triad and its associated bullshit literally made me hate FF 8.
[deleted]
    Card games *really* aren't my thing either, which just made me love Gwent more because it was like *finally* a card game I can follow and actually enjoy!

I'm not saying I knew how to play immediately, got my ass handed to me a good few times before I'd nailed down an actual winnable strategy, but holding stronger cards back strategically only to have them play perfectly into your plan in the final round is so satisfying.
Screw that questline. Had my ass/donkey with me in the room straightup ugly cry.  What also compacted it was frustration from the spooky bois attacking.  Love the series and books but that was awful. @.@
Do you play games to put you to sleep? I hate this no HUD trend. I want info, and I want content, not wandering on a horse
    I had no idea this was a trend now, it’s just immersive.

And why would you avoid info and content? You’re playing as a real witcher, arriving in a village, learning of a monster, finding ways/potions to kill it. Or as a real outlaw. Just without the dissonance of the main quest urging you on.

As for not liking the travel part, the better part of the games market is games that allow you to score/kill/jump/collect without riding a horse or travelling and immersing you in a world. I’m not too excited by those anymore. Maybe there’s a place for both things.
    Cool then keep it enabled, no one's forcing you to turn it off...lol
So the games are so good that you can have fun just doing nothing but traveling around? But only if you define "just traveling around" as "actually playing the game and not just wandering".

Also no, they aren't. From someone's who's 100% completed both, multiple times. The games are exceptionally boring to just travel around. Red dead is prettier to do that with by far, so there's that, but to actually just walk/ride around and nothing else? That's the cure for insomnia.
    Disagreed. Love wandering around
I still plan it! I just have to ignore the fact, that relearning it will have some bad consequences in the game, that I can't really avoid. Maybe I'll just veeeery cautiously try to get into it again by hunting or something like that, to just relearn the mechanics. Maybe somewhere at the edge of the map, where it doesn't have too much impact.
    Did you ever end up finishing it?(thoughts?)



Edit: no idea why my flair is that game out of everything lol
        Still want to, especially after finding out it runs great on my steamdeck. But first I have to finish Elden Ring, which my friends made me finally start too...
I thought it also changed other facts than only the exact location, I think some reactions of people and especially bounties were not reset by loading the old save. Also, if the location differs, it's not a true manual save, is it? So yeah, I at least didn't fully understand the manual save system. If it would fully reset the game to an earlier state, I should be fine to get back into the game.
Very good explanation! That makes sense and solidly explains, why I got into one and not the other.
[deleted]
... And you seldom buy stuff in that game anyways. Felt like I pretty much just spent my money on clothes or customizing my gun, lol.
[deleted]
However the witcher sets will all be out levelled. Because loot progresses with your level where as the witcher sets don't.

I've spent and entire evening killing cows to craft the grandmaster feline set, and then bam,  random sword that drops was better stats.

I was over levelled because I spend a lot of time on the side quests.
    witcher really isn't designed to be played like that but it encourages you to go out and explore. it's a weird mismatch.   

also fyi the witcher sets have cumulative power effects and are cumulatively better than stuff even 5 levels above them. or just download a mod that auto levels the witcher set to your level which is what i did
I’d call it “Earthy.” I’ve never played a game that felt earthy before.
    Gothic 1&2 do earthy so much better.
When you described Eurojank I immediately thought of the Chernobyl games.

I watched a lot of reviews when Cyberpunk came out hoping someone would mention the tone or “feel” of the game world besides it falling apart every ten seconds. I’m not sure the gaming media has picked up on why it was so important for Witcher. But I’m glad you at least said it’s right and I’ll have that to look forward to in ten years when the game is fixed.
This is a good analysis of the story. A similar example of this is the Mass Effect trilogy because all of the subplots wind up being mostly inconsequential to the ending, although the trilogy does have a more cohesive plot than TW3.

I disagree a little bit about "nothing building," because there are plot threads that build up to finding Ciri and it does a decent job of that. Ignoring the final act, this is really the main objective of the game, and even though the individual acts are all pretty standalone they do tie into the search for Ciri in a way that is satisfying to me.

But you're spot on in the sense that it's more like an episodic game with a whole bunch of side stories and then a pretty much unrelated overarching plot in the form of the Wild Hunt, which is unfortunately the weakest and most under-developed story in the game.
To be fair that's mostly what the book series is like- Geralt and his friends going on adventures around the globe as they search for Ciri, more or less.
> What you end up with is a handful of set pieces that don't have much impact/bearing on one another, and then in the 'end game' chapter it's always the same just with NPC's swapped out depending on your choices.

That was my biggest gripe, too. It'd be less of a problem if the world and the marketing hadn't promised interactivity that would never be delivered. Instead, it's just a slightly better Ubisoft game.

So many missed opportunities, though. Some minor tweaking would have allowed for a much more dynamic main storyline, and it's so irritating that they sacrificed that interactivity to railroad players through one specific outcome. It's basically a JRPG in disguise.
[deleted]
    > maybe they were afraid that many players would not come back through that village and would not realize what happened. I bet that's why they decided to do it in such a forced way.

And what's weird about _that_ is that the way the described it pre-release sounded like they were doubling down on the more long-term way of doing it. In reality, I think they just didn't have time to do the more complex version and so went with that simpler, identical cut-scene every time.

>Still, when I compare it to what I saw at the time in most other open world games, Witcher 3 still managed to set up a much nicer illusion of a "real" world. But ultimately it is always an illusion, and if you look closely you will always find the cracks. For me, Witcher 3 was the game (at least until that point in time) that best hid most of them.

That's fair. It's the best of a group of games that have aged very poorly since Breath of the Wild released. 

As for NPCs, the only ones that I think actually work in these games are those in Bethesda's titles. For all their flaws - and, dear lord, do they have a terrifying list of flaws - the ability to have a named NPC with a distinct backstory and personality (kind of) traipse across Skyrim with you and then _find their own way home_ when you part ways is basically untouchable in modern gaming. They don't have the depth or detail that later games - including Witcher 3 - allowed for, but they interact with the world in the same way as the player does, and that makes such a big difference.
Sounds like you just don't like the game at all 

The last point is not even valid, anything less than death march and you rarely need to even change your sword.

On my recent play through I think I'm 10 hours in and have changed my sword once, only because it was part of a set.
In short you either play as the unstoppable geralt of rivia, superhuman Witcher and monster slayer extraordinaire, or on death March, you have to *be* him to succeed
Yea, effective sign use is important tho
Are you asking me if I think it reflects negatively on a game that was released I don't even know how many times without fixing some stuff that fans fixed years ago in their spare time?

If you're asking that, then yes I think it reflects negatively on Skyrim.
    Good. You're at least consistent. 👍
They can have an opinion but they've only played the tutorial area of an 100 hour game. White Orchard is quite basic if I remember correctly and not really representative of the entire game.
it's like critiquing a JRPG after 10-20 hours of gameplay. the game will have only introduced basic mechanics to you and maybe one set piece boss. there is no way to gauge what the game will eventually turn out to be since the good stuff is paced to be around 40 hours in and the emotional payoff will be 70-80 hours in   

that's one thing i enjoyed about witcher 3, all the good content wasn't front loaded in the first 5 hours along with the tutorial. any review that stops at 5 hours without even leaving white orchard is like someone critiquing a movie after they've seen the opening credits and the cast walking into frame.
I got, that this was debated a lot, also here in this thread, but for me, subjectively, all of the Bethesda RPGs have better gameplay, if you're talking about that style of modern open world RPG. Maybe I'm used to it since being addicted to Morrowind.

But when talking about RPGs in general: All of the old isometric ones, like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment and the king of current RPG: Disco Elysium. The Dungeon Master style RPGs with the Grimrock 1& 2 renaissance also felt a lot more RPGish to me and I got along better with their gameplay.

&#x200B;

edit and PS: For me RPG means reading and getting into the world, doing everything at my pace. The isometric RPGs and the dungeon master style ones are a lot slower and allow for that style of playing. The elder scrolls games are in a totally different style, but they are SO free in what you do, that I could find my own pace. The witcher is more of an actiongame, but it still forces you to a certain amount of speed and to follow the story more closely than the elder scrolls allow, so for me, it works a lot differently - when talking about the RPG perspective.
    Fair. But I honestly can’t see how Skyrim gameplay is better then the Witcher. 

I would put them on par. 

They both have magic you throw out. 

You have basic sword animations. 

One if first and the other isn’t
        What the other guy says: skyrim supports far more combat styles, especially stealth, summoning minions and archery, which are my usual ways of fighting, and witcher offers none of them. Also magic is far less than I imagined and which most RPGs also offer more. 

The style fits to the world and the atmosphere, it connects pretty well, but there are far less ways to fight in the witcher than in skyrim for example. Also it feels more clunky, but that might be a personal thing, because again, I played every Bethesda RPG out there, so I'm just really used to it. The inventory in skyrim is ridiculous due to the console compatibility, just to mention one example, but it didn't turn me off enough that the game didn't work for me. 


And wow, witcher fans are raging.... Because I'm listing RPGs in a thread about RPGs?
        Skyrim combat is just way more fun and gives you way more options. You can be a stealth archer, you can use a sword with shield, you can use illusion to make enemies fight each other, you can sneak around and hit people with a dagger, you can summon creatures to fight for you, etc. Even though its not very polished its just way more fun than dodging and using one of 4 spells.
Not disagreeing. There is cooldown on attacks though. (bow being the exception) What else do you feel they should have done out of interest? I just play normally and dont cheese it. Not as if the combat in flat screen was ever amazing.
I would call TW3 more of an action / adventure than an RPG.  The RPG elements are too half-baked and undercooked to really matter that much.  I wouldn't really put it in the same conversation as Skyrim, it's much more like Assassin's Creed or another open world franchise, with a lot of Bioware style story shoved on top.  I can't be a wizard or a heavy tank or a nimble rogue.  I can only be a swordsman that uses signs.  Which is fine, but it's lacking in a lot of the stuff I look for in RPGs that even more action oriented games like Dark Souls possess.

Also combat that poor in a post Dark Souls world is just silly, even Kingdoms of Amalur had better combat.  A LOT better combat.  Skyrim is just an evolution of a style that had been created before CDPR were even making games.  Fallout 4 improved the combat a lot so hopefully their next game will have better combat, they seem to be fairly rapidly improving gameplay mechanics from game to game.
    Both Witcher and Dark Souls are technically “action RPGs”, or even “action adventure RPGs”, though obviously they’re only superficially similar. 

Your build in Witcher matters more than you might think, especially at higher difficulties. Yeah, you’re always some variation of the “Witcher class”, but those variations determine how you approach combat. In my last playthrough, I largely avoided signs and mostly relied on alchemy to buff Geralt’s swordsmanship. Was pretty fun as a sort of glass cannon. But yeah, most of the actual roleplaying occurs in the dialogue sections, much like a Bioware RPG, or Planescape: Torment even. 

Kingdoms of Amalur is one of those games I wish I could appreciate. The God of War esque combat is neat, but everything else rubbed me the wrong way. 

Fallout 4’s combat is okay. Better than Fallout 3 or NV for sure, but it has many of the same issues action based RPGs have, like limited AI and super spongey enemies.
Don't you? Having the character react when you press a button is the premise of video games. From Pong to fighting games. Making the animations clunky and the controls unresponsive is a dumb way to create difficulty. And a good way to get me to put the controller down. W3's combat was a little jank but fair.
    I disagree. Dark souls is not unresponsive. It’s slow. It’s slow so you have to be deliberate. You cannot spam the dodge button to avoid attacks, you have to choose when you want to dodge.
    >W3's combat was a little jank but fair

But it was also frustrating. Heavy attacks are never a good option so you stick to light attacks, except they aren't always the same speed. Sometimes geralt stabs fast, other times he does a spin and takes twice as long, allowing enemies to hit me out of the animation. Dark souls may be slow af, but it is consistent at least.
I've been playing Dark Souls and movement/combat seems terrible. I don't understand what people are talking about when they say combat is great. Hitboxes are awful, You could dodge the attack, see the weapon miss you but still get killed. Most of the time it's your movement that kills you not the monsters. It's definitely not for people who like more precision movement and less acrobatics (M&B, Mordhau, KC:D, Chivalry)
    Dark Souls felt pretty janky and unfair until I got used to it, but that took me hours and hours and there are still moments that piss me off. I understand why some people try it and hate it because I was very nearly the same way myself. You can't really play it like other games.

You have to play it like Dark Souls; meticulous, patient, observant, etc. It's the only game I've played where you dodge after releasing the button and not immediately when you press it. Actions are basically on a delayed queue so you have to anticipate rather than react. It's very weird.
Honestly that's where I'm at. I've given this game two chances so far, each shot about 10-20 hours. But now after have watched the TV show, and having gotten into platinum trophy hunting on the PS, I got the whole TW3 bundle for cheap and wanna give it another shot.
    Hope the game finally clicks! Can't recommend it enough and Season 2 of the show makes me want to play it all over again (waiting for next gen update though). 

Just a hint as there's a few missable trophies. Play gwent with every character you meet as soon as possible. Some become unavailable later and you win unique cards from them. You need all gwent cards for a trophy. By everyone I mean people involved in quests, you get generic cards from merchants and you need those too, they just aren't missable.

If you don't play on the hardest difficulty Death March you need to play the game another time over (preferrably in NG+) so you have a second chance if you missed anything. It's kind of hard to recommend doing two playthroughs if you're not sure if you are that into it, but I'd still say it's worth it so you don't spoil the quests that have missable trophies. Just go blind for the first time and then NG+ Death March with a plan for missables. Makes it a lot easier too since you keep your gear and skills.

By the way good on you for getting the expansions too they are absolutely amazing both of them. They should be played after the main story just keep that in mind.
        Thanks for the thoughts and comments!

Any news on when the next gen update is coming? I still have a bit o a backlog to get through, and with Elden Ring coming out seen, I probably won't be starting Witcher for a bit...
            It was delayed from end of 2021 to Q2 2022 so April-June I think. I have a massive backlog too so I didn't mind.

Definitely go through your backlog first and wait for the update since you get it for free anyway!
[deleted]
I agree with 99% of what you said and being railroaded into a choice geralt would make is really irritating in many aspects. But at the same time, the Witcher would still have more story based choices than most dark souls games. And I only mean the third Witcher. Witcher 2 basically splits into two entirely different story lines depending entirely on your choices.

I say when it comes to player choice, souls games have the Witcher beat without a doubt. But story wise the Witcher is the winner.

My original point was that there's no way dark souls is MORE of an rpg than the Witcher because they tackle very different aspects of the rpg genre.

Skyrim and dark souls are about player choice. Witcher and Mass effect are about story choice with very little combat variety.

JRPGs are something I'll never get because idk how pokemon or Final fantasy are RPGs in but that's just me.

I'd say the only rpg I've played that has just as much player choice as there is story based choices would be the Outer Worlds. I played it, loved it, felt like Fallout 4 combat with actual story consequences with Stat based role playing that affected combat and story. But people hated it so maybe idk what an rpg is.
I’ll have to look into it. Quit after 15 minutes because I kept flicking candles instead of opening a door or talking to an NPC.
    [deleted]
        [https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749)

Only ignites if Igni sign is primed.
            70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
        Does candle flicking play an important role later in the game? Like to illuminate a message on a wall or something?
            Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
                Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
            There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
    Try to use the "walk" function when in tight quarters with many candles/crates too. It works **really** well to reduce the accidental misuses.
    Man I'm playing it on Switch and I hate that so much.
    [There is even a in-game joke about it in the second DLC.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k26ejKx4uX8)
How many games let you just infinitely dodge and parry then just slap shit to death with light attacks?
    To be fair, every fight scene in the books is described as Geralt pirouetting a bunch and then winning, so at least it's authentic.
        Yep. Thats how Geralt fights so i don't get the complaints.
    Add in upgraded Quen and you're dancing your way through everything...
Not every game approaches the +33% damage buff with the same tedium as TW3.
Except it's not free, it does require time investment both to make sure you have the mats rather than selling them as well as creating and using the oils.

Considering it's usually a 3 hits rather than 5-6 scenario usually the extra hits require less investment.
Man, I was thinking that it would be cool if after starting to fight a monster, or at least killing the first one in a group, it would be able to figure out which oil to auto-apply...  
Then I went and googled the auto-oil mod, and turns out, that's exactly what it does at the start of combat! (scans the mobs nearby, and picks the most suitable oil)  


Whenever I get around to playing Witcher 3, I fear that I'll fall into my Skyrim routine (installing mods for a couple of days, and then dropping the game after a few hours of playtime)
Witcher 3 is still full of miniscule upgrades. I played Cyberpunk 2077 which is very similar to the Witcher 3 and I can compare that to Deus Ex Human Revolution(from 2011). 

In Deus Ex HR these are equal uses of 2 skill points: 
* Remove all recoil(while standing still)
* Remove inaccuracy from moving while firing by 50%
* Punch through (specific) walls and move heavy objects(vending machines)
* Immunity to gas grenades
* eliminate fall damage, with the option to stun enemies when landing
* actual X-ray vision
* Hacking level 2 out of 5

In Witcher and Cyberpunk skill options are full of +15% damage on fast attacks or +25% armor when blocking using heavy armor or each point gives your 10% resistance to negative effects of your own potions.

Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.
    Deus Ex Human Revolution is a totally different style of game though.

A true 10/10 as well.
        It warms my heart to hear people describe DE:HR as 10/10. I make sure I have at least 1 annual playthrough.
    I mean that's the difference between Perks and Talents.

Talent systems are most of the time small increases like an mmo might have or something like path of exile, a perk system is like Skyrim.
    > 
> 
> 
> 
> Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.

It would be pretty shitty if each skill point gave you 75% increased damage/damage reduction and you got 50 points ... especially if the enemies don't scale like that.

Far more interesting to have it scale to a smaller degree. Most praised RPGs work the same way.

D&D, Mass Effect, WoW (back in the day), Ultima etc etc
        Of course it's a different kind of game, but even for that kind of game it feels like your character is already competent in most things and has only to improve in. 

Old WoW is a good comparison to Witcher 3 on second look(take almost all skills that say "ability x"), but my current gripe is definitely with cyberpunk that has fantastic duds like "reduce falling damage by 5/10/20%", "don't get detected in water" or a number of like "3/6/9% damage increase with weapon type" when skills exist that increase headshot damage for all weapons by 50% for 1 skill point or 20/30% more headshot damage with weapon type.
        WoW talent trees were massively overhauled and radically improved when they got away from that.
            Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
Quen is next tier op what you on?
I can confirm they are not needed on Death March. The only thing that would make them needed is to carefully level so that you don't end up over leveling content. Which would mean skipping a good number of quests.
>research and prep loop is amazing

The game

>open menu, scroll and hunt for the enemy type you're against, look at weakness, go to other menus, select said weakness

Wow I really feel like a witcher, prepping for a hard fight and relying on diligent research.
    I haven’t played the game in a while, but that’s not how I remember my experience at all. I remember having to find books and talk to townspeople to fill out the bestiary entry for the monster I was going to go up against and also gathering the ingredients to make the appropriate potions and oils before going hunting. I’m a role player so that was more than enough to get me engaged as a Witcher
Ha, spent hours on "tutorial" of Driver. It's even worse if you are just a kid that never read any English :D Just trial and error
I really don’t know why they didn’t post the time frame when it jumped back and forth. Like how hard would it be to post the years like you did. I knew it jumped around but had no idea it was that large of a gap
First season gets much better on rewatch, knowing the time differences going in.
It's zugzwang, the game. With few exceptions (e.g. surgical scorches and the obligatory opening with a weird spy/dummy carousel) , ideal play is to not do anything the entire match then spam your weathers, horns, hand holding units, ruler powers, etc after your opponent has burned all of theirs. The game forces you to play a card so you play "starving conscript" to stall
[deleted]
    I suppose that's true - the game has some different takes on the characters compared to the book(s).
Some guy: "Screw you, get the hell out of my establishment"

Geralt: "How about a round of Gwent"

Some guy: *nods head in agreement*

I just love some of the people you can choose to play Gwent with.
I'm not a fan of pure card games, I prefer my games to have a theme, even if superficial. Maybe I would've liked Caravan more if they made an effort and themed it like Gwent. I mean, it already has the building-a-caravan theme, it wouldn't be too hard to paint the cards as raiders, brahmin, traders and whatnot without changing the mechanics. It'd probably help with the learning, too - it's easier to remember that e.g. a Bandit removes cards rather than Jack, and illustrations are easier to recognize than classic card faces.
Insubordinate and churlish
    Tim-o-thee?
        Hey guys, I gotta go. I'm late for chess club.
            You look like you need a chest club.
Whoever thought spies were a good idea needs to be shot. It's card game 101 that you don't have cards that cycle themselves for 0 cost and give an advantage on top of that.
    I think it's just the 0 cost unmovable hero that is OP, the other spies are giving the opponent something and they can return them via decoy, too. But the Golden 0 spy is less of a card and more of an instant tempo advantage cheat. No counterplay at all.
        You're mad. All the spies are insanely broken. Sure you give them 5 points or so, but you get to draw 2 cards that will generate 10+ points each.
Afaik Geralt sleeps normally. I'd assume he maybe can stay awake longer than normal humans, but not by that much. Biologically he is still mostly human, just somewhat beyond peak human.

I don't enjoy it in games due to the world size and time scaling. If you need to sleep every ingme day, it's too often and becomes a boring routine. If you need to sleep too little, it barely has an effect on gameplays and you feel superhuman. It's hard to get the balance right.

But camping in Skyrim, ideally with the mods that add severe weather effects etc., that's occasionally fun. I once froze to death desperately trying to chop firewood, and that was a fun experience.
Oh man I loved Triple Triad. But Gwent never stuck with me. Felt it was too R/P/S and super simple to the point of being boring.
    I can still hear the music for Triple Triad. Good times.
    I enjoyed gwent. Not gonna lie. But it was most definitely super basic. Loved triple triad as well.
Triple FUCKING Triad and its associated bullshit literally made me hate FF 8.
Card games *really* aren't my thing either, which just made me love Gwent more because it was like *finally* a card game I can follow and actually enjoy!

I'm not saying I knew how to play immediately, got my ass handed to me a good few times before I'd nailed down an actual winnable strategy, but holding stronger cards back strategically only to have them play perfectly into your plan in the final round is so satisfying.
I had no idea this was a trend now, it’s just immersive.

And why would you avoid info and content? You’re playing as a real witcher, arriving in a village, learning of a monster, finding ways/potions to kill it. Or as a real outlaw. Just without the dissonance of the main quest urging you on.

As for not liking the travel part, the better part of the games market is games that allow you to score/kill/jump/collect without riding a horse or travelling and immersing you in a world. I’m not too excited by those anymore. Maybe there’s a place for both things.
Cool then keep it enabled, no one's forcing you to turn it off...lol
Disagreed. Love wandering around
Did you ever end up finishing it?(thoughts?)



Edit: no idea why my flair is that game out of everything lol
    Still want to, especially after finding out it runs great on my steamdeck. But first I have to finish Elden Ring, which my friends made me finally start too...
witcher really isn't designed to be played like that but it encourages you to go out and explore. it's a weird mismatch.   

also fyi the witcher sets have cumulative power effects and are cumulatively better than stuff even 5 levels above them. or just download a mod that auto levels the witcher set to your level which is what i did
Gothic 1&2 do earthy so much better.
> maybe they were afraid that many players would not come back through that village and would not realize what happened. I bet that's why they decided to do it in such a forced way.

And what's weird about _that_ is that the way the described it pre-release sounded like they were doubling down on the more long-term way of doing it. In reality, I think they just didn't have time to do the more complex version and so went with that simpler, identical cut-scene every time.

>Still, when I compare it to what I saw at the time in most other open world games, Witcher 3 still managed to set up a much nicer illusion of a "real" world. But ultimately it is always an illusion, and if you look closely you will always find the cracks. For me, Witcher 3 was the game (at least until that point in time) that best hid most of them.

That's fair. It's the best of a group of games that have aged very poorly since Breath of the Wild released. 

As for NPCs, the only ones that I think actually work in these games are those in Bethesda's titles. For all their flaws - and, dear lord, do they have a terrifying list of flaws - the ability to have a named NPC with a distinct backstory and personality (kind of) traipse across Skyrim with you and then _find their own way home_ when you part ways is basically untouchable in modern gaming. They don't have the depth or detail that later games - including Witcher 3 - allowed for, but they interact with the world in the same way as the player does, and that makes such a big difference.
Good. You're at least consistent. 👍
Fair. But I honestly can’t see how Skyrim gameplay is better then the Witcher. 

I would put them on par. 

They both have magic you throw out. 

You have basic sword animations. 

One if first and the other isn’t
    What the other guy says: skyrim supports far more combat styles, especially stealth, summoning minions and archery, which are my usual ways of fighting, and witcher offers none of them. Also magic is far less than I imagined and which most RPGs also offer more. 

The style fits to the world and the atmosphere, it connects pretty well, but there are far less ways to fight in the witcher than in skyrim for example. Also it feels more clunky, but that might be a personal thing, because again, I played every Bethesda RPG out there, so I'm just really used to it. The inventory in skyrim is ridiculous due to the console compatibility, just to mention one example, but it didn't turn me off enough that the game didn't work for me. 


And wow, witcher fans are raging.... Because I'm listing RPGs in a thread about RPGs?
    Skyrim combat is just way more fun and gives you way more options. You can be a stealth archer, you can use a sword with shield, you can use illusion to make enemies fight each other, you can sneak around and hit people with a dagger, you can summon creatures to fight for you, etc. Even though its not very polished its just way more fun than dodging and using one of 4 spells.
Both Witcher and Dark Souls are technically “action RPGs”, or even “action adventure RPGs”, though obviously they’re only superficially similar. 

Your build in Witcher matters more than you might think, especially at higher difficulties. Yeah, you’re always some variation of the “Witcher class”, but those variations determine how you approach combat. In my last playthrough, I largely avoided signs and mostly relied on alchemy to buff Geralt’s swordsmanship. Was pretty fun as a sort of glass cannon. But yeah, most of the actual roleplaying occurs in the dialogue sections, much like a Bioware RPG, or Planescape: Torment even. 

Kingdoms of Amalur is one of those games I wish I could appreciate. The God of War esque combat is neat, but everything else rubbed me the wrong way. 

Fallout 4’s combat is okay. Better than Fallout 3 or NV for sure, but it has many of the same issues action based RPGs have, like limited AI and super spongey enemies.
I disagree. Dark souls is not unresponsive. It’s slow. It’s slow so you have to be deliberate. You cannot spam the dodge button to avoid attacks, you have to choose when you want to dodge.
>W3's combat was a little jank but fair

But it was also frustrating. Heavy attacks are never a good option so you stick to light attacks, except they aren't always the same speed. Sometimes geralt stabs fast, other times he does a spin and takes twice as long, allowing enemies to hit me out of the animation. Dark souls may be slow af, but it is consistent at least.
Dark Souls felt pretty janky and unfair until I got used to it, but that took me hours and hours and there are still moments that piss me off. I understand why some people try it and hate it because I was very nearly the same way myself. You can't really play it like other games.

You have to play it like Dark Souls; meticulous, patient, observant, etc. It's the only game I've played where you dodge after releasing the button and not immediately when you press it. Actions are basically on a delayed queue so you have to anticipate rather than react. It's very weird.
Hope the game finally clicks! Can't recommend it enough and Season 2 of the show makes me want to play it all over again (waiting for next gen update though). 

Just a hint as there's a few missable trophies. Play gwent with every character you meet as soon as possible. Some become unavailable later and you win unique cards from them. You need all gwent cards for a trophy. By everyone I mean people involved in quests, you get generic cards from merchants and you need those too, they just aren't missable.

If you don't play on the hardest difficulty Death March you need to play the game another time over (preferrably in NG+) so you have a second chance if you missed anything. It's kind of hard to recommend doing two playthroughs if you're not sure if you are that into it, but I'd still say it's worth it so you don't spoil the quests that have missable trophies. Just go blind for the first time and then NG+ Death March with a plan for missables. Makes it a lot easier too since you keep your gear and skills.

By the way good on you for getting the expansions too they are absolutely amazing both of them. They should be played after the main story just keep that in mind.
    Thanks for the thoughts and comments!

Any news on when the next gen update is coming? I still have a bit o a backlog to get through, and with Elden Ring coming out seen, I probably won't be starting Witcher for a bit...
        It was delayed from end of 2021 to Q2 2022 so April-June I think. I have a massive backlog too so I didn't mind.

Definitely go through your backlog first and wait for the update since you get it for free anyway!
[deleted]
    [https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749)

Only ignites if Igni sign is primed.
        70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
    Does candle flicking play an important role later in the game? Like to illuminate a message on a wall or something?
        Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
            Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
        There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
Try to use the "walk" function when in tight quarters with many candles/crates too. It works **really** well to reduce the accidental misuses.
Man I'm playing it on Switch and I hate that so much.
[There is even a in-game joke about it in the second DLC.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k26ejKx4uX8)
To be fair, every fight scene in the books is described as Geralt pirouetting a bunch and then winning, so at least it's authentic.
    Yep. Thats how Geralt fights so i don't get the complaints.
Add in upgraded Quen and you're dancing your way through everything...
Deus Ex Human Revolution is a totally different style of game though.

A true 10/10 as well.
    It warms my heart to hear people describe DE:HR as 10/10. I make sure I have at least 1 annual playthrough.
I mean that's the difference between Perks and Talents.

Talent systems are most of the time small increases like an mmo might have or something like path of exile, a perk system is like Skyrim.
> 
> 
> 
> 
> Just saying, skill points don't have to be low impact, but it's a thing with CD Projekt Red's games.

It would be pretty shitty if each skill point gave you 75% increased damage/damage reduction and you got 50 points ... especially if the enemies don't scale like that.

Far more interesting to have it scale to a smaller degree. Most praised RPGs work the same way.

D&D, Mass Effect, WoW (back in the day), Ultima etc etc
    Of course it's a different kind of game, but even for that kind of game it feels like your character is already competent in most things and has only to improve in. 

Old WoW is a good comparison to Witcher 3 on second look(take almost all skills that say "ability x"), but my current gripe is definitely with cyberpunk that has fantastic duds like "reduce falling damage by 5/10/20%", "don't get detected in water" or a number of like "3/6/9% damage increase with weapon type" when skills exist that increase headshot damage for all weapons by 50% for 1 skill point or 20/30% more headshot damage with weapon type.
    WoW talent trees were massively overhauled and radically improved when they got away from that.
        Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
I haven’t played the game in a while, but that’s not how I remember my experience at all. I remember having to find books and talk to townspeople to fill out the bestiary entry for the monster I was going to go up against and also gathering the ingredients to make the appropriate potions and oils before going hunting. I’m a role player so that was more than enough to get me engaged as a Witcher
I suppose that's true - the game has some different takes on the characters compared to the book(s).
Tim-o-thee?
    Hey guys, I gotta go. I'm late for chess club.
        You look like you need a chest club.
I think it's just the 0 cost unmovable hero that is OP, the other spies are giving the opponent something and they can return them via decoy, too. But the Golden 0 spy is less of a card and more of an instant tempo advantage cheat. No counterplay at all.
    You're mad. All the spies are insanely broken. Sure you give them 5 points or so, but you get to draw 2 cards that will generate 10+ points each.
I can still hear the music for Triple Triad. Good times.
I enjoyed gwent. Not gonna lie. But it was most definitely super basic. Loved triple triad as well.
Still want to, especially after finding out it runs great on my steamdeck. But first I have to finish Elden Ring, which my friends made me finally start too...
What the other guy says: skyrim supports far more combat styles, especially stealth, summoning minions and archery, which are my usual ways of fighting, and witcher offers none of them. Also magic is far less than I imagined and which most RPGs also offer more. 

The style fits to the world and the atmosphere, it connects pretty well, but there are far less ways to fight in the witcher than in skyrim for example. Also it feels more clunky, but that might be a personal thing, because again, I played every Bethesda RPG out there, so I'm just really used to it. The inventory in skyrim is ridiculous due to the console compatibility, just to mention one example, but it didn't turn me off enough that the game didn't work for me. 


And wow, witcher fans are raging.... Because I'm listing RPGs in a thread about RPGs?
Skyrim combat is just way more fun and gives you way more options. You can be a stealth archer, you can use a sword with shield, you can use illusion to make enemies fight each other, you can sneak around and hit people with a dagger, you can summon creatures to fight for you, etc. Even though its not very polished its just way more fun than dodging and using one of 4 spells.
Thanks for the thoughts and comments!

Any news on when the next gen update is coming? I still have a bit o a backlog to get through, and with Elden Ring coming out seen, I probably won't be starting Witcher for a bit...
    It was delayed from end of 2021 to Q2 2022 so April-June I think. I have a massive backlog too so I didn't mind.

Definitely go through your backlog first and wait for the update since you get it for free anyway!
[https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749](https://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/749)

Only ignites if Igni sign is primed.
    70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
Does candle flicking play an important role later in the game? Like to illuminate a message on a wall or something?
    Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
        Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
    There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
Yep. Thats how Geralt fights so i don't get the complaints.
It warms my heart to hear people describe DE:HR as 10/10. I make sure I have at least 1 annual playthrough.
Of course it's a different kind of game, but even for that kind of game it feels like your character is already competent in most things and has only to improve in. 

Old WoW is a good comparison to Witcher 3 on second look(take almost all skills that say "ability x"), but my current gripe is definitely with cyberpunk that has fantastic duds like "reduce falling damage by 5/10/20%", "don't get detected in water" or a number of like "3/6/9% damage increase with weapon type" when skills exist that increase headshot damage for all weapons by 50% for 1 skill point or 20/30% more headshot damage with weapon type.
WoW talent trees were massively overhauled and radically improved when they got away from that.
    Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
Hey guys, I gotta go. I'm late for chess club.
    You look like you need a chest club.
You're mad. All the spies are insanely broken. Sure you give them 5 points or so, but you get to draw 2 cards that will generate 10+ points each.
It was delayed from end of 2021 to Q2 2022 so April-June I think. I have a massive backlog too so I didn't mind.

Definitely go through your backlog first and wait for the update since you get it for free anyway!
70 thousand downloads of a mod just for this? Lmfao... that's how you know this feature should have been in the base game
Not that I remember. A few quests have you light some stuff on fire but they specifically tells you to do it. Other than that, it's just to see better in dark areas.
    Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
There’s a wonderful mod called Ignis Lumen Totus which lets you light and put out all candles around you at a distance. Pretty neat. 
(It also lets you deactivate normal candle activation)
Sure, you might view it as improved, but it didn't seem to keep users engaged or happy.
You look like you need a chest club.
Which is often a necessity in dungeons, but I always used the cat potion instead of carrying a torch or lighting the candles and braziers
