[[I'm ready to give up on the Witcher 3.]]


I've tried so many times to get into this game. This is my fourth attempt to get into this game. I have 40 hours in this game, but I've only ever gone as far as knowing Ciri went to Novigrad.

However, the Witcher 3 just has me questioning my time and my limited amount of time on this Earth every 1-2 years. Why? I really want to love this game but there is just something so... dull about it. But part of it is my fault, as I'm not a big fan of massive open world games. I keep wanting to play this game because it seems like it's universally praised as being incredible and I always get a case of FOMO when it's left un-played in my library.

For reference, for this playthrough, I've been playing on Deathmarch the entire way, and I'm about ready to go to Novigrad at level 10.

I think what's really putting me off is that the game loop becomes super repetitive, but I don't find the repetition fun at all. I've barely made my way through the game, and I already know exactly how the rest is going to play out. I know that "?" means I'll be fighting bandits or finding lost treasure or blowing up monster nests. I know side quests will be a fetch quest in a neat little package. I know the main quest will have me doing errands for a few crumbs of new info or development. I know that every time I enter combat, I'm going to have to apply whatever oil the bestiary tells me I need to. I know that going from Point A to Point B will involve awkwardly calling Roach and roaming boring terrain until I get to a small town, which then I can fast travel to the point I need to get to. I know that I need to just spam Quen, get maybe two light attacks in, dodge, repeat.

The point I'm chipping at, the main reason this game for me is so unfun, is that it doesn't encourage creativity at all, or just any outside thinking, or fun choices. It's just a massive checklist with progression. The combat is fine and functional but isn't really engaging. It's just about guessing when to dodge and using the right oils for an edge. 

I think I'm just burnt out by RPGs in general.

I just wanted to get my thoughts out about this. This is not supposed to be objective, just a highly subjective rant. If you enjoyed the game that's great. But I'm here just wondering what the hell I'm doing with my limited time on Earth when zoning out in this game.


Your issue is you are playing on death march and experiencing the game as anyone playing on death march would. Play on a lower difficulty, go die to random enemies way beyond your level, enjoy the story and don't worry about using all the right oils and signs, just enjoy the experience of a really great story.


Or don't, at this point it's probably just not the game for you.
    Shit I'm way past playing games on turbo hard mode. From soft games aside since those were designed around the difficulty. A slow burn RPG it's just exacerbated if I'm getting wasted by every bandit in the game. That being said I have never understood why people immediately think they have to play games on the hardest difficulty. If a game is too easy I will switch up the diff but I rarely get more enjoyment out of grinding harder options.
        Yep. Turbo hard mode is often just finding the one thing that's OP and then exploiting the crap out of it. If you don't enjoy that strategy, tough, it's the only thing that is viable. Or it means looking up a ton of online information / grinding a ton, which isn't very fun either.

Meanwhile on normal you can actually play the way you want to.

I suspect that games would produce more total enjoyment and less frustration in the world if they would simply not have a super-hard mode that requires a ton of tryharding. For every person who genuinely enjoys that, I think there's five people such as OP who select that mode and then get frustrated.
            Especially for open world RPGs. A lot of games lock the hardest difficulty until you've beaten the story, and with good reason. Leave it as a reward for people who enjoy the already grindy game so much they want it to be **more** of a grind.
                Good point, that is probably a good solution.
                I really dislike that solution. Eaxh game requires "a very particular set of skills", and you KNOW what those skills are, most of the time.

I've been greeted with games I found too easy and had no way of cranking them up, which made for a subpar experience.

Options should not be locked.
                    As someone has already mentioned though, there are far more people who pick up the game, crank it to the highest difficulty, don't have fun, then dismiss the game.  

Especially so for a game like Witcher 3 in which increasing the difficulty doesnt change the game's mechanics, it just essentially makes battles last longer and makes you have to respawn and repeat content more often.
                        Yes, I understand, that, but... "Know thyself", you know?

The difficulty most people will have fun with should be just definitely ENCOURAGED, but not capped to it.

But I believe we agree on a few things:

- What the difficulty options do should be VERY clear (ai difficulty, scaling on health, number of monsters, loot, etc).

- The "intended way" should be very emphasised by the devs (as many games do NOW, but didn't do before).

- Pure scaling is almost always a shitty difficulty. I started skyrim on the hardest mode and it was EGREGIOUS. Just... 4x life for everyone.
                        Some Games that i have played recently  Like Last of us, Maxpayne 3, Manhunt, The warriers,  RDR1, Ghost of Tshusmia are really the best  on the hardest differculty while games like Witcher 3 and skyrim Which do not have the best combat are best on normal or even easy. They focus more on their open world and quests.  Of course Witcher 3 does jave flaws in terms of how reactive and interactive the world is.
                I beat Witcher 3 on the easiest 3 times. On my fourth play through I played it on deathmarch.

It’s just as easy as easy but only if I play it a specific way that makes me OP. (Fleet footed plus quen alchemy build)
I only did it for the achievement.
                Aren't all RPGs open world? I can't think of one that it isn't, starting from Ultima and the 8/16 bit JRPGs.
                    Text based RPGs, tabletop RPGs, dungeon crawlers etc...
                        Text based are super-ultra niche (if they still exist), so are dungeon crawlers.

Tabletops are not even videogames (also, I never played one but I had the impression that they too were open world, isn't D'n'D open world?)

On a side note, the games depicted in "Mazes and Monsters"and "Dark Dungeons", surely seem open world. :)
            Totally agree. I don't understand why so many people seem to love turning games into work. I already have work for that.
                [deleted]
            In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight. This is how the highest difficulty options should behave, make you interested in the lore of the game and you get a reward out of it.

If you can pick whatever you want to do, and have guaranteed success, then its not a difficulty option.
                God I wish I could pick a monster difficulty and a other stuff difficulty.

I adore having to prepare for a really hard question mark level monster what I have read up on and got the stuff for.

But I don’t want the fucking wolves to be more than a couple hits because I just defeated a fucking dragon, they couldn’t even touch me.
                    I like that idea, sort of like Total War's recent split between "campaign" and "battle" difficulty
                > In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight.

This is how a salesman looks at W3 combat, because this is how it was designed and marketed

How a high-diff player looks at W3 is: Quen
                    Yeah, well put. Unfortunately playing the highest difficulty nearly always boils down to "find the OP thing and abuse it" or "grind until your eyeballs bleed." The amount of viable builds that you have available is often very limited.
                        Basically Aerondight+Quen and/or abusing the everloving bejeezus out of toxicity builds, LOL.
            
>I suspect that games would produce more total enjoyment and less frustration in the world if they would simply not have a super-hard mode that requires a ton of tryharding. For every person who genuinely enjoys that, I think there's five people such as OP who select that mode and then get frustrated.

Those people will have to learn that they should lower the difficulty if it gets too frustrating.

 I however, find RPGs (except From Software ones) extremely hard to get into, no matter the difficulty, they're too dispersive, worse than open world games.
        I love fromsoftware games. From the ambiance to the way the lore is developed and given to you, to how you have to keep up with quests on your own accord and figuring it all out. That being said, I over level myself every time, or else I will not enjoy it. I've come to terms with the fact that "hardest" does not mean "most fun"
        I’ve always considered “Normal” being the intended experience devs craft for a game (unless otherwise stated in game) and unless I’m told otherwise by friends to not for whatever reason, that’s what I play my first time. 

Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow has better drop rates for 100% on Hard so I played Hard at a friend’s suggestion, as an example of an exception for me.
            I usually go with the setting that is intended by devs, on newer games they often tell you in a caption what setting they intended. I remember seeing one that had hard as the intended mode so I went with that over normal. I like games that let you change mid game. If I feel like I'm cruising I'll up the difficulty later.
                Yeah, I always like when the game says what mode is intended.
        > hat being said I have never understood why people immediately think they have to play games on the hardest difficulty.

it depends how the game is balanced. If hard mode makes the game more tactically interesting (like in fire emblem), and requires me to understand the game systems properly to succeed, then its enjoyable. If it just decreases my damage and increases the enemy hp, it seems like a waste (like in jrpg where your level is the only thing that matters for combat).

I find that the witcher 3 is incredibly easy on deathmarch after you reach novigrad. Before that it was rough because i had no consistent ways to heal myself. Deathmarch is nice because i feel more rewarded for using oil and interacting with the games systems, but in the end all you have to do is press quen and dodge in circles and you're invincible.
        I'd sometimes love harder options, but harder as in, they notice you easier, or start using weird skills or something you have to work with instead of just making every fight with a random wolf last ten minutes.
        Ive been playing most of my games on their easiest or normal difficulty for years now and never had as much fun as i have. And if i find it to be too easy and boring i can nudge it up to my liking.
            Agreed, even though I do really enjoy fromsoft games I will deff look stuff up if it keeps my progress going. I don't have the time to slam my head in getting nowhere. I also really enjoy roguelikes/lites (tbh idk what the difference is) but certain ones I really struggle with because of not progressing. Hades always had a sense of progress. FTL absolutely crushes my will to play
        > Shit I'm way past playing games on turbo hard mode. From soft games aside since those were designed around the difficulty.

===

Super hard games bore me because I can't jump back n forth easily (I like to play a couple different games at a time) so I have to relearn the game, something I already did, thus I get bored. Final Fantasy Origin Stranger of Paradise did this too me too once the DLC came out (still pissed that they locked it behind the difficulty options and didn't say anything until it came out, waste of $20 right there). 

===

Elden Ring came out right before I started a new job and relearning how to play it every so often go so boring. 

===

Difficulty for the sake of it just doesn't do anything for me.
            I won't lie, fromsoft games are definitely not for everyone. For me the muscle memory on those comes back very quickly after taking a break. I am also not gonna lie, I never thought I would enjoy fromsoft games since usually I agree that I don't like difficulty for the sake of it. The souls bug just hit me and never let go
        I usually don’t care about playing on hard but a lot of people suggest deathmarch even on a first playthrough which is why I was set on playing on it. Honestly it’s not too bad if you’re fighting enemies at or below your level, but it prolongs the already unenjoyable combat. I’m going to just lower it to easy and see if it improves things.
            Yeah the combat is definitely not the strongest part of this game. Try to focus instead on other aspects- the fantastic main story, lore, and world.
            Idk about deathmarch but I think I played it one setting lower(blood and broken bones?). I quite liked it, though it was dragging on towards the end.

And I’d really highly advise against checking out each question mark. Think of them as diversions when you’re on the way to doing something for a side quest. This applies double for Skellige.

Also, if at some point it seems that your level isn’t increasing no matter what you do, that’s the game’s way of telling you that you need to do the main story now.

I had the most fun looking for better gear(Witcher gear especially) and reading about the monsters personally. And for some odd reason I actually liked the combat. But then again I have poor taste in combat systems, so…
            This, and truly trying to enjoy being a Witcher. If you can, try actually Role-playing a bit. You pretty nailed the gameplay loop in the OP but those are just core mechanics.

Much of the enjoyment the initial praise is from is bring on a lower difficulty so you can explore more, spending time reading bulletins and talking to NPCS, focusing on romance quests, and over all trying to appreciate the Detective Noir that truly is at the center of the game.

Sometimes quests are kinda boring, sometimes though you actually get caught up in the mystery you're supposed to solve and Idk I personally enjoyed listening to Geralt mutter to himself like an old detective.

All of that said, I'm also struggling to get back into playing it, so you're not wrong either.
        Think the mantra of difficulty is just an easy way to really "bite" into a world and it's gameplay/lore. If i have like savepoints every 5 minutes and am sequencing a bunch of scenes that are attainable for anyone and everyone, i don't feel any motivation. This is why i love Roguelites and Souls games. Or hardcore fps. Dirt Rally. All take effort.
            A game being accessable to everyone means you aren't motivated to play? Not trying to be shitty but that sounds pretty elitist to me.

I think games being accessable is a good thing. Difficulty should be scalable to a players skill. Gaming enjoyment to me is not dependent on whether or not I'm more skilled than other people. RPGs specifically are meant to be an immersive world where a player can enjoy the story
                I was just commenting on the mantra of difficulty and what it means to me personally. 
I still enjoy chill stuff like music games, platformers, storybased stuff etc. 

Accessibility is cool, but i also love a singular experience like a Souls game.
    apparatus act steer hard-to-find rich smell workable gaping roof fanatical

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
        [deleted]
            Witcher 3 has one of the worst combat systems in AAA gaming as far as I'm concerned.


Take it down from Deathmarch to Just the Story, OP. 

Witcher 3 is played for the interesting side quests, not the awful gameplay it has.
                I disagree. It's not top tier, but it's enjoyable. 

Just curious, what do you think of Elder Scrolls combat?
                    The biggest problem with this misconception about the combat is that they made it look too good on a superficial level. They see the trailer and gameplay videos and expect it to be dark souls-esque hitbox porn, when in reality it’s just jazzed up RPG combat. If that’s your expectation, then the Witcher is simply not that type of game and never has been.
  
From my own perspective, coming from W1 and games like KotoR or Dragon age, I think the W3 combat is terrific for what it is. I wonder what they would think if it had isometric turn based combat, or just real time point and click.
                        In no way, shape or form does The Witcher 3 combat look even remotely close to Dark Souls.

The combat itself is a bit simple, it's the elements around it that might elevate it, but those involve going into menus, pick potions, bombs, apply oils, and all that is a slog because there's a looot of fighting while roaming around the infinite question marks.
                    Skyrim's combat is bland, but not outright garbage like The Witcher 3's combat.

Reliability, Variety, Fluidity, Difficulty and Satisfaction are core to a solid combat system.

Skyrim's combat is boring, but very reliable. 

In Skyrim, you can always count on your sword or your spell hitting the enemy, whereas in The Witcher 3, Geralt's attacks change depending on distance away from enemies, and some of the attacks that he uses depending on distance aren't reliable at the chosen distance at all, which makes even the most basic attacks ridiculously annoying and unreliable to use. (Looking at you stupid thrust attack)

The hitboxes are terrible and dodges that *should've* worked get majorly screwed over by them. The crossbow is very clunky and unresponsive to use. Often, the crossbow fires *and* reloads after you press the firing button *once* instead of just firing off the crossbow once and never reloading. This ends up with you unfairly getting hit by the enemy.

There's also way too much animation lock between attacks in The Witcher 3. There's not much of a "rest" period between attacks where Geralt brings the sword back for another swing, he attacks instantly.

+2 to Skyrim when it comes to Reliability and Fluidity.

Variety.

Skyrim's meh combat can be offset with all the abilities the game. You are free to do whatever you want and aren't confined to a single kind of playstyle like you are in the Witcher.

"Builds" in The Witcher 3 only give you a different flavor of the only playstyle in the game: Whatever the fuck geralt is doing with his unreliable ballerina spinny-spin attacks.

You have 5 spells (each with an alternate form. Igni can turn into a flamethrower rather than a quick blast, for example), bombs, weapon oil, crossbow, light attack (with an alternate spinny-spin beyblade of blaviken attack), heavy attack (with an alternate big whack attack). That's it.

Whereas in Skyrim, you can apply poison on your swords and just use basic attacks, stunlock enemies through their shields with power attacks from your warhammer, use dual-wield daggers and just shred everything apart like a blender, interrupt enemy attacks by bashing with a mace, poison your arrows, or shoot off explosive elemental bolts from a crossbow, shove away entire crowds with your shield, etc.

Or use illusion spells to infuriate enemies into fighting each other, calm down that scary bear, scare enemies away like the badass you are.

Or incinerate enemies with flamethrowers, fireballs/firebolts, fire runes, fire auras and a gigantic firey blast that surrounds you. Light damage over time effect too.

Or chill and sap enemies stamina with a chilly breeze, icicles, frost auras, frost runes, or a blizzard.

Or shock enemies into submission and destroying all the magicka they have with static electricity, thunderbolts, shock runes, shock auras, and a freaking kamehameha death laser.

Or summon undead thralls, fire, frost, and shock daedras, daedra lords, spirit wolfs, a frost giant, a dragon, an undead dragon, like 3 varieties of blue sekeletons, a spectral horse, spiders, spirit legends from Sovngarde, a dead spirit assassin from the Oblivion days, etc.

Or apply magic armor or fire off magic light orbs.

Or cripple dragons out of the sky, shout people off cliffs, see through walls, wind-dashing through gaps in the walls, breathe fire, breath frost, freeze time and shoot many arrows through the air anime style, and many other shouts to use.

Or turn into a werewolf and chow down on whole entire cities.

Or turn into a vampire lord and suck the blood from everything you see.

Or cause the sun to explode into a bright fire-damage explosion against undead or turn the sun blood red and help the undead instead.

+1 to Skyrim.

Satisfaction. 

Skyrim's ragdolls are not very satisfying unless you are shouting people off cliffs.

The Witcher's ragdolls are the exact same way, but you don't really have the option to throw people off cliffs.

The basic sword attacks in Skyrim hardly have any effect on enemies unless you are staggering them with a bash or power attacks. You could throw fireballs into them and they wouldn't flinch until their healthbar is gone, and then they slump to the ground.

The Witcher 3's enemies are more reactive than that, they at least react to being hit with basic attacks. Spells actually effect them.

Skyrim's decapitations and killmoves are ok, but they are very jarring and very random.

The Witcher's gore makes things all the better. The camera work during TW3's executions is probably the most fluid part about it's combat, even if the executions are unreliable to pull off.

+1 to The Witcher.

Difficulty.

Skyrim's hardest difficulty is less on actual skill, but more about damage trading. So yeah. Pass.

The exact same thing can be said for The Witcher 3's Deathmarch, but The Witcher 3's combat is marginally more skill based solely because of the dodging, even though the dodging is unreliable thanks to the hitboxes.

+1 to the Witcher.

Skyrim - 3

The Witcher 3 - 2

Clear winner here is Skyrim, unless The Witcher 3 has the Enhanced Edition. 

If you know how to mod well, Enhanced Edition is a must have.
                I remember playing W3 on death march in college when I had so much more free time and patience. And anxiety that I needed to escape from, but that's beside the point. The game was pretty damn frustrating on death march now that I think about it, and considering how fast I drop open world RPGs now, I wouldn't get through W3 today, even on easier difficulties.
                    Idk, I did the same thing in college and death March was the first time I tried an alchemy build and I actually had a lot of fun with it? Maybe it was just because of how broken late game alchemy abilities are lol. The beginning bit was incredibly frustrating though on that difficulty
                        I went with the Heavy attack focus, that felt like a reliable but still fun way of delivering huge damage to cut down the bullet sponge enemies. And then some basic alchemy stuff and sign boosts. I had read about the alchemy builds, but they didn't connect with my fantasy of witcher combat. Cutting monsters apart with those big downward swings did haha.
                    The games difficulty pacing is way off. Back when this released I was hunting achievements, so played in death march right out the gate. Playing death the entire playthrough, the first 1/3 of the game is hard, middle is normal, and the last 1/3 is brain-dead easy.
                        I think that when you get to the point where you swim in money, it starts to be a game of "dodge the OHK, use the shield sign and kill the badguys". Early game you can be pretty starved for healing items, since you are broke all the time.
                Why play it then? Might as well watch youtube videos of it. Like if the gameplay isn't fun why "play" the game?
                    Because you can still experience the world on your own terms, like a choose your own adventure book.
                    Because combat isn’t gameplay.  It’s the thing that interrupts the gameplay with tedium.
                        So what is the "gameplay" from what people are saying it's "the story" and "choices you make" but does that mean the witcher is just one of those books where you decide how it ends?
                            It is something where you decide where it ends. It has exploration.  It has world building both environmental and textual.
                    onerous elastic engine weather languid prick disgusted mysterious close badge -- mass deleted all reddit content via https://redact.dev
                        The Witcher 3's combat is honestly stupidly easy, even on Deathmarch. The problem is that Deathmarch makes the awful combat even more terrible by bloating everyone's health bars to boss level.
                You really have to play more games if you think Witcher combat is the worst
                    Try me. I played over 789 games, varying from AAA to indie, in the past 17 years. That is the current size of my gaming library.

Witcher 3's combat is definitely one of the worst combat systems in all of AAA gaming.
                I'd put RDR2 on PC up there with abysmal combat (and UI generally) as piss poor for a AAA.
                This is hyperbole as fuck. Its just Arkham combat with swords.
            When I first played W3 a couple years ago I thought the combat system was fine and didn't understand why some people don't like it. Started a new playthrough recently and now it hit me just how bad it is. Still love the game though
            The story sucks too.  It's beyond generic humdrum with the most boring Gary Stu protagonist in RPG history.  Zero creativity at any point.  Just trope after trope after trope.
        Honestly for the Witcher, it's completely OK just to play story mode and enjoy it.  It's a phenomenal game.
            Yep. Witcher 3 does many things great, but its combat (IMO don't get your knickers in a twist fanboys) is NOT one of them. I find it clunky, unresponsive and the targetting system is complete dogshit on PC.

Also, rolling around like a prick just gets old in general.  At least the game has dash and the perfect counters are badass (not to mention they're pretty much a one shot on humans on normal difficulty, as they should be imo so they usually proc the sync kill which is cool) 

Maybe I just dont like that Arkham style of combat, really didnt like the lotr game that had it either.
                I'm personally perfectly comfortable with calling TW3's combat dogshit, and it's also likely my favorite game after Skyrim (which only grabs this spot because of the endless creativity brought by mods)

The game is much more fun on lower difficulty settings, where you can use any combat style to get through enemies - which makes it stylish as fuck! You can actually afford to switch between different armor tiers as you feel - wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel. Witcher 3 has great immersion, and taking advantage of it makes the experience so much more enjoyable.

And about that little poke on Shadow of Mordor - I kinda agree the combat styleis similar, but they're different types of games. SoM has a much bigger emphasis on the beat em all style and thus makes combos and timing essential. If you don't like flashy combos, you're in trouble because the game's other elements, like story or RPG elements, aren't that great.
                    I never really got that, tbh. For me it was just fine, perfectly serviceable but nothing special. I must be in the minority for that though
                    My gripes with shadow of war are the same gripes as rings of power, if you're not gonna respect the lore, why fucking bother? Come up with your own fantasy world if you wanna shit all over everything is my opinion and I'm sticking to it. Ditto for the witcher show.
                        I haven't seen rings of power, but this guy's making a very legitimate criticism of the Shadow of War/Mordor games. A murderhobo one man army has no place in the setting of a story about how power inevitably corrupts and the world is saved by the loyalty and innocence of the hobbits. Those games exploited the name recognition of Middle-Earth while curling out a great big steaming shit on everything Tolkien's work stood for.
                        Can anyone explain why this guy is getting down voted? I'm out of the loop
                        Some really great pieces of media are set in alternate versions of our world, the events of gladiator unfortunately didn't really happen. It's silly to demand that movies adhere to the strict historical facts of our world, and it's also silly to demand that a non-canon piece of media adheres to strict Canon.
                            I agree with you. As long as the piece of media is well executed, what does it matter if adheres to the lore strictly or not? 

Sadly, there are so many examples where movies/series failed to deliver and failed to to follow the source material, cough Death Note.
                    > wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel

Or wearing New Moon armor for everything because it looks the coolest :D
                The combat prevented me from enjoying it for so long, and I finally grew to love it when I played on an easier difficulty to skip the tedium. W3 is about the story, and that’s where player agency is strongest. There are so many interesting questlines and different ways things can play out based on the choices you make.
                You know, I'm one of the poor souls that got to experience the Witcher 3 for the first time on the Switch... It was not what I expected at all. 

I hated the combat. I would die with f\*cking wolves, or even those water f\*ckers that lurk around the rivers. I thought that either I was bad as hell, or the switch wasn't made for running the Witcher 3 on it. I quit the game right after capturing/hunting the griffin. It really didn't work for me. I did believe the Switch's low power was the problem, but now that I read your comment I think maybe it's the game itself and you just need to get used to it. 

In any case, I bought it again for $5 last year and have yet to get a chance to play it again, but properly, with an RTX 3070.
                    What difficulty were you playing at? (I'm not trying to blame you at all, and sometimes we just don't like a game. Even if a lot of others do. And that's fine.) Cause the "dying to wolves" thing was EXACTLY what I was doing when I started Deathmarch. :D It took me so long to get it. I really didn't pay attention to combat until then lol, unless it was something especially hard. So I didn't really learn it.
                    Its not the worst combat ever but it locks you into these long swing animations that just beg enemies to hit you. I got bored of it pretty quick and just went full griffin mage build and burnt everyone to death while ccing them with bombs.
                        The default walking controls are awful. There's an 'alternative walking mode' or something like that in the controls that, while making Geralt move more arcade-y, stops him barreling round like a dysentric torpedo
                            I think it's like alternate animations or something. Basically let's you cancel out of animations while fighting.  Makes the combat a bit more responsive.
                I'm a Witcher fan and somebody who personally finds combat decent. I usually never care about completing games on highest difficulty, yet I finished it on Deathmarch on my second playthrough.

That being said, I absolutely understand how people can dislike the combat as it is somewhat repetitive and it's a completely valid criticism. They should improve it in the next game.

Also an offtopic point: I loved combat in Horizon Zero Dawn but its characters, storytelling and writing were pretty bad IMO, so I'd always prefer games with strong characters and story.
                    Never say that about HZD in one of the main gaming subreddits.

The premise is cool and so is the gameplay loop and enemies, but by God the story and character building is awful. Never played a game where the 'city' felt more dead and Ill designed than most games little villages. Whoever wrote the script and designed the 'tribes' in this game deserves a medal for managing to worm his way into such a big project.
                I'm sure I'll get downvoted but the combat and the story were unappealing to me. I finally decided to stop trying to force myself to enjoy a game I don't enjoy and move on to enjoy games that click for me faster than apparently I need to invest in Witcher games time wise.
                    Why would you be downvoted for voicing an opinion? 

/s
                        If only  people on reddit would understand that the downvote button isn't a disagree button.
                            I never understood it. For these people, a downvote over someone you slightly disagree with is the same as downvoting hate speech. 

You can create a scale with the voting system, upvotes things you like or want to encourage, don't vote on things you don't agree with or don't care about and downvote the stuff you actively want off of the site. It's pretty fucking easy and takes zero brain cells to put into action, but I'll get downvoted for this inevitably out of spite.
                I like the combat in Arkham/Shadow of Mordor and still think combat is the worst part of Witcher 3. If the combat was more fun (or just not required/handled totally differently?) I probably would have finished it, but at this point it's stuck forever in my "maybe I'll go back to it someday" pile.
                Maybe I'm just getting old but I also find the combat system really hard to remember. It doesn't help that the spells have obscure names rather than just, you know, what they do.
                Yeah, it sucks. Maybe it was "ok" for its time, but it's a glorified left click sim in which you're rewarded for using the right oil before the fight.

Still a great game, but not worth playing on any difficulty above normal.
                i believe rolling should be abolished in all games. The witcher 3's combat design is absolutely horrendous and rushed imo. People forget that CDPR was rushing at the end of production. There was no love there just like cyberpunk but they managed somehow to skirt that perception with the witcher.
                The combat is fucking stupid because it's meta perfect. The story author "knows Jack about swordfighting".  Geralt and Vesi have no idea how to use crossbows or grenades either.
                    [deleted]
                        Well if you're a monster used to dealing with swords and armor some lunatic throwing grenades is going to catch you by surprise.  

"That was then.  This is now."
                    Meta perfect?
                Arkham's style is button mashing with environment interaction. It's nothing like Witcher 3 combat. 

Witcher 3 has i-frames, counters, block, parry, sidestep, dashes, timing, AI changes (enraged, packs) etc. It's quite literally a dance when you get into the rhythm.
            Thats what Im currently doing. Usually I play games at the highest difficulty. But playing W3 at the second easiest (not sure what that is called) difficulty and its so much fun. I just finished stuff in Novigrad and man, some moments are emotional and hard hitting.
                You still have tons of amazing moments to experience and I'm so jealous, I wish I could erase my memories and play it for the first time again.
            

>it's completely OK just to play story mode and enjoy it.

This is true for literally every game. Play the game how you like so you get your enjoyment out of it.
        Just curious why did you opt to play on the hardest difficulty for a first playthrough? For me, I'll usually finish my first playthrough in any game on whatever is engaging, easy or medium usually and then once I've mastered the mechanics I'll jump up to hard.

Also a lot of games lose a lot on hard difficulty, usually a sign of a weak combat system that doesn't scale very well, and the Witcher 3 absolutely has a weak combat system. 

But considering you're not taken in by any of the stories yet, maybe the game just isn't for you.
            I've had the same question reading this thread. I don't understand why OP (and so many others) pick the hardest difficulty on their first playthrough of anything. It's an odd mentality. 

If I see a "Normal" difficulty setting, I assume the developer called it that because that's the way the game is normally meant to be played, and every difficulty higher than that is for after the first playthrough.
                When you have all the way to hundreds of games with varying length awaiting their turn in your backlog, you really can't afford to do a second playthrough of games, so might as well do it on overdrive the first time through.
                    Counterpoint, if you have a backlog 100s strong, why spend more time on a game struggling through the highest difficulty when you could play it through on Normal and get to your other games quicker?
                Harder difficulty tends to feel how the game is designed. Games not fun when you can mow down enemies. I prefer it when the enemies have me on the ropes.
                    I agree, but it seems like whatever "Normal" difficulty is, that should be the most balanced way to play. If it's too easy and not the way the game was intended to be played, then it doesn't make sense for the developers to call it "Normal."

The hardest difficulty should be for veterans who want more challenge than balance. Which should make it no surprise that it's not going to be as fun for a first playthrough, when the mechanics are still unfamiliar.
                        I usually have a method.

If the game has three difficulty settings. I put on hard, which is the third one. As that's the way it's meant to be played.

If the game has four or five difficulty settings, I will put it on the second hardest one, because that many settings usually has the hardest one as excessively difficult.
                Some people play on the highest difficulty because they feel they'll get respect/credit/awesome points for beating a game at that level.
        I had the same issue in Cyberpunk. Then I lowered the difficulty and while it's much much easier and I'm practically a god from the start I was able to sit back and relax and play the game how I wanted to. Same with The Witcher come to think of it
        Also stop worrying so much about the **?** signs.
        I second the lower difficulty and just toss yourself into the story and witcher contracts. Don't try to be completionist. But the main quest and Witcher stuff, when appropriately leveled, is worth it. Don't go back for stuff you've surpassed in the journal unless you're just loving the game. The countless question marks and other stuff is there if you want it or need coin to afford specific upgrades you want. But if you're able to progress the main quests and you're enjoying your build then it's not worth it to get bogged down. The character wants to find his daughter, play with that idea in mind and the game will deal with the rhythm itself. 


I would add to this logic that you still haven't hit the point in the game where the RPG system really kicks in and makes a huge difference. The adrenaline system really makes the whole thing work but you don't start getting those perks until around where you are at the earliest. That feature will determine things like how crazy your potions are or whether you get a free death-avoid in combat, for instance. Things that really specify the playstyle you choose are coming down the pipe, as well as the purchaseable item to respec at will. 


I've beaten the game once but had a number of false start second playthroughs on higher difficulties. I'm playing on an easier setting now and loving it. The game has terribly balanced difficulty. It feels like there's no middle ground between an arcade-y experience or one where you have to painstakingly prepare for every fight and avoid all mistakes. Given those options I think a story-centric option makes sense for a first playthrough.
            Hey late reply but which difficulty are you currently playing on?
        Don't focus on the open world part. Just go from main quest to side quest. 

Open world exists so that the story feels alive. Get the story rolling on an easier difficulty. It's a great story. And the Game really gets much much better once you get to novigrad.
        It won't.  There's a fundamental disconnect here.  Some people just don't care about gameplay, those people have a high chance of liking TW3.  Some people do care about gameplay, those people have a high chance of disliking TW3.  

Play Elden Ring instead.
            I made the mistake of trying to do the Witcher after playing dark souls. I couldn't do it...
            My husband hated W3 combat. He plays online games mostly and rarely plays single player games until I recommend him something many times. He loved the game and even finished it.
            I care about gameplay and love Witcher 3. I thought Elden Ring was mediocre however.
        I was similar to you either this one. Had several attempts but the burn out was real. The last time I played it through my goal was to hit the story fairly quickly with minimal side quests. Unless they were particularly cool like go kill a dragon or somewhat related to the story. Ended up at about 120 hours on a bare bones play through. Easiest difficulty so no worries for oils and all the extra RPG crap. I think you gotta enjoy the setting as well though. Usually I like Sci Fi style games so this was a very different game for me. Loved it at the end
        To and on the above comment, you just played the part (the swamp/bog) where the entire point of the story is to feel despair, 4 times in a row. The game becomes more fun from that point, but also it's probably not the game for you
        [deleted]
            How much better does it get after Novigrad?

I’ve lowered the difficulty and am basically just following the main quest at this point. I’m enjoying it more but I can’t say I’m “loving it”. The presentation is fantastic and the dialogue is great though.
                [deleted]
                    I think that's a good way to put it, TW3's open world elements really are predictable and repetitive. I mean you can simply ignore them, but at that point, why even bother if you're not going to engage with the game's mechanics.
        I'm at playthrough attempt #4, been playing around 32h and finally heading for Skellige. The trick for me was exactly that. I play on easy, doing quests that only interests me like scavenging and hunting stuff for school uniforms, I mean armor, and quests with interesting story behind them. I like the easy mode because I can progress the main story at any time I want, and overpowered enemies still one hit, so there is a small fear of seeing op enemy.  


Switch to easy and do exactly what you want in the game.
    So this is another thing - where is this "great story"? I am serious, I played for about 20 hours before I quit. The main story was atrocious. It was all just - go help this guy and get some info, then go help this guy and get some more info on and on. Does it get better at a later point?
        Nope it's pretty much a story about a guy who gets dragged around like a dog on a chain by everyone, it fits well with the protagonists personality.
    Playing Witcher 3 on easy is what finally allowed me to love the game. Honestly I just don’t like the combat, but the story, characters, environments are incredible.
    I’m there with you. The older I get, the more I realize I simply don’t have the time anymore to put a ton of hours into a game. I want to get the most out of my experience in a reasonable amount of time, and if that involves dropping the difficulty down to easy or normal, so be it. 

Putting the extra pressure of challenge on myself is serving nobody and is doing nothing but adding more time to something I don’t get to do much at all. I have nothing to prove to anybody by saying “I beat it on Death March.” At the end of the day, truly, nobody cares. 

I want to play the game, experience what it has to offer, finish it, and move on to the next one.
    I played on Death March on my second play through and absolutely loved it. What I didn't love was the fact that the achievement for finishing it on DM glitched out and I didn't get it. Felt like a waste of time a little bit. But at least I know in my mind that I did finish it on that difficulty.
    Yeah I used to be someone who made it a point to play on hard modes. I still do in some cases like with Doom, as I find they were really built with them in mind, but most story modes I find to be most enjoyable right around medium. I've found that the real way for me to gain immersion is by turning off as much HUD as possible. Then I can actually use landmarks and explore, instead of follow a glowing path or question mark on a minimap.
        > I find they were really built with them in mind

This is key: if a game's tuned for hard that mode will shine, if it's not that mode will feel like a slog.  It's usually apparent by a few hours in if not sooner.
    Not OP but your comment about signs and oils is interesting. I've always wanted to play Witcher 3 but all the menus, potions, crafting, etc feels overwhelming. Are you saying I could play on a lower difficulty, ignore most of that stuff, and still enjoy the game? Maybe play it like more or an action game with a deep story vs a hardcore RPG?
        Yes, on a lower difficulty you really don't need most of that stuff. A couple of the signs are useful but you can just buy potions and ignore oils.
            Thanks for the tips! Appreciate it
        I literally just used the shield sign and light attack 90% of the time
    I found once I turned off the question marks the game became what I wanted.
    Very late reply but yeah this is true. I tried for months to play it but got annoyed by all the signs and shit and didn't want to lower the difficulty because of my 'gamer ego' lmfao. I turned it down until later on when I could handle death march and just enjoyed the story. Hands down one of the best games I've ever played, one of the few games I wish I could play for the first time again.
    > Your issue is you are playing on death march and experiencing the game as anyone playing on death march would.

I always laugh a little when someone complains about a game being tedious or slow or a slog and they're playing on the hardest difficulty.  It's a regular thing with Dying Light, which is tuned for the player to play through on each difficulty consecutively - someone plays on Nightmare and complains that all the enemies are damage sponges and it's tedious and awful and it's like "yeah you're supposed to be partially through the Legend skill tree on Nightmare, wtf are you doing?"

Some games just don't have their difficulty scaling tuned very well, or their difficulty levels are built for certain types of experiences.  Witcher 3 on hard is great if you're trying to immerse yourself in the role, and really want to study the world lore and enemy bestiary and all that tedious slog stuff.  That's the whole point of that difficulty, really - to force you to use all the knowledge and mechanics at hand for as many fights as possible.  Unfortunately the combat itself doesn't really support that, there's no extra enjoyment in the gameplay itself with that unless you really want every battle to feel like a Big Deal.

I have a friend who won't play anything on lower than the hardest difficulty because "I want the challenge".  Ironically he also played Diablo 2 regularly for years, where "start on easy and work your way through the difficulty levels" is one of the core gameplay mechanics.
    I'm having the same experience as OP. The game is dull as hell.

I'm playing on death march and this has nothing to do with the difficulty selection. I've been able to clear a village of level 25 gouls while being level 7. There's absolutely no challenge in the combat mechanic. Quen, dodge, light attack. Always works no matter the level of the enemy. The gear has no impact what-so-ever. Does not make me want to loot anything.

All missions are the same, the game is just a checklist.

The female characters are all just boobs on legs.

I find myself either fast traveling or always looking at the mini-map.

The world is flat as far as one can see.

And I don't understand all the praise about this game. It was released in 2015, but it does not stand the comparison with Assassin's Creed 2 released in 2009. Way more engaging, beautiful cities, more challenging combats, better move mechanics, even though the game is also just a checklist. Or the comparison with Elder Scrolls oblivion, released in 2006, where you can actually go anywhere in the world and just explore endlessly.
    If you want to experience real difficulty, try Insane mode in the Witcher 2. Just as the name suggests, it can really make you go insane.
    I'd argue that playing Witcher 3 on higher difficulty levels makes it a much better game. It's otherwise far too easy and gets repetitive even quicker.
        Depends, I'd say that difficulty in most video games can easily be more tedious for a lot of people, especially in an RPG where the only difference is going to be more numbers = more time spent on it.
            I've never played a game where increasing difficulty did anything more than just stat bloat mobbs by doubling their health and giving them a small damage boost. Just hitting something 3 more times than before isn't  "difficulty" to me if the ai is exactly the same.
                I feel like increasing the difficulty in The Last of Us is perfect, it makes it so that your resources are more limited, and you have to be more strategic.
                    Increasing the difficulty in doom eternal made it so that more demons could attack you at the same time
        Yup, witcher always had bad difficulty scaling. It starts off very hard and becomes very easy very quickly.

Playing it on Easy would honestly make OP quit the game even faster. Terrible advice.
    Nah, the game is still stupidly, insultingly easy on death march because the mechanics are so shallow that there is no possibility of skill even entering the equation and gear and skill choices are so basic that there's no room for interesting growth there either.  It's Baby's First Open World Action / Adventure game.  That's the problem with the game.
        They downvote you, but you're completely right.

 Difficulty has nothing to do with why OP finds the game tedious and boring, as you've said, Death March is only hard at the beginning and gets very easy very quickly.
Why the hell are you playing on death March? Pacing would seem brutal with that difficulty. That’s meant to be the challenge level after you’ve already beat the game and enjoyed it at a more reasonable difficulty
    Exactly my thought.  I thought it'd be neat to go for the platinum by playing on Death March after I'd played through the game & DLCs, but a couple of frustrating, dull hours on DM difficulty was enough to convince me not to bother.  My brother had the same sort of experience, and he actually enjoys really challenging games.
    Yeah this is baffling. Not enjoying the game and continuing to play it on the hardest difficulty...
        Yeah, seriously
    I'm really not so sure about that, I did my first playthrough on death march and to me it felt like it made encounters more meaningful. It meant I had to prepare for bigger encounters, brew potions, oils and all the setup which to me was in line with what a witcher was all about.
        I did the same, same reasoning, but unfortunately I then ended up more like OP.

Interesting I did enjoy and complete CP2077 so I might need to give TW3 another go.
        Exactly my experience. The slavic chanting, the last second dodging from a devastating ghoul slash, so good
    I've played it on Death March from the get go with level scaling. It's not that difficult. I'm not a great gamer, I get my ass handed to me in easier games, it's just that I got the hang of it pretty fast. That isn't to say that if you find a game to difficult to enjoy, it's a shame to lower the difficulty.
        I think the issue is more that Death March does make the game a bit more tedious, since you need to setup before encounters, and OP’s issue seems to stem from the game not respecting their time (while they’re playing on the difficulty that specifically drags the game out).
            Okay this is interesting, because I love how Death March requires us to use every mechanic, and I’m not sure if playing on lower difficulty would mean I simply never use oils ever, or whenever I do then I’m so OP it’s not fun.

What are your thoughts?

EDIT:
Lol I’m getting downvoted for asking about someone’s opinion.
                So, I beat Witcher 3 just before Blood and Wine came out. I didn’t do it on Death March, I did it on whatever “Normal” is called. My experience with the combat was this:

-	Potions and oils are nice, but not required (unless they are specifically required to hit a monster that can’t be hit in any other way)
-	Signs are nice, but not required
-	I actually beat the game without using the shield sign (except when it was required) because I didn’t realize how OP it was

So you can definitely beat the game with “the true Witcher experience” of prepping for every encounter, as far as I know. Things might be different in Blood and Wine, but I haven’t played it, so I don’t know about that (I’ve been thinking of doing another playthrough with the Witcher 3 Enhanced Edition mod that overhauls the gameplay completely for some time now).
        Eh, combat in the Witcher games has always been a low point, in my opinion. Playing on harder difficulty levels just drags out an already lacklustre part of an extremely long game..
        Agreed, I also started on Death March, and once you get past the tutorial area and get some gear, the game becomes insanely easy. Genuinely don't understand why everyone calls it difficult.
            Maybe people who find it difficult haven’t discovered how broken dodge is? And Quen for that matter.
                Yup, I like this subreddit but for some reason they mass downvote anyone who dares to say that Death March isn't as hard as it sounds..
                    Possibly because it tends to be a response to people saying it's hard?

You have people saying "maybe you shouldn't play it on the hardest difficulty", then others responding "but it's not hard though"... it's just... pointless?

Yeah, maybe it's not hard for you, but for someone else it might be. It's obviously harder than easier difficulties.
                        It’s surprisingly divisive. A lot of games it’s more of kind of a 🤷‍♂️ to what difficulty to play on. With Witcher 3 though I feel like Deathmarch is the only way the game should be played. Upping from normal really added a lot more engagement to everything for me
    Some people think their life is worth more when they play everything on hardest difficulty.
    I played on Death March to start, otherwise it was too easy. Potions and oils are just not needed on easier levels, at least on DM I needed to occasionally use a few of the 40 potions I had found the recipe for.
    I’m not particularly good at video games and I find Deathmarch to be pretty easy tbh. Started on normal, started to feel the game’s combat was losing my interest, upped the difficulty after leaving the starting area, and deathmarch really added some fun and focus to the early game. Gave the monsters a sense of danger.

Really the only way I’d recommend the witcher, otherwise it seems like it’d get too mindless.
    [deleted]
40 hours!? That is like 39 hours later than what I'd consider the threshold of "maybe changing the difficulty will help".  

OP, why care so much about how influential a game is? It seems like you have come to some conclusions about this game, many of which I can't dispute either. Spare yourself and don't stress over what other people like. My advice to you and others if anyone cares, is to never waste time with a game if you don't enjoy it after multiple hours. Some fans will always be telling you to hang in there because it gets better and bla bla. Never found that to be true, and even in game with a terrible first impression, you will find some clues as to whether it is your cup of tea or not. Maybe come back to it after some time but don't force it. It is only our hobby after all! Treat yourself to a game you actually enjoy.  

Also, open world rpg fatigue is real. I finished the witcher 3 three times. If it came out today, I'd probably only finish it once.
    So true, i tried dishonored 2 because i loved the first one and after a few hours of dying multiple times in medium difficulty, i said f*** it
    practice plucky rock public squalid physical longing shocking scale wild

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
    Just putting it out there, I will often try to finish a game even if I'm not having fun with it because I feel bad being part of the discussion if I haven't seen it to the end. I give up on a lot of games, but sometimes I finish something just because it dominates the current gaming conversation.
        So do I. I finish most games I start but clearly OP is beyond that point with this game. Sometimes it is just not for you.
    Discouraged the guy from playing one of the best games of all time when he was getting actual good advice to just lower the difficulty. Shame he listened to you.
        Shame that the guy will stop torturing himself over a game? Man, you are nuts. The guy has played 40 (FORTY!!) hours of this game already throughout multiple attempts. He doesn't need to hear from me for the 300th time circlejerk about how great of a game it is. He's heard it enough times already that he's forcing it upon himself and is in evaluating life choices territory now. People go through these feelings before they quit a long time job or drop out of college on the third year, not over a game.  

If there is an iota of him that happens to remotely like this game, then op would have found that within himself ten times over by now. Not to mention, OP specifically says he is on death march for this particular run as an attempt to find joy in the game. It is not a random mistake on his part.
            No, I said it was a shame he did not take advice to just lower the difficulty. He’s been torturing himself to 1) play the game and 2) play it on death march. Only one of those is a mistake for a first run and if you’re having trouble getting to where the story starts to branch and get really good. We all know the combat is weak, and he has made that the most time-consuming part of the game for him. He complains of having to do the same thing over and over, but doesn’t see that he would have some flexibility to find a play style within the combat system on a lower difficulty. 

I play Destiny 2 so I am not exactly some stranger to difficult choices about games and time spent etc. I am a try hard and I did Witcher 3 on Blood and Broken Bones and it was perfect. I am not nuts at all - I wish the guy had taken the advice of the many many people saying ‘wrong difficulty bro, that’s causing all that stuff you’re complaining about’ instead of one person or a few people who just said ‘forget about it, you obviously don’t like it!’ I wouldn’t like it on Death March either for my first try. The fact he’s ‘doing it deliberately on that setting’ is…irrelevant if it’s the wrong setting for a first play through. 

‘I made the game so hard it has to be played in a boring way and I don’t like it because it’s too slow and hard!’ That’s what I read and I was delighted to see so many people giving the right advice: just turn down the difficulty. Those people were speaking to OP’s desire to play the game and find what is so great about it. I will always prefer to have someone listen to an encouraging voice than one that says ‘just give up bro’. 

I can well recall spending 250 hours in this game and not thinking the first 50 were particularly special. I didn’t know what a gem I was playing until I was done in Velen. 40 hours or not, this guy has not really given the game a feasible chance to be enjoyed. Turn the difficulty down, get the story going, get the good side quests going. He wants to enjoy himself and asked us for advice and I see a lot more people saying turn the difficulty down than ‘just quit bro you obviously don’t like it’. He genuinely doesn’t know that yet, it is a slow burn massive RPG. 

I didn’t watch Gladiator until I was almost 30 because I found the first hour slow, before the plot is established. Would you tell me to stop watching the movie at that point? No. So OF COURSE stop doing something making you miserable: that something is not playing Witcher 3! It’s playing Witcher 3 on Death March for a first attempt when it’s not even a type of game you like! That’s not a way to give the game an actual chance. If he’s just found out Ciri went to Novigrad, he hasn’t experienced ANY of the content the game is so loved for. So advice to stop playing when the difficulty is the problem is bad advice.
                OP has already tried the game on a lesser difficulty, so most of what you are saying does not even apply. Did you even read the post? What more must he do to satisfy your quotas? 40 hours may be a relatively short time for some other longer playtime or evergreen game like an mmo but for the witcher it is more than enough. Even in a thousand hour game, no game goes from zoning out to think about life choices level of bad to being a great game. Maybe it goes from meh to decent. So I will tell people to quit most of the time if they are truly miserable. Maybe some people can read games better than you and don't need 50 hours. The guy is saying he is actively questioning his life choices for god's sake. What is there to gain from forcing a game on yourself?  

For the sake of argument, the difficulty doesn't even change much in this game. If it did, and he was actually randomly starting on hardest for his first playthrough, I'd have absolutely told him. It is not some deep game that dawns on your mind over a long period of time. It is a game with a lot of effort and care and value put into it, but in the end it is still another simple open world rpg. Even if it is the GOAT in that genre, op has specifically mentioned not liking that style of game. Just because you have limited perspective on games and are lost in circlejerk, it does not mean the game is not objectively weak and limited in certain aspects. The guy listed them in a tangible way. He was not able to look past them like you and I did. If you want to motivate him to play, tell him his issues can be circumvented or that it gets better in time (don't forget the why and how!) instead of this cultist level blind praise with no substance and focusing on abstracts like things revealing their true nature after unspecified amounts of time.  

Just because a game or movie has wide critical acclaim does not mean everyone needs to enjoy it otherwise they don't "get" it. In fact, I am finding the opposite to be true these days. In the end OP is free to choose as he desires. If he wants to go with the "a lot more people" because they are numerous about a game he started to play and not enjoy because he listened to the numbers in the first place, he can do so and give it another 40 hours. I am just trying to help the guy as someone who has played, enjoyed and recommended this game to other people.
My favorite part of the Witcher is all the small stories and the DLC. The main story is fun, but I loved the sidequests I discovered naturally. They were the reason I kept playing. Oh and the two DLC’s are the best stories I’ve ever experienced in games. 

If you aren’t having fun just stop, but if you want to keep playing, don’t play on death march. The combat in the Witcher is kind of ass, so I’d just play on normal. Higher Difficulty just scales up the numbers on a game with clunky combat. No one plays the Witcher for the combat, so why make the combat more annoying than it already is? I’m not playing to die to dogs that are higher leveled than me over and over, this isn’t Elden Ring, I’m here for the story.
    I must respectfully disagree with the combat take….somewhat. I played through twice on lower difficulties (maybe normal, then hard?) and the combat was always meh. Def agree there. However, my third playthrough was on deathmarch, and I thought it added so much. You really have to know the enemies and their weaknesses. Always prep with oils and potions. It really brought a lot out of the game for me, so I always recommend it. You’re right though, still not as good as other games like elden ring. 

But I will agree with the rest of your take. If OP isn’t enjoying deathmarch then def shouldn’t keep playing on deathmarch hahaha.
        I think the boss monsters in regular difficulty should've had their difficulty way higher than it was, especially since damage sponge Drowners on the higher difficulties aren't actually much fun compared to a really hard Wyvern fight.
    > the two DLC’s are the best stories I’ve ever experienced in games

+1. The main quest is only truly great if you've read the books and/or watched the Netflix series. TW3 alone doesn't provide enough context as to why Geralt should care about Yennefer or Ciri.

Blood and Wine added a ton of new content and the story is great. Hearts of Stone is on another level entirely. It is one of my favorite stories regardless of medium, best game for sure.
        I played the game before reading the books and watching the series, still absolutely loved it. I *am* very annoyed with myself for choosing Triss over Yennefer, I never could understand why she was being such a bitch. NOW I KNOW!!!

Currently replaying and going to fix all my mistakes.
Every game is repetitive and most are simplistic. TW3's real draw is its story and lore. If it doesn't interest you after all this time, stop playing.
    Yeah seriously, nobody is playing TW3 primarily for the gameplay, yet that's the only aspect the guy seems to really focus on. Experiencing the story alone should get a player hooked. If they aren't, it's not the right game for them
    Yep, I realized this when I started to get burned out on gaming a few months ago (I took a break). Every game is the same boring repetitive elements. The difference is really immersion. Some games get you immersed, while others don't. If it's not working then move on.
    Funny, I thought the story was trash after..Skellige I guess. It starts pretty good but after the main attack and the gang following the antagonist it nose dives hard 

I’m glad that the DLC are great though, finished the 1st and plan on playing the second dlc soon.
        [deleted]
            Not sure why I was downvoted so much, but yes the side content really shines
        Yeah from what I understand they ran out of time and the 3rd act (after kaer morhen) is way shorter than planned
        I agree, found myself just rushing to finish at a certain point because I'd already invested the time. Didn't visit the dlc
            Oh no, you missed out, both DLCs have far better main quests than the base game :(
            I did exactly the same. I was so close to the end and then just rushed to the end. Bad mistake. I came back years later and did the DLC... Omg I missed out. 

The main quest is whatever, the real gems are the side quests and the dlc. And fortunately if you jump back into the game and don't have your save file you can skip to lvl 30 if you just want to experience the dlc.
            Ah man you gotta play the DLC, Heart of Stone is great
    [deleted]
        If The Witcher 3 has bad gameplay in your opinion, which games do you like? I would love to try anything better, but I am suffering from the post-W3-syndrome: every game I try after finishing TW3 feels so much worse, that I find it hard to invest time into it.
            Elden Ring, has much better gsmeplay than TW3 IMO
                I have seen a few gameplay videos, but the game looked like there is no content beyond going forward and swinging your sword. May try it though when it's on sale.
                    That is definitely not how I would describe the game. The combat is far better and more varied than TW3, and the world has more variety and dungeons and things to do.
                    It's really hard to make sense of what people in the gaming community mean when they use words. I have heard from many people that Elden Ring has no content or that the world is empty. I have also heard from many people that Witcher 3 is boring. Elden Ring has tons of content but it does not come as quests, characters and stories. Of those Elden Ring barely has any. If you want a game with an epic quest where you meet many interesting characters, ER is not it. ER has amazing combat, build variety and level design though and some of the best exploration ever. W3 has none of these last things which is why people might consider it boring but W3 has the amazing storylines.
                    You think a Dark Souls game is nothing but swing your sword? What rock have you been living under that you don't understand Dark Soul games you have to learn the pattern of the enemies and the move set of your weapon with limited healing? 

It is literally one of the best games ever made lol. The game is based around combat. If you go fight something and you are under leveled you will probably die. BUT! The great thing is that if you learn the pattern to the enemy and the timing you need with your weapon you can still beat them. 

And the great news is that enemies you thought were difficult before start to become easier as you level up and getting better upgrades for your weapons, more health, more stamina, and better armor. 

The best thing about Elden Ring is that it is much easier and more forgiving in the overall design compared to older titles.
            Try these:

*Divinity Original Sin 2

*Disco Elysium

*Pillars of Eternity Deadfire

Yes these are CRPGs but they have deep lore and fantastic characters/writing, same as the Witcher does. I'd recommend Dragon Age and Mass Effect series but I assume you played those.
                *me when I see Pillars of Eternity II mentioned*

Ekera!
                    Haha, I'm 99 hours in and honestly this is the most common word in Deadfire.
Probably not your thing. But you're also making it hard on yourself. If you want to actually beat the game...

1. Don't play on death march, it requires too much attention to avoiding getting one-shotted and already bullet-spongy enemies are even pointlessly tougher

2. There are a bunch of mods that fix issues like wasting your time picking up junk loot, and improve QOL issues like equipment degradation, more fast inventory slots, easier access to oils/potions etc.

I never understand why people say a game is a grind and yet are playing it in its grindiest mode. Set it to normal, apply some mods, and slay some monsters
    I'll add the mod to fast travel from anywhere was especially useful. Also fast looting.
    strong wasteful squeeze aspiring hard-to-find toy pot fearless normal crowd

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
        Auto-loot (set to 1 metre or so) and 9999 carry weight capacity vastly improved my experience with the game. I liked it before but it was becoming tedious to pay so much attention to looting and then be punished by the small inventory size.

I used a mod to auto-apply oils so I needn't bother with the micromanagement. You wrote you dislike the travel times so 'Fast Travel from Anywhere' might be for you. I personally found that I much more enjoyed travelling the world as intended instead, since I quickly turned the game into a constant mess of just teleporting everywhere and it really killed the mood for me, so I got rid of that mod quickly, and you can also soft-lock your game if you fast travel out of quest areas when the game intended to trigger an event on the way out. For example you might be deep in a cave, kill the boss monster, and then teleport out. But by default you cannot teleport from within the cave and have to walk out, which triggers a dialogue with an npc for example.

I also used Ultra Gore 2 set to sometimes dismember because it felt much more superhuman witcher to me.

Whatever you decide for I recommend trying out The Witcher 3 HD Reworked Project.
            >Auto-loot (set to 1 metre or so) and 9999 carry weight capacity vastly improved my experience with the game.


This. Absolutely this. Same here. Those mods absolutely changed my feelings about playing Witcher. I've used similar mods in Skyrim and New Vegas for the same effect.


It's amazing once you use them, you realize how much time you spend in these games just picking up stuff and managing your encumbrance in your inventory. Picking flowers and stuff in these games is tiring. Or just the time you spend looking around every room for any lootable containers. Autoloot lets me just focus on the story and quest without worrying about checking the 10 sacks in the corner.
I absolutely don't get how you can put 40 hours over 4 periods on a game and still trying to like the game. Why? Is conforming to the general opinion that important to you? Are you actually feeling like you're missing out just because you don't like The Witcher 3? Who cares? Even if you end up liking the game, would that have been worth it the time and effort it took? This all just reads like a colossal waste of time.
    Well, I mean there are a lot of acquired tastes (games, books, films, food, drink, music) where it’s hard to get into it but if you stick with it it can be super rewarding. If there’s a game like Witcher 3 that almost everybody agrees is great, it can be worth sticking with it if you end up really enjoying it later. 

That being said, I gave Witcher 3 a good try myself and have come to the conclusion that it’s def not for me
        That's how I am with Soulsborne games. I played thru 75% of Dark Souls 1 a decade ago before the genre became insanely popular, so I can say I've experienced it--I understand the appeal and I enjoy the world building and lore--but good grief I loathe the miserable gameplay. I feel like I'm missing out but...it's just not for me.

A few years ago I put 15 hours into Ashen thinking maybe I'd like it better since the art style appealed to me more. NOPE lol. Watching other people play Elden Ring is much better than the stress of playing it myself.
    arrest piquant butter party racial disagreeable fragile aware bag tidy

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
        You wrote:

>I don’t even understand what I actually enjoy.

but in the OP:

>I'm not a big fan of massive open world games

\--

I think you're setting yourself up for failure by playing this game as an open-world RPG when you already know you don't like open-world games and you're also burned out on RPGs.

Set it to easy or medium difficulty, follow the main quest only for a while and treat it like an interactive movie. If you end up having fun, keep going. If you don't, stop playing and move on with your life. Plenty of other games out there and there's no harm in missing a few here or there, especially given that you already gave it multiple tries.

If anything, you can always look up a 15-30 minute youtube story summary if you care about the story but not the game itself.
>For reference, for this playthrough, I've been playing on Deathmarch the entire way,

...why!?
    I can't even put into words my feelings while reading OP's post when I got to that point. It's just so...idiotic?
        This guy seriously tried four separate times playing a game he doesn't even like. I don't get it.
        Yes, it's dumb.
        A lot of people recommend it even for a first playthrough. But yeah looking back it is dumb.
            Where are these recommendations coming from? I’ve never heard people suggesting you play it on the hardest difficulty, it’s very much a story based experience with okay combat and cool monsters and situations.
                If you search “What difficulty should I play Witcher 3 on?” on google you get a lot of  Reddit threads, though mostly from Witcher related ones, overwhelmingly recommending DM. Though interestingly someone did a poll and most polled that they played on “Story and Sword”.
            It's not your fault OP, these guys are overreacting. I'm really surprised that someone recommended that to you.
                Yes it is, if a lot of people recommend you to smoke meth would you think it's a great idea?
                    comparing meth to one of the most highly regarded games of all time is a dumb comparison.

I mean i'd recommend for people to play on deathmarch because you have to learn the systems and its not like the combat is difficult at all, but if you dont like it obviously dont play on it lol
    And then comes to reddit to announce to the world he's giving up. Oh poor soul.
Witcher 3 gameplay and quest design are extremely repetitive, especially when compared to other RPGs. There’s very limited interactivity, you either talk to someone, fight something, or follow a trail. Considering that’s all there is and none of these mechanics has any significant depth, the quest designers had a very limited set of mechanics to work with when creating quests.

Its real strengths lie in the storytelling and how different each of these quests can feel by the simple virtue of strong writing and atmosphere. You might have a better time on a lower difficulty where the game can feel more like a Witcher short story simulator, but if that’s not your thing, then give up on the game.
To fix the combat aspect i played with the mod Enhanced Edition (not to be confused with the edition that is coming out).

It completely delevels the world, making it so you can tackle the story however you want: you can start in novigrad, you can start in velen. You choose.

The monsters also don't have levels. You just have stronger monsters than others. But they come with their own weaknesses and strategies. You build up your knowledge on how to fight them, kinda like a Witcher.

The economy is also changed: you get less money, there's less junk to sell, and things you need cost money too. However, witcher quests now can pay you a lot more. This forces you to roam around on the path to find beast contracts for money.

There's no autolock anymore (unless you want to). You hit where you strike, and with ctrl or shift you can extend that strike to medium and long range. So that's the acrobatic style of the Witcher. You also can't spam quen anymore, because there's a whole stamina system in place now. You need to actively dodge or parry now.

The mod is very customizable and frankly this really changed the game for the better in my case. As the vanilla playthrough, while fun, didn't really make me feel engaged in the world. Now I'm actually feeling like a witcher.
    Hello! I've helped develop this mod in the distant past. I recommend checking out the Redux version of the mod by Kolaris as well. It's a nice continuation of the project that is still getting regular updates.

Thanks for the shout out!
        Oh yeah I recognize your nickname! It's a wonderful mod that's brought many a lot of fun. You should be very proud. 

I have set Witcher 3 aside for now, but I'll check it out when i start playing again.

Thanks again for all your hard work. It made a great game into something superb.
Its a game that relies on its story. I completely understand i couldnt get into it either.
Oh man I really enjoyed that game. Anyway you should try something else. Different strokes for different folks.
    “Same strokes for everyone”
-Tom Segura
>For reference, for this playthrough, I've been playing on Deathmarch the entire way

Hmmm

I loved the game and played it one the easiest difficulty. It made fights quick and cool.
Wow, we have had very different experiences with this game. I loved the open world and roaming the map on Roach. The landscapes are so beautiful and the music is great. I also tortured myself so much with the different outcomes my choice could bring to the story. in general, I really like exploration. I can't count how many times I died because I feel from some mountain I was trying to painfully "climb".

But then, if you don't enjoy it, it's ok, don't torture yourself with it. As you are saying, time is limited, just do something you enjoy!
I've started it multiple times. I get to the griffin fight and then I stop playing. It's funny because I played so much of the first game and loved it. I mainly think the reason I have such a hard time playing it is because of the combat. I got so used to the way the first game played that trying to play 2 and 3 was just annoying for me. I wish there was a way to set the combat to play like the first game.
I've played The Witcher 3 for hundreds of hours on multiple playthroughs and it's never the gameplay itself that brings me back. The gameplay is functional and serviceable, if mostly unremarkable. It's the story, quests and atmosphere, seeing how the various choices affects quest outcomes and latter consequences, and sometimes exploring the world more thoroughly - there are bits of content that aren't marked with "?" and can be easily missed.

So if those won't keep you interested enough to distract you from the repetition, nothing else about TW3 really will.

As a last recourse, if your FOMO is really that bad, you could try one of the few mods that completely overhaul the gameplay. For example, I played it to completion once with The Witcher 3 - Enhanced Edition mod, and that touches nearly every aspect of the gameplay: changes the combat to be more tactical and skill focused, does away with enemy and loot levels, changes the character progression (you don't have to slot skills, everything you unlock with points is available) and modifies most of the skills, and also revamps the alchemy and magic systems (for example, signs don't use stamina anymore but adrenaline points), with a boatload of other changes.

But beware that it is a hardcore mod, which means that some aspects of the game that seem to be bothering you even in vanilla, like the preparation before various monster battles, are greatly enhanced and become sometimes critical for success. You will need to adapt your strategies to the monsters and vary them way more than you ever needed to or could in vanilla, and of course, being a mod, it will also have some less polished/balanced encounters. 

That said, if the story/writing/choices/characters/world building don't catch your eye, maybe it's better to try other games that are more suited to your tastes.
You should try out a game that is different in its playstyle and story beats every few hours, like the Yakuza or NieR series. I have ADHD, so playing these super long critically acclaimed games (Witcher, Ghost of Tsushima, etc) is really hard for me when the gameplay never fuckin changes. Anyway, just my recommendation!
    Came here to say something similar. I usually have 2-3 games going simultaneously. If I'm not in the mood for one I'm usually in the mood for one of the others installed on my drive.
    I don't have ADHD and games like this where the combat never changes and you fight endless mobs of the same enemies just gets repetitive and boring. For example I just beat Spider-Man on PC. Had a blast but I'm glad the game finally ended when it did because I reached max level before the end of the main story and the combat got real old, real fast.
    Ironically I dropped Yakuza 0 but only because I was busy at the time. I may have to give it another go. I also have ADHD and it sucks.
        Have ADHD and played through the whole Yakuza Series that is on PC and currently am playing Lost Judgement.

Though 0 to me still is the best one.
        ADHD here too. Are you on meds? Honestly I could probably not finish an open world game without the chemical help.
Not alone. I picked up thr GOTY edition years back now and have tried a few different times to get into it. Just never clicked with me. I played through 2 and enjoyed it. Wasnt my favorite but had fun. 3 just couldn't grip me.
    This is interesting. I loved TW1 and TW3, but couldn't get into TW2, even though I tried about 5 times. Eventually, I watched a let's play to experience the story that way.
Never got into it either and i tried multiple times
I've basically gone in spurts of putting 10-15 hours into this game and not touching it for half a year. It's alright but not remarkable. I used some mods to improve the combat and graphics. It's story, characters and stuff are great but it's combat and otherwise is kind of meh.
    I see so many people saying "play it for the environment, story, and characters."

If I wanted that, I'd read a book. Not saying the story isn't good, but fuck off with the praise. The gameplay itself is shit and that's what needs to be looked at.
        There was a review on a season of something where a writer for the show said something like, "If you didn't enjoy season 1, you will 2"

Like, bitch, what makes you think I finished season 1?
I mostly have a problem with the difficulty of some quests. Most are okay, but then I run into one that is way above my level. (Or I'm not very good at the game). And most quests have an urgency to them. Which many RPG's have, but I feel Witcher 3 especially.

At the moment I'm stuck having to fight a werewolf in a cave underneath some cabin. And the quest is telling me that that werewolf is killing people, so I have to defeat him as soon as possible. Especially seeing I'm a Witcher. And the world relies on me to help them. I have to kill him now. But I really can't do it. I try baiting him and shooting him from a distance, rolling away when he gets close. Etcetera. But I think he heals up if he gets too far away from me? I can't remember. The last time I played was a couple of months ago.

Also, one time I walked into some graveyard with a ghost thing that one-shot me. And this was just outside a beginners town. It may be realistic, but I feel RPG's challenges should level up with your progression.
    That damn werewolf. He had me stuck for a bit as well. That was probably the hardest fight in the entire game for me.
    >But I think he heals up if he gets too far away from me?

Have you read the bestiary entry? You can disable its magic (including magic healing) by throwing a simple dimeritium bomb at it.
To me, Witcher 3 is the best single player RPG I ever played. The setting, the voice acting, the quests are top notch (IMO). 

Everything you listed as repetitive are things I enjoyed. The world is so beautiful, brutal and interesting to me. I also loved the combat for the most part. Everything in this game is done better than the older games. 

Of course, no game will please everyone. You gave it your best shot, and its not a game for you.

Check out this beautiful level in Blood and Wine - https://youtu.be/H50uvWxyL-w
If its making you question your life you should probably stop playing the game I too gave witcher 3 a good amount of time(23 hours) but it was really mid most of the way with a couple good moments in the bloody baron quest and trish quest in novigrad. I have since stopped playing it but might come back someday. Wasn't the game people were hyping it up as like at all I enjoyed cyberpunk 2077 far better than witcher 3 and people crap on that one as worst disappointment of all time.
    I completely agree. The big problem with the Witcher 3 is that the combat mechanics are dull. Cyberpunk was too easy even on the hardest difficulties, but the combat was pretty damn fun. Plus, it had extremely distinct styles you could experiment with after hours into the game. You could stop being stealth and just switch over to a melee build. (I ended up beating the end boss with my fists).
        Agreed about the combat. I had it on Very Hard from the start and never had a single encounter that felt dangerous. The [HARDCORE22 mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/1908) is making Cyberpunk combat a lot more fun for me on my second playthrough.
    I just started Cyberpunk and am really enjoying it so far. Glad I waited a year though...better to pay $10 for a finished game than pay full price to be a beta tester.
I think it's universally praised by people who love massive open world games so if you don't then of course it's not for you. Like you say life's too short. Don't feel obligated to play a game. Just move on
I felt the same way about it. There’s a lot of fun, writing an adventure and story, but it’s not a very fun video game to play and press buttons in. The combat is fucking awful and plays worse than an old assassin‘s creed game in terms of depth. All of the cool lore stuff like potions and blade oils etc. just make you spend too much time in the menu and if you install a mod to automate it, just makes it even more soulless. 

I just read the books instead. 

It also didn’t help that played Dark Souls 3 right before The Witcher 3. That was my first experience with dark souls, and it was so good at ruined a ton of other games for me permanently from that point going forward. Most rpgs have meaningless combat compared to the precision and adrenaline of ds3 and for me there’s just no going back.
Same experience. 

40 hours in and it’s just bleh to me.

I’ve got over 300 hours in various Cyberpunk play throughs though lol
It’s a very good game and also probably the most overrated game of the past decade. That’s kind of a weird statement because it really is pretty damn good if you get into it, but it’s not this masterpiece that absolutely everyone will love no matter what like some people say it is. It absolutely has flaws and it’s outright dull at times.

Personally I was into it after the Bloody Baron quest, but I almost dropped it before that. The Witcher contracts were always boring and not all of the side quests were that great, although some were. Combat never really gets much better, it’s basically a slog to get to the next story event. And if you’re not into the story, you’re really just wasting your time. But if it does manage to hook you, it’s a really good story.
The gameplay has aged poorly, but I’m surprised you don’t enjoy the world itself. I would suggest continuing to play because the world expands and the biomes are very unique and interesting imo. 

Applying oils, and using bombs, decoctions, signs, is all an attempt to make the combat feel less like a hack and slash (albeit is still very much is). It feels rewarding to read the bestiary and learn what a monsters specific weakness is and exploiting it in game.

Also you’re wrong about all side quests being fetch quests, there are some definitely, but some of the best quests are side quests and there are many of them. They start to unlock when you get to Novigrad which I should mention is also when the games pace picks up considerably. I can give you a spoiler free overview of some of the best quests in the game to get you interested if you’d like. 

And finally, the DLC for the games is probably some of if not the greatest DLC ever made for a game, up there with the likes of The Ballad of Gay Tony, The Lost and Damned, The Old Hunters, Undead Nightmare etc. It expands on the game in every way and is consistently engaging, and incredibly well paced so it doesn’t overstay its welcome. And it adds the 2 best (and hardest) boss battles in the game.
    The gameplay has aged fine it just wasn't very good to begin with.
        Yeah this game came out in 2015 not 2005. I realize time waits for no-one and that is 7 years ago now but that period of rapid evolution and refinement in gaming ended in the 2010s.
It's okay to not like universally praised game. I like open world RPGs but found GTA's mostly unappealing.
    Same. Just wondering, what do you think of RDR2? Because I tried GTA V ages ago and just didn't like it, while RDR2 was one of the best experiences in gaming for me.
        I'll probably like it based on the description I hear but just don't have the time yet to play it. I hear it is a commitment to play. I can only spend small time per sitting at the moment.
Your criticisms seem more focused on open-world games in general. I strongly dislike open-world games (usually) and I found W3 to be a mostly great experience, especially the DLCs. I think your self-professed burnout may be the issue here. I would recommend taking a few months away from the game, cranking the difficulty down to Hard, and then trying again.
    The issue with most open world games is that the world itself plays like an afterthought, and is basically irrelevant to the core gameplay experience. Most likely you'll have a typical linear story with a bunch of point A to point B railroaded missions, and then the huge world itself is just filled with pointless trite. These are games set in an open world but not making use of it. Witcher 3 doesn't gain much from the huge increase in playable area or directional freedom that it has over Witcher 2. Basically everyone says ignore the world and combat and just focus on the story. And yet it still makes you waste your time by forcing you to traverse it. Its pretty in places but you know there's basically no reason to explore on your own volition or go anywhere that the game doesn't already offer an objective marker.

I always like to bring up Prey (2017) as an example of an open world done right, almost precisely because its the exact opposite of what the industry seems to think open world means. The map is tiny in comparison, and yet it is all useful active space, rich in storytelling.
When I first played it I felt the same. I really wanted to play the game but I lost interest before I got to novigrad. Two years later played it again, got hooked and basically completed every single quest in the game apart from the gwent cards because I missed the one from the baron. I bought and read every book and also got many of the dark horse statues. Im a huge Witcher fan but even I had problems to get into it (even when I played and loved Witcher 2). Just shows if you’re trying to force it you won’t enjoy it. 

Just give up and if the time comes that you feel like playing it just so it with the mindset of “I’ll play as long as I enjoy it”
Lower the difficulty and stop chasing all of the question mark locations.
Most of them are just nests and are really dull.

This is another one of those games that suffers from being open world. It would have been better with a more reigned in scope and tighter pacing. It will turn into a Ubisoft icon collection slog if you let it.
>I keep wanting to play this game because it seems like it's universally praised as being incredible

I don't like Shawshank Redemption, get over it! :)
You might just not enjoy the game and that’s fine! I loved it, but have only played on easier difficulties as others have mentioned. 

I’ve tried playing RDR2 a few different times between PC and console and could just never enjoy it, and decided to just accept it wasn’t for me despite being universally acclaimed. Not everything has to be for everyone, it’s ok!
I just do not give a shit about story lately. There’s nothing new enough to intrigue me. It’s all about game play.
Never liked it at all. Never understood the hype and couldn’t care less. Better games are out there for me
Story based games are not your cup of tea and that is okay. I do not like FPS games at all. I still haven't given CP2077 a go because the FP lock turns my motivation down. I'll probably try it once the TP mods become playable and bugless.

What this means for W3 is that playing on death March is not gonna make the experience better. You probably won't like rdr2 either imo.
    I think I might just have to accept I don’t have the patience for a story driven game. Good on you though for at least knowing what you don’t like.
        I would say that the Witcher 3 is not a story-driven game but a stories-driven game. Almost every ? On the map has an interesting or amusing story to go along with it. Dozens of unconnected or mildly connected things that happened in a land where it's easy to go unnoticed. That's the real appeal of the game in my opinion. If that pitch does not do it for you then it's just going to be dots on a screen moving around.

The Witcher 3 is not a game you win. It's a game you experience.
Loved it, but the gameplay really doesnt matter here imo

I played 1 and 2 just before, the world, characters and general atmosphere make the series great imo - gameplay has been meh in all 3
Reminds me of Pillars of Eternity, tried three times to get into it over a 2 year period and just couldn't get past the beginning. But don't worry if a game didn't hit your G-spot, we all experience games differently and we build them up too based on how others have experienced them.
I could never get in this game, either. Tried three times. What really turned me off was having armor and weapons locked behind a level. It w was so lame and combat was very unstrataqgeic
It has a good story. I also felt like the gameplay was lackluster.
Alchemy/Combat with ursine armor, quen, lots of decorations, oil, and potions make deathmarch pretty simple.
Witcher is a pretty rough play for me too. I started to enjoy it when I turned it on a lower difficulty and just worried about the story. I too am not too interested in most open world games.
I mean

The story is good

The fighting is not great, high difficulty means you can't mess around at all. It's not fun unless you are one of those guys

But if you didn't like it at 10 hours, try something or just stop, who cares
I gave up on the Witcher 1 because there was no jump button. That’s a no from me dawg.
Sounds like you're gameplay centric

Just drop the difficulty, ignore monster hunts, nests and minor witcher weapon searches and just try to complete a side quest or part of the main quest every now and then

Read on characters backstory, get lost in the world of the witcher and stop worrying about the next fight.
I do too have the game and it is hard for me to even play the game again. There wasn’t much for me be creative on combat or overall gameplay. I value gameplay over everything in a video and when people say it’s great because of the story, no game should be excused for mediocre gameplay. It’s not for me at all.
I mean no disrespect, but I see so many posts like this on this sub and I don't understand them. People put 40+ hours into a game, find that they don't like it, come here and give a large list of good reasons why its not a good game for their taste, and expect that somehow it will "click". Its ok if you don't like it. plug any remaining hours you are planning on putting into The Witcher 3 into another game you'll enjoy more. You deserve to play something you'll enjoy
The question you have to ask yourself is: Do you care about Ciri? If yes then replay the game on story mode. If no move onto other more engaging games.   


If you're not invested in the story why even bother "trying" this game?   


Nobody will tell you that witcher 3 should be played for gameplay or because of its rich and engaging rpg mechanics. (nothing wrong with liking it, but let's just realize these 3 games are 100% about the story, and the gameplay its just there to be tolerated)  


And you're playing on deathmarch, why would you do this to yourself?
lmao when witcher 3 first came out i was just having exams in university and i knew i could not buy the game or else i would fail miserably while getting addicted to the game. 5 years passed and i picked it up for 10 bucks on sale and after playing for 10mins i realized how big this game world is and stopped playing and never tried again. i'm sure the game is cool but the fact that you can interact with everything like candles etc. is really annoying because whenever you walk by something unimportant you would get interaction messages. when using that xray type vision you see all these unnecessary and unimportant stuff and i just had a really hard time to concentrate on the important stuff.
Fuck oils and potions, all my hommies just ride that great story telling and side quests.
I had the exact same experience. Tried so hard to get into it but yeah after level 10 I just get bored.
This is not a game best played on higher difficulties imo. I would drop the difficulty and let yourself enjoy the story. That's why the game gets so much praise. If all you want is a challenging hack and slash there are other games that do that better.
You clearly dislike the game so may as well move on.  

Personally looking forward to the ps5 upgrade so I can replay it again lol
Gaming fatigue is a thing.  Gaming in general or a specific genre.  I  love MMOs but in the last 3 years I just can't stay logged in for more than an hour.  For the same reasons you've listed about Witcher 3.  The repetition, which for a time I loved, just isn't doing it for me anymore.  I finally decided to just quit playing MMOs and wait for 3+ years for Ashes, Riots MMO, a new batch of MMOs in general.  Maybe in that time waiting I'll recapture a feel for those games again.
And then there's me, love the game, tried it twice with a certain amount of hours in it each time, but encountered gamebreaking bugs with quests that stopped me from going further. 

Am I alone in this situation?
Playing witcher 3 on death march is really just masochism IMO. I typically like hard games but the combat in witcher 3 is just not good. I love witcher 3 but it really is better thought of as a roleplaying gaming that a fighting game. The dialogue, the cities, the side quests are what wins it praise and death march just makes it harder to enjoy all of that.
I think you need to deeply reflect on what you enjoy about playing games, and then stop playing games you don't enjoy.

The Witcher 3 has great writing that does a fantastic job of hiding many of the typical critiques of open-world RPGs (ie it occasionally makes a fetch quest or scene-investigation fun). The game looks nice, the characters are likeable, and the world is interesting. The fact that you still managed to have all of these critiques is impressive, if nothing else. Your issue does seem to be with RPG/ open world RPGs, not specifically the Witcher.

Now contrary to my above comment, I would actually love to read your review of any of the last 3 Assassin's Creed games.
You can only play select builds insanely overpowered builds on deathmarch ya dingleberry
Stop playing on hardmodes unless you are absolutely, positively obsessed enough with the game to RE-play it on that difficulty. Stop giving yourself a huge barrier to enjoying something that you swear you want to experience...

You're right, our time here is limited--so why are you spending it using arbitrary dick-measuring like hardmode when you could do Normal or Easy and actually experience this game (and others). I did the same stuff trying to be "a gamer" and it ruined my enjoyment of games for years until I finally said screw it and chose to play however I wanted/needed to finish a game. It feels GREAT and I actually finish games now.
Okay, probably it might not be your style, but try playing on easy difficulty and just go through the story. And once you're done with it watch the alternate endings. I swear you'll love the story. In Death March defeating the monsters would take a lot of time whereas in easy difficulty 4-5 blows and they are dead most of the times
Someone makes this exact same post every few weeks. I love this game but ffs stop trying to force yourself to like something and just move on.
Could just not be the game for you, tried 4 times myself and it never stuck with me. 

I just don't like the combat or exploring the world, there's just a weird clunkiness to it that puts me off. The movement and combat just doesn't feel smooth to me, and considering how vital that is to the core gameplay I ultimately just can never stick with it. 

Do think the dialogues great and like the storytelling the world tells you, but that wont be enough to keep me playing if the overall game doesn't feel smooth to play.
It's not a great game, despite what many have claimed. Definitely don't keep trying to like something you won't. Move on and find something enjoyable for you to do with your time.
Ive tried to get into this game 5 times now and truth be told i think this game is over hyped. Its really not that amazing as people rave on about. It's average, not this 10/10 must buy.
I've tried that game three different times because on paper, it's exactly the sort of game I should love.

I go through the tutorial. Then, every time, i get down to that first little village and all of my interest drains away before I've explored half of it.
The game isn't for you and that's fine.

I love RPGs. I love Open World Games. I love the Witcher 1 & 2.  I got bored with the Witcher 3 for a lot of the same reasons. I even went back and tried one of the more popular combat overhaul mods (name escapes me) and that honestly didn't help.  It just made the fights more tedious and annoying to me (even factoring in the customizability of the mod) - I played on the highest difficulty in Witcher 2 because that's what the tutorial suggested and it was fine, if not great.  I didn't think Witcher 3 improved on it at all.

I think part of my problem is that I've never read the books or watched the show so I ended up establishing my own canon. It doesn't help that Witcher 1 has Geralt suffering from Amnesia so he's basically you and he's still suffering in Witcher 2.  Witcher 3 had him regain his memories... and he wasn't "me" anymore.  Without the books for context, I'm going to be honest, I never really cared for Geralt's friends other than Zoltan and they never really gave me a reason to as presented in the game. Triss?  A powerful sorceress with secrets that the other Witchers didn't seem to trust (my impression from the game - again I don't know the source material).  Like, when she started coming onto me, I just got suspicious because how am I supposed to know what her motives are with a man with Amnesia?  Yennefer?  I don't think I even heard her name until Witcher 3 (though I have vague recollection she may have been in journal entries or something?). Suddenly, in Witcher 3 I have a dream with her, there's some background, and then when I finally meet her.. she yells at me for being with Triss, excuses be damned. Like, I never was with Triss (I even did Iorveth's side and went after Philipa to save Saskia over Triss because I didn't care for Roche and didn't see why "my" Geralt cared about Triss who was absent most of the game). I get that Yennefer is supposed to be the canon romance or something, but after two games, it just felt for me (yes, I know you didn't have to romance her or whatever, but it felt implied that you should).

Honestly, I may have enjoyed the Witcher 3 more if I had started with it given that I played two games without the source material and ended up with my own canon so to speak. Or if they didn't use an established character.
My take on CDPR was always, that they should really have been a company making graphically great Visual Novels, since their gameplay mostly isn't great and their open worlds feel empty but look pretty.
I'm with you. By all metrics I should love this series. I'm a huge fan of high and low fantasy and have played most other big RPGs and CRPGs.

I have 40 hours in the first game, 20 in the second, and about 40 in the third. But I just can't finish any of them. And I probably never will. I hate the setting. I hate the combat. I hate the characters. But most of all I just hate Geralt. He's just a boring motherfucker. (Not surprisingly I hated the TV show too).

I forced myself to keep going and I wish I wouldn't have. That world just isn't for me. Glad others can enjoy it though.
Game is one of the most overrated games in the modern era. It's not for you m, and that's fine. I finished it but have it as a 7/10 game at best. People tend to over value huge open world games that spend a lot of attention to detail and lore while ignoring old boring gameplay.
    Exactly.
RDR2 is my Witcher 3

God damn is that game boring and i've played plenty of immersive sim SP games and "boring" slow MP games like Project Reality, Squad, Post Scriptum, and Arma.

Fuckin animation for everything, missions suck cause you have zero freedom, and the gameplay blows.
    I’ve gotten into RDR2 and it is a pretty magical experience. The key is letting everything between you and Arthur slide out of focus and suddenly you’re chopping wood because you’re worried Tilly might catch cold. The problem is the controls are the conduit between you and Arthur, and the controls are laughably badly designed. If you sink in enough time the friction these controls creates mostly goes away, but you’re always liable to choke out a passerby when you meant to say hi
    Same. I tried 3 times and fell off each time.  Even now I still have it installed thinking I'll eventually try again, but then I think about the slog through that long ass snowy intro before the game opens up and it makes me not even want to start.
I'm with you, man. I hear praises for days about this game, and I really am in the core demographic; I've read a few of the Witcher novels, love fantasy RPGs, open-world games, etc. I've tried maybe three times and it just doesn't hook me. Nothing to do with the story or the writing, which I'm sure are great, but there's something wonky about the way the game plays that just irks me somehow.

Maybe From Software has spoiled me for combat.
    From Software ruined a good 85% of all combat systems for me. They are just the best at what they do.
I tried so many times to play through this game over the course of 5 years and I failed to on every attempt. 

Combat was rough to say the very least, and I was constantly under leveled for every quest no matter how much time I spent doing/finding side objectives.
The Witcher 3 is like Fallout: New Vegas, it's great because it's got cool story in its quests, not because of exceptional gameplay. Get the hell off Death March
Yeah Deathmarch is not good. 

Deathmarch and the difficulty right before it are practically the same, but on Deathmarch even the dogs are able to 2-shot you. On the difficulty right below it they can't do that, but every actual monster is still very strong, so it keeps the challenge there, but removes the frustration.
Just don't play it then. It's not that difficult. Same way as not every supposedly great book is for everyone.
I love open world games and I love RPGs, The Witcher 3 is just a terribly shallow, boring mess of poorly thought out mechanics and unreasonable bloat.  It has this cinematic story that tries to disguise how empty and barren everything about the game is, but it's not enough for me.  I hate it.  I despise it.  It's everything I hate in modern gaming wrapped up in one godawful shallow, stupidly easy, repetitive, boring mess of genericness.
>plays game universally praised for its story and setting and also universally criticised for its combat

>sets combat difficulty to maximum

"I just can't get into this game I don't understand!"
FML I got it on release and still not played, it's not even in the current plans. For the first couple of years it was the main thing I had on my mind to play, but since I rated it so high and thought it was going to be super addictive, I never really found the time to fully commit to it.

And welp, maybe I never end up playing it now that other games have pushed it out of that top spot in my mind.
I loved it so much, but I totally get what you’re saying. As I was reading what you wrote, I was just nodding my head, “Yep. Yep. Yes. Definitely.”

I have this same thing with my brother when I recommend games to him that I absolutely love. Often times, he just isn’t that into them. And it’s almost always because the story didn’t grab him the way it did me. Sometimes I want to love a game so much that I allow myself to be totally taken by the story, just so it’s not a waste of $60 haha. But yeah, if the story isn’t sucking you in then maybe it’s just not the game for you. Especially with that game, you probably really have to be bought into it in order to be able to ignore the repetitiveness of some of the gameplay.
I know the feeling. Tried it 3times.

Play on easy man.

You become overpowered and combat is trivial (I didn't mind). I don't think I ever used a potion or oil if the game didn't make me.
The story is good (also both the DLC are great). After it hooks you you'll want to play more. I did every mein quest, sidequest, every Gwent player, both DLC....
It really is a great game.
Pretty sure this is just a troll post, imagine playing something unfun for 39 hours hoping it would change, when you just had to press a button.
    You underestimate how dumb I am.
Witcher 3 is just a single player MMO game, not surprising you didn't like it.
Gameplay of witcher 3 isnt good lol
Every game isn't for everyone, If you don't like it just don't play it, you don't have to post rants about it.
    I thought this sub was about peoples reviews? Not every review is going to be positive.
    I like having people react to my ramblings.
I couldn't get into it because of all of the rolling
    Why roll at all, regular dodges (Alt on keyboard) are more effective and quicker. Maybe except some very specific situations (like escaping from explosions).
        Really, hmm interesting, maybe I discounted it too soon then
Disable the fucking question marks, ffs. And focus on quests, they are brilliant. 
Witcher 3 is carried by its writing, quests and atmosphere. If you don't enjoy those, then it ain't for you.

That said, you do sound burnt out on this type of game in general so..
you're playing it wrong. Try roleplaying the game instead of thinking it as a gitgud-challenge to be overcomed. It's a roleplaying game afterall
maybe wait for the new next gen version might make it feel a bit more fresh
you're an idiot for playing on such a high difficulty. that mode is for challenge runs, not general play.

play on normal, and do just the main story missions and you'll have tons of fun
I would never play an RPG on any difficulty above easy. That's not the point of an RPG to me. They are about the story.

Honestly it sounds like you just don't enjoy Witcher though. If you're not having fun, stop playing of course!
Reading posts like these really shows just how entitled gamers are, youd think theyd look at what they write and go “nah this makes me look stoopid” but nope they always manage to surprise me.
    It may make me look stupid but I also don’t really care. Sometimes being called stupid is good too, puts things into perspective.
>"I've barely made my way through the game, and I already know exactly how the rest is going to play out. I know that "?" means I'll be fighting bandits or finding lost treasure or blowing up monster nests. I know side quests will be a fetch quest in a neat little package. I know the main quest will have me doing errands for a few crumbs of new info or development."

Dude, wth. You are completely wrong. You clearly know nothing. Please just sit down and play the main story for a full day. I myself am quite busy with life but finished the game over 2 weeks playing maybe 4 hours a day after work. I played on normal difficulty, stuck strictly to main quests, and basically just enjoyed the story. Not once did I have to grind side quests to get stronger. It is an open world game with 300 hours of content. But it has a perfectly paced 50 hour on rails story with so many funny and loving moments you will sit with a big fat smile on your face through all of it.

The story is only really picking up and becoming much more enjoyable after about 10 hours.
I bet you one of those scrubs who hasn't played Witcher 1+2.
Play the original first. Start reading books 1-2.

Then play Assassins of Kings. Read books 3-4.

Finally, try Witcher 3. Finish up with books 5-6.

You will thank me later.
I’m a big fan but if you’re not digging the story for the gameplay, I’d say maybe move on. I think the world is horribly immersive, the writing is tight and fun and the combat is a fun 10 second cycle that hasn’t gotten old. There’s more than enough games to put time into. I try to focus my time on the ones that really grab me.
I really loved this game when I played it for the first time somewhere in 2017. Then tried to come back into it a few times but never managed to beat it again. Despite some meaningful choices, the actual role-playing feels lacking and the gameplay gets repetitive very fast, partly because it barely has any diversity unlike the majority of rpgs.
Damn, yeah sounds like it isnt for u after 40 hrs. Hopefully it wasnt all spent on gwent.
I'll repeat what some others said: give the game a try on a much easier difficulty level.  Edit: Also consider trying the DLCs, which IMHO feature better, more tightly-written stories; you can play them independently of the main game with a new character that's automatically at the right level.

I did my best to play it on DeathMarch difficulty after finishing the main game & DLCs, but once I realized how absurdly long it was taking me to kill even the lowest-level monsters in the game, and what a stressful, boring slog doing it was, I quit.  It took away all of the pleasure of exploring new places, encountering new monsters, coming up with creative ways to kill things above my level (like luring one to chase me into a bandit camp then sitting back to watch the chaos unfold), and so forth.
The problem with the Witcher 3 is like any rpg they’re so big they demand a lot of time, the average game can be finished in 6-10 hours but all these open world rpg style games that demand hundreds of hours burn out fast, at my age and with my other commitments games like Skyrim, the Witcher, assassins creed and farcy get stale fast because there’s so much to do and plenty of other games to play so committing hundreds of hours to one game isn’t a luxury I really have anymore
You’ve played for 40 hours, obviously it’s going to start to get repetitive, especially an RPG. Any game will start getting boring after playing for that long. It’s not like you’ve wasted your money, you’ve gotten a lot of hours into it. You don’t have to 100% every game, so it sounds like you’re done with this one. Not sure what your issue is here.
I’ve tried the Witcher twice, and the second time I got to the baby that turns into an ugly demon very near the start and cannot for the life of me kill it. Each hit does like 0.1% damage, and there’s about 15 shadows trying to kill me, and when I try load a previous save place or whatever my only options are after entering the place where the mission is. I even put it on beginner, and I’m far from a beginner on these games and I still get smoked. Don’t know what’s wrong. Infuriating.
I gave up trying to like it a long time ago. I really enjoyed the witcher 2, so I was pretty annoyed/disappointed with how much I disliked 3. Gave it a couple tries over the years and finally just admitted it wasn't for me. 

The older I get, the more I appreciate a tight narrative experience and TW3 is decidedly not that.
You simply just dont like the game, i had the same problem.
I beat it on death March and I wouldn't do it again. The game is massive and took me forever to beat. Play on a nice calm difficulty and do all the quests. Avoid the point of interests of you have the willpower. I didn't. Ended up dreading the game by the end because I didn't.
I think you're letting that game live rent free in your head for no good reason.

Open world sandboxes I think are either poorly built or not for you, if you're not gripped by the first two hours of active gameplay. Dark Souls, the game I was in the same boat as you, hearing nothing but good things about it, has an amazing introduction level. It gets you excited about the game, shows you a glimpse of what could be and teaches the bare minimum to get you going. But much like you, I couldn't get into the game, because after the introduction stage the map got me lost and the control frustrated me to no end. After FOUR hours I traded the game for something else and watched a commentless playthrough to get the story. I think I traded it in for Assassin's Creed 3 which turned out to be my least favorite assassin's creed, but I still enjoyed it enough to finish the game once. I spend that 30 hours playing a game I liked a lot better, and it seemed much more worth it.

It is not your obligation to enjoy everything. Everyone has their own taste and preferences. These days there are soooo many games coming out every day, I wouldn't even waste four hours for a game that doesn't seem fun. I'm sure you waited until the game was 7 or 8 bucks. You've gotten 7 bucks worth from the game by experiencing something about it in 40 hours of trying. If you want the storyline, Youtube can provide you with a comment free playthrough to experience the story. I've watched a few, even for games I've played through - Warcraft 3 is a fun fantasy cliche wrapped around a stereotype. Witchers I'm sure would make for a very good watch. Get the story one free afternoon while sitting on a couch, and play a game that gets you excited from moment one.
Death march only when you got all oils, armor and perks. Untill then normal, or even easy, and enjoy the story.
I had a similar experience, I felt like I needed to go to every ? do every side mission and gated 3 traveling. Spent so long doing the things that are "extra" I practically forgot there was a story.

I put those things aside when I got to all the hidden treasures at sea that were far too tedious to get and focused on the story. My experience with the game went up so much and I loved playing through it.

If you play on PC consider looking into some mods, you can auto apply oils which saves you from having to keep going to inventory (although I just generally didn't use oils at all) the main mods I liked were that all quest markers were visible on map at once and fast travel from anywhere to get rid of having to use roach.

If you put on fast travel, be aware that after you complete a quest there are sometimes cut scenes when you walk away from an area that you need to see to trigger other side quests so always walk a bit away from the area before you travel.
The campaign for witcher 3 def drags on and is a slog of a game to play. The DLC's are fantastic tho.
Honestly, I’d say drop the difficulty! It took me four attempts to get into the Witcher 3, and on the fourth it clicked so hard I put 300 hours into it. Worship the damned game at this point.
I guess the best thing about the game is that it's not like a super colorful and beautifully clean fantasy environment. But a very raw and depressing one with lots of sadness and death. It's more accurate to how the middle ages really were. Mud and rain, pigs and piss. So to play as this really disciplined and cool Geralt in that environment is in a way inspirational, at least to me. It makes me feel more grown up when I put the game down.

The remastered version is releasing soon and I'm really looking forward to that.
Agree. It’s boring after you leave the swampy country IMHO. The pacing makes no sense too: in cut scenes it’s a life or death rush, then back to the game where you’re rescuing somebody’s possessed goat. What.
I'm in the same situation. Started it 4 or 5 times, and I got sick of doing the same missions from the beginning over and over. The game is good, but it just isn't for me.
The Deathmarch difficulty is mostly for a second playthrough, to see all the other choices you didn't make in your first playthrough as you will be experienced with the combat.

If you only have a problem with its repetitive gameplay loop, lower the difficulty so that you can enjoy the well-written story and side quests. Also, save all those side stuff like clearing nests and lost treasure for later. I only did the witcher contracts, the side quests, and the story quests, and still enjoyed my time. But, if you're not enjoying the story and side quests then just move on to another game. You mustn't force yourself to like something everyone else loves.
>I'm not a big fan of massive open world games

...

>I'm just burnt out by RPGs

So why are you expecting to enjoy a massive open world RPG?
Sounds like it’s just not for you. If you still want a Witcher game, but something less overwhelmingly huge, I recommend The Witcher 2. It’s both much shorter (about 30-40 hours), and much more replayable. I also love the first Witcher, but I can only recommend it to old school RPG fans, and gamers that can appreciate Eurojank.
I've had two proper attempts at getting into it and failed both times. And this is from someone who loves open world and RPG's.

I can't stand the combat.
Play on Normal, turn off undiscovered POI, maybe turn off the minimap, enjoy the vibes
The Witcher 3 is well written and has interesting characters and... that's the only reason to play it. Everything else in the game detracts from that experience.

The open world nature of the game deserves little praise, and I think following the Witcher 2 formula would have offered a tighter experience, with less of the player's time wasted. Not that I hate the idea of an open-world Witcher game in principle, its just that highly story driven games rarely translate well to open-worlds, and the game itself proved everything else to be an afterthought.
This is why I play games at normal difficulty, I'm just playing to enjoy the game's story with a slight (very slight) challenge so that it feels like I had to work a little to get to where I did. 

My main goal is to enjoy the story, if it is a good one, Witcher 3 has a really good storyline IMO.

Obviously there are people out there who enjoy games at the highest difficulty level and prefer gameplay to story, or a bit of both.

But the main thing is you enjoy yourself, if you're not enjoying a game no matter what you try, move on. You don't have to lime a game. I've skipped many games, and gone back to them years later when I had the urge to play them.

Just recently I finished AC IV Black Flag for the first time, whereas when I played it over 5 years ago, it didn't click with me, even though many people were saying it's so good. But when I played it recently, it felt like the right time to play it, and I really enjoyed it.
You said you hated open world games so why are you playing on a hard difficulty? 

Makes no sense at all .

You said you hate open world games but you playing it as an open world game rather than dropping the difficulty and just enjoying the story.
Plays on death march
Hasn't even finished the game once
Has game time efficiency at the core of playing

Hmm I wonder why
Feel like you need to re-evaluate what you're doing.

You say you aren't a huge fan of open world games, but you're doing every side quest, and playing on a ridiculous difficulty that makes every fight tedious.

Drop the difficulty, play the story quests, and do the side quests that interest
I played it on Death March on my first play through and while it’s tough for the first couple of zones it’s fine after that. I don’t consider myself an extremely good gamer but I thought it was a doable difficulty, if you feel like it’s impacting your experience maybe drop it to normal? 

Also, don’t force yourself to engage with all the markers, take your time. I’m someone that just likes to clear all the markers on a map so I did it.
While lowering the difficulty is a perfectly valid choice, you could (possibly in addition) use the games preparation systems. Swallow in particular makes the game a helluva lot easier, and preparing for monsters with oils and alchemy was one of my favourite parts of the game play.
At this point I think the game is not for you. It's OK if you don't enjoy it.

Also, if you think the game is too long, playing it on the most difficult difficulty won't help. Maybe give it a chance in easy mode and rush through the main story. The Bloody Baron storyline is early on the game and it's the best part of it.
[removed]
I would reserve death march difficulty for new game plus and just enjoy it the first time on story mode.
> Deathmarch

Well, there’s your problem. Deathmarch isn’t supposed to be fun; it’s supposed to be a challenge. 

Go have fun. Explore a little.
In my opinion, Witcher 3 is a great game with no sense of urgency. Which plays a big part in keeping us stuck to the screen. The game lost me when I got to the island where Ciri was. 

Finally I was so close to find her,  and then the game sent me on a mandatory sidequest looking for dwarves.

 I feel that while the story is good, there is something missing in the storytelling department.
One thing that really helped me was turning off the map markers for undiscovered stuff.  Personally it really removed me from the world just bouncing between icons doing little quests, turning them off allowed me to focus more on the story, and made for a more fun surprise when I would come across something in the world.
I totally  agree, the combat in witcher 3 sucks and it can get quite repetitive after a while because the skill level up system never really alters ur playstyle and they are more of percentage damage bonuses. Loot and exploration is also average
I'd say the gameplay for me was lacking. That's why I fell off after a good 40 hours. Which you know, was my moneys worth so that's great! But I don't think the Witcher 3's gameplay lasts as long as the game does. 

Most of my frustrations came from animations taking precident over button presses for alot of pirouettes and the like.
For me it was the combat: it was too repetitive and just not satisfying…
Never got this game, tried a handful of times to get into it and just let it go eventually. Brutally janky gameplay and fussy limited sense of movement (I think the 30fps on console really adds to this for some reason, even though it shouldn’t really given the style) and confusing inventory system. 

Cyberpunk has that same inventory chaos but I massively prefer it. I’ll try briefly when the 60fps update comes out for W3 just in case, because on paper I should love it given it’s my fave type of game, but at this point doubt I will.
It took two attempts for me to get into the game. It helps to reduce the difficulty although later you will be overpowered but I found the combat was probably the weakest part of the game. Some of the best stories I experienced in RPGs are in this game. It could be though that it is just not for you and that's OK :-)?
I have no idea why you would play this game on death march. Just play on normal.
I had the most fun in this game when I turned off the mini map - and only looked at the map at signposts, and didn't use fast travel. Hahahahaha, it's not for everyone!
I loved every single minute of this game playing on death march, so after 40 hours it isn’t doing anything for you you should just quit the game and play something you actually enjoy. If this game connects with you it’s not supposed to feel like it feels to you. For me it’s one of the immersive games of all time.
I completely agree with you! I loved the story of The Witcher 3 but the gameplay was extremely boring for me, so boring that I dropped the game a few hours from beat it.
honestly its just probably not for you, happens, happened to me with my favourite series i love the souls games finished every one except for seriko i cant even make it past the 2nd major boss.
Just drop it. I played it for a while (on normal) and it was soooooo boooooring. I'm not a fan of open worlds either, i usually like games in spite of them, not because of them. But The Witcher just didn't click. I could not give a shit about the plot, the side quests i did were meh at best and the combat is really boring. The only thing i enjoyed a little bit was the card game.

I also gave it more chances than i wanted to because it's so popular but it was a waste of time, it wasn't for me. If you don't like open worlds and the story does nothing for you play something else, don't force it.
Witcher 3 and Elden Ring made me realise I just don't enjoy open world games any more.
A lot of people get into TW3 expecting something like Skyrim or any other more sandbox RPG experiences. The reality is that overly simplified, Witcher 3 is a medieval fantasy GTA, and as such its strengths do not lie on its gameplay loop but rather on the story, characters, graphics, worldbuilding etc.
dont play on death march. not sure why you would do that to yourself. treat the story game with awful combat like a story game with awful combat.
I love s lot of open-world action games and RPG's, and I largely agree. 

I put in around 15-20 hours and it didn't stick. You call the combat fine and functional: I would say it's just not good enough. 

I still plan on going back and giving it another shot at some point, but I can already tell it's not a game I'm going to 100%.
I couldn’t get into the Witcher 3 either. I have tried on three separate times with the most recent being earlier this month. My issue was with the controls and camera, it didn’t feel right to me. I am interested in the story but I can’t get into playing it. I loved Cyberpunk 2077 though
    I also really loved Cyberpunk 2077. I think I’m just more of a cyberpunk, sci-fi person. Also it helps the combat in 2077 never felt too hard, but was always fun and experimental and allowed you to approach it in any way you sought fit. Sneak behind everyone and silently kill them? Guns blazing with a shotgun? Hack everyone before even entering the room? Precision kills with pistols? Blow everyone up? Use katanas and blunt objects? Use your fists? 

In TW3 it’s basically mostly the same every time. You can use signs, bombs, and potions, but it’s not the same level of variation.
This thread and all the responses made me realize that people seem to dislike the thing that I really disliked about Witcher 3, the gameplay. So I'm not crazy in thinking it was a chore. Thanks Reddit people!
For me the gameplay was why I dropped the game. Just felt so dull and lackluster.
I think the appeal of Witcher 3 is the story and how it unfolds based on the choices you made.  All of your complaints were with actual gameplay which is less oppressive if you’re playing on an easier difficulty.  I’m not saying the game is too difficult for you.  But I do think the difficulty is causing you to focus more on the minutiae of the gameplay rather than the game’s strongest element - the story.
I'm currently at about 95 hrs and playing the DLC.

Coming from a game with a phenomenal combat system (Monster Hunter), the combat in this game sucks ass for me.

However, I enjoy choosing dialogues (like HZD) whether it actually affects outcomes or not (I know sometimes it does), and just enjoying the story.

The dialogue, cutscenes, and the story is enough for me to overlook the garbage combat imo. (also, I'm playing on normal so that might be a factor).

Here is what I do when I don't feel like playing the game:

1. Take a break
2. Try it in another time, few months maybe.

By doing the this two things, I was able to finish lots of games that I didn't get into in the first place such as Horizion Zero Dawn, TW3, Judgment, even God of War (2018).

Lastly, if it's not for you or not enjoying it. Just stop, there's nothing wrong with that. Do something that you will enjoy! :)
If you're on pc download the enhanced edition mod
I gave up on playing  that game after about the third attempt.  I just hate how the combat works.  Even playing on the "story mode" I just don't like it
I've tried Witcher 3 aswell, I wanted to love it but I just don't. That's okay. Sometimes a game isn't what you thought you would like. I've uninstalled in and hell, maybe in the future I do like it because my interests changed. No biggie. Go play games that make you happy. Games are a hobby not a house chore.
I also couldn't get into it for the reason that it got "too big" too quickly. I felt overwhelmed by all the mechanics of the game only being 45 minutes in and was confused on what to do. I roamed around for a few hours and tried to engage in combat but then left the game. I'm afraid to try Dark Souls games for this reason, I've heard they just let you roam free quickly on. I usually need guidance for the first few hours until I get my back behind the mechanics so I can fully enjoy the game. This is why I prefer JRPGs.
If you've stopped playing at the same spot 4 times, maybe try continuing your previous save rather than starting over yet again. I'm saying this as someone who restarted this game 3 times and finally decided that continuing and picking up where I left off in the story through context was better than playing through the boring intro and that God awful Novigrad section another time.
> I always get a case of FOMO when it's left un-played in my library

But it isn't un-played. You've played it for 40 hours.

You don't enjoy it, so stop playing. It's really simple.
I turn off the the minimap using the immersive hud mod, only use the compass to orient myself, and as for combat I don’t use oils or potions unless It’s a hard fight. I also chose to never use queen, cuz it’s too op
Dude I'm in the EXACT same boat as you. Tried giving witcher 3 a try 3 WHOLE TIMES and every single time I quit at novigrad because I get put on 25 different fetch quests or talk quests and there's absolutely no combat (arguably the best aspect of the game) for a solid 3 hours so by the end of it all I'm completely burnt out and cba to continue and just quit.
Why would you spend that much time on a game that isn’t working for you? Why bother? Nobody says you have to like it. Move on to the next
>I know side quests will be a fetch quest in a neat little package.

Okay damn if Witcher 3 side quests don't cut it for you then I am really, really curious what games you recommend that have better side quest design than Witcher 3. 

Side quests often have really well-writen 'short story' vibes imo.
Kingdom come deliverance is a great rpg to transition from witcher 3
TW3 was absolutely amazing when it came out. Phenomenal game. 

It has not aged well, the combat especially is extremely clunky and unresponsive. It has some amazing and cool ideas, like needing to prepare for a fight but I find it isn’t always done well. 

The open world is great, super detailed with some killer side quests. But it’s still that same tired open world structure we all know (and loathe).

My point is, it was amazing when it came out. The industry has progressed and I think it was a substantially better experience back then compared to what it is now.

If you’re not enjoying it, put it on story mode and blast through it for the great story. Or honestly just put it down and move on. It’s great but nothing you likely haven’t played before. 

Reminds me of ghosts of tsushima where it’s this fantastic game but just the best example of a game you’ve played before (Ubisoft open world structure). In comparison, breath of the wild *still* doesn’t have many modern competitors for its structure. So yeah, do your thing, don’t play something you don’t like. 




*also you should play Outward. It’s very rough but it may scratch the classic rpg itch*
It’s ok to not like a game. Try some others.
I’m the same with RDR2. Love 1, but I’ve tried RDR2 about 5 times. I spend so much time commuting in real life, I can’t face it in that game too. So much riding around and admittedly beautiful map, but still can’t face it.
If it makes you feel any better I had the same problem. The game is really good but at the same time it's like watching a TV show where every main actor and plot point is about regular people with a few CGI bits here and there. I know that's not a good description of The Witcher but that's how it feels. In the end I just got bored and stopped. Didn't change my love for RPGs
If you don't play it everyday it's really hard to get back into the story. I have around 80 hours into it and I can't play it anymore as I don't know what to do
I played at a lower difficulty setting and got to the Witcher fortress before I finally admitted that I was just totally uninterested and stopped playing. The story never really engaged me, and the gameplay wasn't fun enough to make up for it.

I'm not sure what you've played, but if you have an urge for RPG's, might I suggest a few in case you haven't played them?

*Kingdom Come: Deliverance* is the most immersive game I've ever played. It's stunning how much great gameplay can arise from playing a normal, squishy peasant locked into FPS mode.

*Dragon Age: Origins* is an older but really awesome D&D-style game (but with more sane mechanics). It's old-school Bioware, so the voice acting and storyline are wonderful. It gives you plenty of choice in how you go through the game, but it doesn't drop you into a giant and boring world. It's also really cool how it lets you scroll between over-the-shoulder adventure and overhead tactical mode, and pausing to give your party orders is completely freeform rather than being closed into rounds.

*Divinity: Original Sin* is an overhead game that excels at quirky creativity. There are tons of oddball spell combos and tricks to discover in the game. It's a fun enough story, with really interesting 
and fun characters.
If its not for you it's not for you. I don't know what the point of these threads is, nobody will be able to tell you how you need to have fun 'the proper way'.

Why try to force it. I'll never find mass effect fun, I accept it and that's that.
Yeah honestly if you really want to play through the game for the first time, playing it on the hardest difficulty isn’t the best idea.

Also just because everyone else likes something doesn’t mean you have to. There are plenty of universally loved games that I think are pretty shit. There’s plenty of unknown games that are actually gold. Find what you like, other people are only good for telling their own experiences.
I've tried to play it about three times and bounced each time. I'm not sure why. I enjoyed the first Witcher game, was having a good time with Witcher 2 until I got fed up trying to find a way to progress out of those damn swamps, but the third one ...

It's not that it does anything wrong, really. It just never quite engages my interest. I get so far in, and the next thing I know, I'm playing Skyrim or Fallout, without really having decided to do so.

It's odd. Many, many people tell me it's a good game, so I'm sure it must have something going for it. I just don't seem to have the Witcher 3 gene.
>I know side quests will be a fetch quest in a neat little package.

I don't consider the side quests to be simple fetch quests. They're all different, some are long as the main campaign of some other AAA games (Red Baron quest), they all have full voice over, they're different and have nice twists to them, and they sometimes intersect with the main quest.
yeah I put 30 hours into it and it just wasn't doing it for me. I played on normal difficulty too. I do love Cyberpunk though.
Are you me?! Feeling the same. Have lots of hours but will never finish. And I’m way ahead of you in the main story. 

Elden Ring finally gave me what W3 and it’s ilk couldn’t.
You chose a mode that makes the game way more unenjoyable and you complain that you dont enjoy it? I mean, how oblivious can you be?
I had the same problem; I got through Witcher 1 and 2 just fine, but for some reason 3 failed to grab me.  I can't put my finger on it, but it's been years since I even tried to play it.
I would absolutely lower the difficulty. Deathmarch requires you to explore everything in the game mechanics. I played on the second easiest setting and I had a blast. I didn't play with oils and elixer game mechanics because I thought it was too tedious and would detract from the game immersion. The game is daunting because of its open world  and sheer mass of content. I found what also helped was in my first 20 hours or so to listen to ALL the dialogue options and I quickly got a grasp on the story and world building. This is coming from someone who did not play the first 2 games.
Have you played Witcher 1 and or 2? Having known the story from before might give you more interest in the game. Also, they are not open world like 3.
Ahhh I see what your problem is, you haven't played Gwent yet.  That's the best part is beating every merchant you come accross. 

Jokes aside. Yous need mods. Fast travel from anywhere, so you don't have to ride roach as much, just to get to a stake. Get the Gewnt card mods. Also play as Deadpool with his armor set, why? Because why the F not?  I also haven't beaten the game, because it is a tedious beast to play through, but atleast I have fun when the itch to try it again comes back.
You are not alone and I love my open world games. I tried Witcher 3 at least 3 times probably ~30-50 hours each time. I don't know what it is about the game, I should like everything about it, but I don't, it's boring to me and idk why. It makes me sad because it has everything I like in a game yet for whatever reason it just doesn't click with me.
It's okay to not like everything popular. If you've played it 4 times and can summon nothing but complaints, maybe leave it behind and play something else? It's seriously not something that you should feel judged about. Witcher 3's not for you, Minecraft's not for me, we all have our tastes.

You seem to be focused on the minute-to-minute gameplay and honestly, that's not the good part. That part can definitely be a checklist. But it's wrapped around a series of lovingly crafted, smart and emotional stories that can be hiding in the most surprising of minor sidequests.

*Also, while Quen is objectively the most powerful sign, it's also the least fun and slows down fights, and I hate that spamming it is the meta everyone lands on, because there's actually a really cool spellsword archetype hidden in Geralt after you put some points into other signs.*
Why did you START with Deathmarch?! That’ll ruin any semblance of enjoyment you might have had with the story…
The game probably just isn't for you. It happens. If you want to try again, I'd revisit it when the new gen update is available and just focus on playing the main storyline. If you get bored, check out the major side quests but the main story is super long as it is.
Can't recall what difficulty I've played on but definitely not deathmarch and had a similar experience. Every time I go back to it I think it's been too long since I last played it so I better start again but then struggle to stick with it long enough. I'm pretty certain it's the same point as you that I always fall away from it.
Same here. Found it boring as hell. Couldn’t even play an hour.
I also just can't get into the Witcher 3.  I enjoy the world of the Witcher but I find the combat in this games boring beyond belief.  It's just not fun and since so much of the game is combat heavy I can't bring myself to play it.
I'm so glad I played this when I was young, single, and had nothing but time on my hands after work. It really is a singularly different experience.

But good lord I can't get back into it. It just demands so much of you, even on the lower difficulty levels and it is fucking LONG. If I had a PC and could get the mods that cut out all the crap like the extremely pointless weapon degredation and the junk loot that constantly needs to be sold for inventory space maybe I could get back, but I've just moved on at this point. I look back at it fondly but it's just one of those games I won't play again.

That said dude turn off Death March. That shit is for the "git gud" crowd who find enjoyment in repetition and doing bestiary homework. It's going to (sounds like it already has) kill the game for you.
You are gonna hate the find Dandelion quest lol I was so frustrated when I was playing it
I wouldn't really say side quests are fetch quests in this game. If anything the Witcher 3 has the best side quests I've ever played.
This is still easily the best game I've ever played. It took me a good few hours to get in to but once i did it took over my life. We are all different though, if it's not your thing then that's fair enough...... I've attempted Skyrim 3 times but can't get on with it at all.
If you don't have fun, why keep trying?

I loved the witcher but I don't expect everyone to love it equally.
Yeah I hated it until I put it on easy. Then you can just pay attention to the graphics and some fun quests. 

The game is not my fav style. It seems clunky at times, a lot of assets get overused, and it’s missing quite a lot of good ideas.

But the story pulls from one of the most original fantasy sagas in existence and the can be stunning. I play to enjoy the long journeys and conversations, seeking out the most clever stories. Also the way they handle choices is excellent. It’s rarely going to be a cut and dry choice. 

But you do sound like you should switch games lol.
I tried it one time and the opening tutorial part of the game was just way too long. I’d rather have just found out through trial and error than be held hostage that long in an open world game.
> I don’t find the repetition fun at all

I think you answered your own dilemma. If you don’t enjoy the gameplay loop at 40 hours in, it’s probably not the game for you. That’s alright too, you don’t need to enjoy every critically acclaimed game that exists, I know I don’t. There’s lots of other games out there that’ll scratch your itch.
Dude there's like a billion games out there. If you're not dig'n it, find something else. Like you said, time is limited so why spend it playing something you're not fully enjoying.

It's fine you don't have to finish every game you start.
Ad many said I would play on normal, rpg for me are fun for exploring the world and its charachters, not grinding and minmaxing stats and items.
Also don t feel obliged to check every point of interest and complete every sidequest.
Guides can help you finding the most interesting one or where the good stuff is.
Aside from the difficulty, my experience was similar. I also put around 30 hours into it a few years ago and I wanted to love it. I liked aspects of it but as a whole was very underwelmed and just couldn't get to caring about the story, characters, or plot devices. 

I was just constantly bored and combat became tedious early and never recovered.
I found that there is a total conversion mod for the game. Apparently totally changes the combat around and some other things. Maybe if you find that it will make the game more fun to play so it’s not so boring getting to the next story beats
Agreed. I’ve tried to get into it many times over the years and it’s just never grabbed me. The world is beautiful, and I’m a sucker for fantasy but something about it has never clicked.
Lot has been said already OP, obviously, difficulty adjustment is key. You can also change difficulty in W3 WHENEVER. I've been doing that a lot actually. Playing on hard, but when I got stuck, just lowered the difficulty. I don't care.   
For me the loop you described is not W3 strongpoint at all. Yes, world can be shallow and boring, but it's not really about doing that gameplay loop. It's all the twists, turns, funny and surprising stories and what happens to people experiencing it.   
To me it really felt like a believable world that breathes.   
I loved the DLCs, especially Hearts of Stone. The main character is just amazing, story is tragic, gameplay is actually interesting. it's a lot of detective work as well.   
I also loved treasure hunts. For me the motivation was to have the full gear set, and finding and crafting it was always really interesting journey.  
Don't be afraid to drop the game that doesn't bring you pleasure though. It's your life and your time, you don't have to love it.
Why tf do people dive into games on the hardest difficulty, only to get frustrated and quit the game?
Dude don't feel bad I had the same experience. It's just not my cup of tea and that doesn't mean it's bad it's just not for you
I just play things on normal or easy now, I don't have enough time to barely play anymore let alone struggle through it.
Why are you playing a game you don't want to play?

I really wanted to like The Witcher too, but the first game is shit and the second game was kinda cool but felt generic. I gave up on it and maybe will return, though I'm not sure when/if. And that's fine. Not every game is made for everyone.
The game might not be for you which is totally fine.  From your post, there wasnt much focus on the story and writing which IMO is the major hook of this game.  From a gameplay standpoint, I dont think its particularly compelling but its the writing that made this one of my fave games of the last generation.
It's ok to dislike a game everyone are praising. I disliked the most recent spider-man, as it just feels boring and repetitive, yet a lot of people say that I don't understand it. Whatever, not gonna waste my time, just watched all cutscenes at youtube and off we go. I'm sure you can find a game movie of Witcher if you look for it.

You'll get most of the game can offer you anyways this way. I myself grinded through Witcher 2 and 3 on high difficulties and enjoyed my time despite not ideal battle system.
It took me 2 years to get into the Witcher. Either I was too busy or not really into a rpg. Then last winter I sat down and just played, got engrossed in the world, listened to the sound instead of podcasts, was 100% into the game. Still took me about 10 hours in to get over the hump but really worth it. I was so resistant to the game and it ended up being one of my all time classics. All I’m looking for now is an rpg has great as the Witcher 3. The world/characters/ writing and mission progression that feel like an episode of a show…it’s a brilliant game
I too struggled with getting into The Witcher 3. I tried it twice and got bored and gave upnon the exact same spot. As they say, if it's not fun for you, don't force yourself to play it.
I know what you mean when you say that you're not a fan of massively open world games. I can't play any of the Elder Scrolls games because there is too little direction.

What helps me get through large games like The Witcher 3 is picking the most interesting side quests available to me and completing that task. Don't worry about the next task or anything else, just worry about what you have to do for this one task. Do it. Did you have fun? If not, these types of games just might not be for you. That's OK, all of us have different playstyles and genre preferences. If you did have fun on that one and want to keep experiencing it, find the next quest that sounds fun and interesting. Continue on until you've completed the game!

Sometimes it helps to narrow the scope of this huge open world game you're experiencing. This method has worked for me on countless open world games, but like I said it's OK if the game doesn't click with you.
I learned long ago to embrace casual and easy mode. Some games are ok on hard, but even as someone that enjoys Dark Souls type games, I skipped deathmarch difficulty in Witcher 3. Played that on Story mode and had a blast over 80 hours going through all the content. Nobody gives a shit if you beat the game on deathmarch mode or easy mode. But it sure as hell will affect your enjoyment of the game. 
  Tl;dr: Play it on easy and you'll have a good time ballet cutting peasants heads off on your way to your next objective
>I really want to love this game but there is just something so... dull about it.

Dude, same. I tried twice now and I just can't get into it. Can't really pin point exactly what it is that bores me but it does. The same thing happened with Cyberpunk 2077, I actually like the game and I personally feel like they're both good games but I simply cannot get into either story. I eventually will give both of them another chance so hopefully it'll click then.
I also gave up on the game way earlier than you did, but the books are cool (Audiobooks even better).
Once I got to Skellige I absolutely adored the game, but before that - it was a horrendous slog. I just wanted to go bash and whack some enemies but the constant reversion to tedious dialogue (sorry but yes) was awful. On Skellige, I felt I could finally just kill stuff and had very little talky talk. Even adored the DLCs because, again, signs go boom, sword go slice. Fully ignored the potions or balms unless absolutely necessary.

Am with you 100%.
I give games 2 hours. That's about a feature film nowadays. If I'm not hooked by then I'm not giving it any more of my time.
I've tried to get into this game like 3 different times now over the 7 years. It should be something I love but I just can't. I fall out every time after a few hours. It's a shame as it seems like a great game.
I felt this playing on the easiest difficulty. It’s like dragon age I just can’t get into it.
Gotta be honest, for a lot of RPGs these days I'll just turn down the difficulty and blow through the combat and focus on enjoying the story.
1. Don't play on Deathmarch, as others have said. It makes combat way too punishing for you, an experienced Witcher, even though everything else takes longer to kill.

2. Do not think that you have to go to every question mark. Exploring is great, but unnecessary. Instead, just stumble upon them organically, as you would in real life. Stick to main roads mostly, but don't be afraid to go cross-country.

3. Don't loot everything. Again, only loot the things that you would actually bother picking up in real life.

These 3 changes should make the game much less cumbersome. I do recommend giving it another shot for the story and side missions. There is a reason it is held in such high esteem, but that doesn't mean it is for everyone. For me, it is a relaxing and beautiful way to escape reality. But if these changes don't do it for you, maybe it's just not for you, which is fine. Good luck!
40 hours? Sounds like you enjoy the game to me lol
>I know side quests will be a fetch quest in a neat little package

Yeah I am pretty you only played one or two of them by what you said there. I can't even recall fetch quests. Either that, or you may not have been paying attention. If you like adrenaline filled games, this won't be it.
By the way you put I guess the game just isn't for you. Maybe lower the difficulty and just swing through the narrative?
Here maybe this will make you feel better about not liking it: I don’t like it either! I found it boring and just not fun! Played for a few hours and then put it down forever. Problem solved.
If theres a game im interested in but the gameplay just isnt for me, ill watch someone play through it themselves or review/critique videos so i can see what the game is about and just skip gameplay. Interestingly, sometimes knowing what happens makes it easier to try again
OP are you restarting each time? I’ve been going on the same save now for 2-3yrs. Keep grinding on it or quit but don’t restart and expect to magically like it.
One thing I wish the Witcher 3 had was a setting to move the camera in closer when not in a fight. It would make the world feel less virtual then, like I’m in it and not just look in on it
Shit I'm way past playing games on turbo hard mode. From soft games aside since those were designed around the difficulty. A slow burn RPG it's just exacerbated if I'm getting wasted by every bandit in the game. That being said I have never understood why people immediately think they have to play games on the hardest difficulty. If a game is too easy I will switch up the diff but I rarely get more enjoyment out of grinding harder options.
    Yep. Turbo hard mode is often just finding the one thing that's OP and then exploiting the crap out of it. If you don't enjoy that strategy, tough, it's the only thing that is viable. Or it means looking up a ton of online information / grinding a ton, which isn't very fun either.

Meanwhile on normal you can actually play the way you want to.

I suspect that games would produce more total enjoyment and less frustration in the world if they would simply not have a super-hard mode that requires a ton of tryharding. For every person who genuinely enjoys that, I think there's five people such as OP who select that mode and then get frustrated.
        Especially for open world RPGs. A lot of games lock the hardest difficulty until you've beaten the story, and with good reason. Leave it as a reward for people who enjoy the already grindy game so much they want it to be **more** of a grind.
            Good point, that is probably a good solution.
            I really dislike that solution. Eaxh game requires "a very particular set of skills", and you KNOW what those skills are, most of the time.

I've been greeted with games I found too easy and had no way of cranking them up, which made for a subpar experience.

Options should not be locked.
                As someone has already mentioned though, there are far more people who pick up the game, crank it to the highest difficulty, don't have fun, then dismiss the game.  

Especially so for a game like Witcher 3 in which increasing the difficulty doesnt change the game's mechanics, it just essentially makes battles last longer and makes you have to respawn and repeat content more often.
                    Yes, I understand, that, but... "Know thyself", you know?

The difficulty most people will have fun with should be just definitely ENCOURAGED, but not capped to it.

But I believe we agree on a few things:

- What the difficulty options do should be VERY clear (ai difficulty, scaling on health, number of monsters, loot, etc).

- The "intended way" should be very emphasised by the devs (as many games do NOW, but didn't do before).

- Pure scaling is almost always a shitty difficulty. I started skyrim on the hardest mode and it was EGREGIOUS. Just... 4x life for everyone.
                    Some Games that i have played recently  Like Last of us, Maxpayne 3, Manhunt, The warriers,  RDR1, Ghost of Tshusmia are really the best  on the hardest differculty while games like Witcher 3 and skyrim Which do not have the best combat are best on normal or even easy. They focus more on their open world and quests.  Of course Witcher 3 does jave flaws in terms of how reactive and interactive the world is.
            I beat Witcher 3 on the easiest 3 times. On my fourth play through I played it on deathmarch.

It’s just as easy as easy but only if I play it a specific way that makes me OP. (Fleet footed plus quen alchemy build)
I only did it for the achievement.
            Aren't all RPGs open world? I can't think of one that it isn't, starting from Ultima and the 8/16 bit JRPGs.
                Text based RPGs, tabletop RPGs, dungeon crawlers etc...
                    Text based are super-ultra niche (if they still exist), so are dungeon crawlers.

Tabletops are not even videogames (also, I never played one but I had the impression that they too were open world, isn't D'n'D open world?)

On a side note, the games depicted in "Mazes and Monsters"and "Dark Dungeons", surely seem open world. :)
        Totally agree. I don't understand why so many people seem to love turning games into work. I already have work for that.
            [deleted]
        In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight. This is how the highest difficulty options should behave, make you interested in the lore of the game and you get a reward out of it.

If you can pick whatever you want to do, and have guaranteed success, then its not a difficulty option.
            God I wish I could pick a monster difficulty and a other stuff difficulty.

I adore having to prepare for a really hard question mark level monster what I have read up on and got the stuff for.

But I don’t want the fucking wolves to be more than a couple hits because I just defeated a fucking dragon, they couldn’t even touch me.
                I like that idea, sort of like Total War's recent split between "campaign" and "battle" difficulty
            > In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight.

This is how a salesman looks at W3 combat, because this is how it was designed and marketed

How a high-diff player looks at W3 is: Quen
                Yeah, well put. Unfortunately playing the highest difficulty nearly always boils down to "find the OP thing and abuse it" or "grind until your eyeballs bleed." The amount of viable builds that you have available is often very limited.
                    Basically Aerondight+Quen and/or abusing the everloving bejeezus out of toxicity builds, LOL.
        
>I suspect that games would produce more total enjoyment and less frustration in the world if they would simply not have a super-hard mode that requires a ton of tryharding. For every person who genuinely enjoys that, I think there's five people such as OP who select that mode and then get frustrated.

Those people will have to learn that they should lower the difficulty if it gets too frustrating.

 I however, find RPGs (except From Software ones) extremely hard to get into, no matter the difficulty, they're too dispersive, worse than open world games.
    I love fromsoftware games. From the ambiance to the way the lore is developed and given to you, to how you have to keep up with quests on your own accord and figuring it all out. That being said, I over level myself every time, or else I will not enjoy it. I've come to terms with the fact that "hardest" does not mean "most fun"
    I’ve always considered “Normal” being the intended experience devs craft for a game (unless otherwise stated in game) and unless I’m told otherwise by friends to not for whatever reason, that’s what I play my first time. 

Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow has better drop rates for 100% on Hard so I played Hard at a friend’s suggestion, as an example of an exception for me.
        I usually go with the setting that is intended by devs, on newer games they often tell you in a caption what setting they intended. I remember seeing one that had hard as the intended mode so I went with that over normal. I like games that let you change mid game. If I feel like I'm cruising I'll up the difficulty later.
            Yeah, I always like when the game says what mode is intended.
    > hat being said I have never understood why people immediately think they have to play games on the hardest difficulty.

it depends how the game is balanced. If hard mode makes the game more tactically interesting (like in fire emblem), and requires me to understand the game systems properly to succeed, then its enjoyable. If it just decreases my damage and increases the enemy hp, it seems like a waste (like in jrpg where your level is the only thing that matters for combat).

I find that the witcher 3 is incredibly easy on deathmarch after you reach novigrad. Before that it was rough because i had no consistent ways to heal myself. Deathmarch is nice because i feel more rewarded for using oil and interacting with the games systems, but in the end all you have to do is press quen and dodge in circles and you're invincible.
    I'd sometimes love harder options, but harder as in, they notice you easier, or start using weird skills or something you have to work with instead of just making every fight with a random wolf last ten minutes.
    Ive been playing most of my games on their easiest or normal difficulty for years now and never had as much fun as i have. And if i find it to be too easy and boring i can nudge it up to my liking.
        Agreed, even though I do really enjoy fromsoft games I will deff look stuff up if it keeps my progress going. I don't have the time to slam my head in getting nowhere. I also really enjoy roguelikes/lites (tbh idk what the difference is) but certain ones I really struggle with because of not progressing. Hades always had a sense of progress. FTL absolutely crushes my will to play
    > Shit I'm way past playing games on turbo hard mode. From soft games aside since those were designed around the difficulty.

===

Super hard games bore me because I can't jump back n forth easily (I like to play a couple different games at a time) so I have to relearn the game, something I already did, thus I get bored. Final Fantasy Origin Stranger of Paradise did this too me too once the DLC came out (still pissed that they locked it behind the difficulty options and didn't say anything until it came out, waste of $20 right there). 

===

Elden Ring came out right before I started a new job and relearning how to play it every so often go so boring. 

===

Difficulty for the sake of it just doesn't do anything for me.
        I won't lie, fromsoft games are definitely not for everyone. For me the muscle memory on those comes back very quickly after taking a break. I am also not gonna lie, I never thought I would enjoy fromsoft games since usually I agree that I don't like difficulty for the sake of it. The souls bug just hit me and never let go
    I usually don’t care about playing on hard but a lot of people suggest deathmarch even on a first playthrough which is why I was set on playing on it. Honestly it’s not too bad if you’re fighting enemies at or below your level, but it prolongs the already unenjoyable combat. I’m going to just lower it to easy and see if it improves things.
        Yeah the combat is definitely not the strongest part of this game. Try to focus instead on other aspects- the fantastic main story, lore, and world.
        Idk about deathmarch but I think I played it one setting lower(blood and broken bones?). I quite liked it, though it was dragging on towards the end.

And I’d really highly advise against checking out each question mark. Think of them as diversions when you’re on the way to doing something for a side quest. This applies double for Skellige.

Also, if at some point it seems that your level isn’t increasing no matter what you do, that’s the game’s way of telling you that you need to do the main story now.

I had the most fun looking for better gear(Witcher gear especially) and reading about the monsters personally. And for some odd reason I actually liked the combat. But then again I have poor taste in combat systems, so…
        This, and truly trying to enjoy being a Witcher. If you can, try actually Role-playing a bit. You pretty nailed the gameplay loop in the OP but those are just core mechanics.

Much of the enjoyment the initial praise is from is bring on a lower difficulty so you can explore more, spending time reading bulletins and talking to NPCS, focusing on romance quests, and over all trying to appreciate the Detective Noir that truly is at the center of the game.

Sometimes quests are kinda boring, sometimes though you actually get caught up in the mystery you're supposed to solve and Idk I personally enjoyed listening to Geralt mutter to himself like an old detective.

All of that said, I'm also struggling to get back into playing it, so you're not wrong either.
    Think the mantra of difficulty is just an easy way to really "bite" into a world and it's gameplay/lore. If i have like savepoints every 5 minutes and am sequencing a bunch of scenes that are attainable for anyone and everyone, i don't feel any motivation. This is why i love Roguelites and Souls games. Or hardcore fps. Dirt Rally. All take effort.
        A game being accessable to everyone means you aren't motivated to play? Not trying to be shitty but that sounds pretty elitist to me.

I think games being accessable is a good thing. Difficulty should be scalable to a players skill. Gaming enjoyment to me is not dependent on whether or not I'm more skilled than other people. RPGs specifically are meant to be an immersive world where a player can enjoy the story
            I was just commenting on the mantra of difficulty and what it means to me personally. 
I still enjoy chill stuff like music games, platformers, storybased stuff etc. 

Accessibility is cool, but i also love a singular experience like a Souls game.
apparatus act steer hard-to-find rich smell workable gaping roof fanatical

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
    [deleted]
        Witcher 3 has one of the worst combat systems in AAA gaming as far as I'm concerned.


Take it down from Deathmarch to Just the Story, OP. 

Witcher 3 is played for the interesting side quests, not the awful gameplay it has.
            I disagree. It's not top tier, but it's enjoyable. 

Just curious, what do you think of Elder Scrolls combat?
                The biggest problem with this misconception about the combat is that they made it look too good on a superficial level. They see the trailer and gameplay videos and expect it to be dark souls-esque hitbox porn, when in reality it’s just jazzed up RPG combat. If that’s your expectation, then the Witcher is simply not that type of game and never has been.
  
From my own perspective, coming from W1 and games like KotoR or Dragon age, I think the W3 combat is terrific for what it is. I wonder what they would think if it had isometric turn based combat, or just real time point and click.
                    In no way, shape or form does The Witcher 3 combat look even remotely close to Dark Souls.

The combat itself is a bit simple, it's the elements around it that might elevate it, but those involve going into menus, pick potions, bombs, apply oils, and all that is a slog because there's a looot of fighting while roaming around the infinite question marks.
                Skyrim's combat is bland, but not outright garbage like The Witcher 3's combat.

Reliability, Variety, Fluidity, Difficulty and Satisfaction are core to a solid combat system.

Skyrim's combat is boring, but very reliable. 

In Skyrim, you can always count on your sword or your spell hitting the enemy, whereas in The Witcher 3, Geralt's attacks change depending on distance away from enemies, and some of the attacks that he uses depending on distance aren't reliable at the chosen distance at all, which makes even the most basic attacks ridiculously annoying and unreliable to use. (Looking at you stupid thrust attack)

The hitboxes are terrible and dodges that *should've* worked get majorly screwed over by them. The crossbow is very clunky and unresponsive to use. Often, the crossbow fires *and* reloads after you press the firing button *once* instead of just firing off the crossbow once and never reloading. This ends up with you unfairly getting hit by the enemy.

There's also way too much animation lock between attacks in The Witcher 3. There's not much of a "rest" period between attacks where Geralt brings the sword back for another swing, he attacks instantly.

+2 to Skyrim when it comes to Reliability and Fluidity.

Variety.

Skyrim's meh combat can be offset with all the abilities the game. You are free to do whatever you want and aren't confined to a single kind of playstyle like you are in the Witcher.

"Builds" in The Witcher 3 only give you a different flavor of the only playstyle in the game: Whatever the fuck geralt is doing with his unreliable ballerina spinny-spin attacks.

You have 5 spells (each with an alternate form. Igni can turn into a flamethrower rather than a quick blast, for example), bombs, weapon oil, crossbow, light attack (with an alternate spinny-spin beyblade of blaviken attack), heavy attack (with an alternate big whack attack). That's it.

Whereas in Skyrim, you can apply poison on your swords and just use basic attacks, stunlock enemies through their shields with power attacks from your warhammer, use dual-wield daggers and just shred everything apart like a blender, interrupt enemy attacks by bashing with a mace, poison your arrows, or shoot off explosive elemental bolts from a crossbow, shove away entire crowds with your shield, etc.

Or use illusion spells to infuriate enemies into fighting each other, calm down that scary bear, scare enemies away like the badass you are.

Or incinerate enemies with flamethrowers, fireballs/firebolts, fire runes, fire auras and a gigantic firey blast that surrounds you. Light damage over time effect too.

Or chill and sap enemies stamina with a chilly breeze, icicles, frost auras, frost runes, or a blizzard.

Or shock enemies into submission and destroying all the magicka they have with static electricity, thunderbolts, shock runes, shock auras, and a freaking kamehameha death laser.

Or summon undead thralls, fire, frost, and shock daedras, daedra lords, spirit wolfs, a frost giant, a dragon, an undead dragon, like 3 varieties of blue sekeletons, a spectral horse, spiders, spirit legends from Sovngarde, a dead spirit assassin from the Oblivion days, etc.

Or apply magic armor or fire off magic light orbs.

Or cripple dragons out of the sky, shout people off cliffs, see through walls, wind-dashing through gaps in the walls, breathe fire, breath frost, freeze time and shoot many arrows through the air anime style, and many other shouts to use.

Or turn into a werewolf and chow down on whole entire cities.

Or turn into a vampire lord and suck the blood from everything you see.

Or cause the sun to explode into a bright fire-damage explosion against undead or turn the sun blood red and help the undead instead.

+1 to Skyrim.

Satisfaction. 

Skyrim's ragdolls are not very satisfying unless you are shouting people off cliffs.

The Witcher's ragdolls are the exact same way, but you don't really have the option to throw people off cliffs.

The basic sword attacks in Skyrim hardly have any effect on enemies unless you are staggering them with a bash or power attacks. You could throw fireballs into them and they wouldn't flinch until their healthbar is gone, and then they slump to the ground.

The Witcher 3's enemies are more reactive than that, they at least react to being hit with basic attacks. Spells actually effect them.

Skyrim's decapitations and killmoves are ok, but they are very jarring and very random.

The Witcher's gore makes things all the better. The camera work during TW3's executions is probably the most fluid part about it's combat, even if the executions are unreliable to pull off.

+1 to The Witcher.

Difficulty.

Skyrim's hardest difficulty is less on actual skill, but more about damage trading. So yeah. Pass.

The exact same thing can be said for The Witcher 3's Deathmarch, but The Witcher 3's combat is marginally more skill based solely because of the dodging, even though the dodging is unreliable thanks to the hitboxes.

+1 to the Witcher.

Skyrim - 3

The Witcher 3 - 2

Clear winner here is Skyrim, unless The Witcher 3 has the Enhanced Edition. 

If you know how to mod well, Enhanced Edition is a must have.
            I remember playing W3 on death march in college when I had so much more free time and patience. And anxiety that I needed to escape from, but that's beside the point. The game was pretty damn frustrating on death march now that I think about it, and considering how fast I drop open world RPGs now, I wouldn't get through W3 today, even on easier difficulties.
                Idk, I did the same thing in college and death March was the first time I tried an alchemy build and I actually had a lot of fun with it? Maybe it was just because of how broken late game alchemy abilities are lol. The beginning bit was incredibly frustrating though on that difficulty
                    I went with the Heavy attack focus, that felt like a reliable but still fun way of delivering huge damage to cut down the bullet sponge enemies. And then some basic alchemy stuff and sign boosts. I had read about the alchemy builds, but they didn't connect with my fantasy of witcher combat. Cutting monsters apart with those big downward swings did haha.
                The games difficulty pacing is way off. Back when this released I was hunting achievements, so played in death march right out the gate. Playing death the entire playthrough, the first 1/3 of the game is hard, middle is normal, and the last 1/3 is brain-dead easy.
                    I think that when you get to the point where you swim in money, it starts to be a game of "dodge the OHK, use the shield sign and kill the badguys". Early game you can be pretty starved for healing items, since you are broke all the time.
            Why play it then? Might as well watch youtube videos of it. Like if the gameplay isn't fun why "play" the game?
                Because you can still experience the world on your own terms, like a choose your own adventure book.
                Because combat isn’t gameplay.  It’s the thing that interrupts the gameplay with tedium.
                    So what is the "gameplay" from what people are saying it's "the story" and "choices you make" but does that mean the witcher is just one of those books where you decide how it ends?
                        It is something where you decide where it ends. It has exploration.  It has world building both environmental and textual.
                onerous elastic engine weather languid prick disgusted mysterious close badge -- mass deleted all reddit content via https://redact.dev
                    The Witcher 3's combat is honestly stupidly easy, even on Deathmarch. The problem is that Deathmarch makes the awful combat even more terrible by bloating everyone's health bars to boss level.
            You really have to play more games if you think Witcher combat is the worst
                Try me. I played over 789 games, varying from AAA to indie, in the past 17 years. That is the current size of my gaming library.

Witcher 3's combat is definitely one of the worst combat systems in all of AAA gaming.
            I'd put RDR2 on PC up there with abysmal combat (and UI generally) as piss poor for a AAA.
            This is hyperbole as fuck. Its just Arkham combat with swords.
        When I first played W3 a couple years ago I thought the combat system was fine and didn't understand why some people don't like it. Started a new playthrough recently and now it hit me just how bad it is. Still love the game though
        The story sucks too.  It's beyond generic humdrum with the most boring Gary Stu protagonist in RPG history.  Zero creativity at any point.  Just trope after trope after trope.
    Honestly for the Witcher, it's completely OK just to play story mode and enjoy it.  It's a phenomenal game.
        Yep. Witcher 3 does many things great, but its combat (IMO don't get your knickers in a twist fanboys) is NOT one of them. I find it clunky, unresponsive and the targetting system is complete dogshit on PC.

Also, rolling around like a prick just gets old in general.  At least the game has dash and the perfect counters are badass (not to mention they're pretty much a one shot on humans on normal difficulty, as they should be imo so they usually proc the sync kill which is cool) 

Maybe I just dont like that Arkham style of combat, really didnt like the lotr game that had it either.
            I'm personally perfectly comfortable with calling TW3's combat dogshit, and it's also likely my favorite game after Skyrim (which only grabs this spot because of the endless creativity brought by mods)

The game is much more fun on lower difficulty settings, where you can use any combat style to get through enemies - which makes it stylish as fuck! You can actually afford to switch between different armor tiers as you feel - wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel. Witcher 3 has great immersion, and taking advantage of it makes the experience so much more enjoyable.

And about that little poke on Shadow of Mordor - I kinda agree the combat styleis similar, but they're different types of games. SoM has a much bigger emphasis on the beat em all style and thus makes combos and timing essential. If you don't like flashy combos, you're in trouble because the game's other elements, like story or RPG elements, aren't that great.
                I never really got that, tbh. For me it was just fine, perfectly serviceable but nothing special. I must be in the minority for that though
                My gripes with shadow of war are the same gripes as rings of power, if you're not gonna respect the lore, why fucking bother? Come up with your own fantasy world if you wanna shit all over everything is my opinion and I'm sticking to it. Ditto for the witcher show.
                    I haven't seen rings of power, but this guy's making a very legitimate criticism of the Shadow of War/Mordor games. A murderhobo one man army has no place in the setting of a story about how power inevitably corrupts and the world is saved by the loyalty and innocence of the hobbits. Those games exploited the name recognition of Middle-Earth while curling out a great big steaming shit on everything Tolkien's work stood for.
                    Can anyone explain why this guy is getting down voted? I'm out of the loop
                    Some really great pieces of media are set in alternate versions of our world, the events of gladiator unfortunately didn't really happen. It's silly to demand that movies adhere to the strict historical facts of our world, and it's also silly to demand that a non-canon piece of media adheres to strict Canon.
                        I agree with you. As long as the piece of media is well executed, what does it matter if adheres to the lore strictly or not? 

Sadly, there are so many examples where movies/series failed to deliver and failed to to follow the source material, cough Death Note.
                > wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel

Or wearing New Moon armor for everything because it looks the coolest :D
            The combat prevented me from enjoying it for so long, and I finally grew to love it when I played on an easier difficulty to skip the tedium. W3 is about the story, and that’s where player agency is strongest. There are so many interesting questlines and different ways things can play out based on the choices you make.
            You know, I'm one of the poor souls that got to experience the Witcher 3 for the first time on the Switch... It was not what I expected at all. 

I hated the combat. I would die with f\*cking wolves, or even those water f\*ckers that lurk around the rivers. I thought that either I was bad as hell, or the switch wasn't made for running the Witcher 3 on it. I quit the game right after capturing/hunting the griffin. It really didn't work for me. I did believe the Switch's low power was the problem, but now that I read your comment I think maybe it's the game itself and you just need to get used to it. 

In any case, I bought it again for $5 last year and have yet to get a chance to play it again, but properly, with an RTX 3070.
                What difficulty were you playing at? (I'm not trying to blame you at all, and sometimes we just don't like a game. Even if a lot of others do. And that's fine.) Cause the "dying to wolves" thing was EXACTLY what I was doing when I started Deathmarch. :D It took me so long to get it. I really didn't pay attention to combat until then lol, unless it was something especially hard. So I didn't really learn it.
                Its not the worst combat ever but it locks you into these long swing animations that just beg enemies to hit you. I got bored of it pretty quick and just went full griffin mage build and burnt everyone to death while ccing them with bombs.
                    The default walking controls are awful. There's an 'alternative walking mode' or something like that in the controls that, while making Geralt move more arcade-y, stops him barreling round like a dysentric torpedo
                        I think it's like alternate animations or something. Basically let's you cancel out of animations while fighting.  Makes the combat a bit more responsive.
            I'm a Witcher fan and somebody who personally finds combat decent. I usually never care about completing games on highest difficulty, yet I finished it on Deathmarch on my second playthrough.

That being said, I absolutely understand how people can dislike the combat as it is somewhat repetitive and it's a completely valid criticism. They should improve it in the next game.

Also an offtopic point: I loved combat in Horizon Zero Dawn but its characters, storytelling and writing were pretty bad IMO, so I'd always prefer games with strong characters and story.
                Never say that about HZD in one of the main gaming subreddits.

The premise is cool and so is the gameplay loop and enemies, but by God the story and character building is awful. Never played a game where the 'city' felt more dead and Ill designed than most games little villages. Whoever wrote the script and designed the 'tribes' in this game deserves a medal for managing to worm his way into such a big project.
            I'm sure I'll get downvoted but the combat and the story were unappealing to me. I finally decided to stop trying to force myself to enjoy a game I don't enjoy and move on to enjoy games that click for me faster than apparently I need to invest in Witcher games time wise.
                Why would you be downvoted for voicing an opinion? 

/s
                    If only  people on reddit would understand that the downvote button isn't a disagree button.
                        I never understood it. For these people, a downvote over someone you slightly disagree with is the same as downvoting hate speech. 

You can create a scale with the voting system, upvotes things you like or want to encourage, don't vote on things you don't agree with or don't care about and downvote the stuff you actively want off of the site. It's pretty fucking easy and takes zero brain cells to put into action, but I'll get downvoted for this inevitably out of spite.
            I like the combat in Arkham/Shadow of Mordor and still think combat is the worst part of Witcher 3. If the combat was more fun (or just not required/handled totally differently?) I probably would have finished it, but at this point it's stuck forever in my "maybe I'll go back to it someday" pile.
            Maybe I'm just getting old but I also find the combat system really hard to remember. It doesn't help that the spells have obscure names rather than just, you know, what they do.
            Yeah, it sucks. Maybe it was "ok" for its time, but it's a glorified left click sim in which you're rewarded for using the right oil before the fight.

Still a great game, but not worth playing on any difficulty above normal.
            i believe rolling should be abolished in all games. The witcher 3's combat design is absolutely horrendous and rushed imo. People forget that CDPR was rushing at the end of production. There was no love there just like cyberpunk but they managed somehow to skirt that perception with the witcher.
            The combat is fucking stupid because it's meta perfect. The story author "knows Jack about swordfighting".  Geralt and Vesi have no idea how to use crossbows or grenades either.
                [deleted]
                    Well if you're a monster used to dealing with swords and armor some lunatic throwing grenades is going to catch you by surprise.  

"That was then.  This is now."
                Meta perfect?
            Arkham's style is button mashing with environment interaction. It's nothing like Witcher 3 combat. 

Witcher 3 has i-frames, counters, block, parry, sidestep, dashes, timing, AI changes (enraged, packs) etc. It's quite literally a dance when you get into the rhythm.
        Thats what Im currently doing. Usually I play games at the highest difficulty. But playing W3 at the second easiest (not sure what that is called) difficulty and its so much fun. I just finished stuff in Novigrad and man, some moments are emotional and hard hitting.
            You still have tons of amazing moments to experience and I'm so jealous, I wish I could erase my memories and play it for the first time again.
        

>it's completely OK just to play story mode and enjoy it.

This is true for literally every game. Play the game how you like so you get your enjoyment out of it.
    Just curious why did you opt to play on the hardest difficulty for a first playthrough? For me, I'll usually finish my first playthrough in any game on whatever is engaging, easy or medium usually and then once I've mastered the mechanics I'll jump up to hard.

Also a lot of games lose a lot on hard difficulty, usually a sign of a weak combat system that doesn't scale very well, and the Witcher 3 absolutely has a weak combat system. 

But considering you're not taken in by any of the stories yet, maybe the game just isn't for you.
        I've had the same question reading this thread. I don't understand why OP (and so many others) pick the hardest difficulty on their first playthrough of anything. It's an odd mentality. 

If I see a "Normal" difficulty setting, I assume the developer called it that because that's the way the game is normally meant to be played, and every difficulty higher than that is for after the first playthrough.
            When you have all the way to hundreds of games with varying length awaiting their turn in your backlog, you really can't afford to do a second playthrough of games, so might as well do it on overdrive the first time through.
                Counterpoint, if you have a backlog 100s strong, why spend more time on a game struggling through the highest difficulty when you could play it through on Normal and get to your other games quicker?
            Harder difficulty tends to feel how the game is designed. Games not fun when you can mow down enemies. I prefer it when the enemies have me on the ropes.
                I agree, but it seems like whatever "Normal" difficulty is, that should be the most balanced way to play. If it's too easy and not the way the game was intended to be played, then it doesn't make sense for the developers to call it "Normal."

The hardest difficulty should be for veterans who want more challenge than balance. Which should make it no surprise that it's not going to be as fun for a first playthrough, when the mechanics are still unfamiliar.
                    I usually have a method.

If the game has three difficulty settings. I put on hard, which is the third one. As that's the way it's meant to be played.

If the game has four or five difficulty settings, I will put it on the second hardest one, because that many settings usually has the hardest one as excessively difficult.
            Some people play on the highest difficulty because they feel they'll get respect/credit/awesome points for beating a game at that level.
    I had the same issue in Cyberpunk. Then I lowered the difficulty and while it's much much easier and I'm practically a god from the start I was able to sit back and relax and play the game how I wanted to. Same with The Witcher come to think of it
    Also stop worrying so much about the **?** signs.
    I second the lower difficulty and just toss yourself into the story and witcher contracts. Don't try to be completionist. But the main quest and Witcher stuff, when appropriately leveled, is worth it. Don't go back for stuff you've surpassed in the journal unless you're just loving the game. The countless question marks and other stuff is there if you want it or need coin to afford specific upgrades you want. But if you're able to progress the main quests and you're enjoying your build then it's not worth it to get bogged down. The character wants to find his daughter, play with that idea in mind and the game will deal with the rhythm itself. 


I would add to this logic that you still haven't hit the point in the game where the RPG system really kicks in and makes a huge difference. The adrenaline system really makes the whole thing work but you don't start getting those perks until around where you are at the earliest. That feature will determine things like how crazy your potions are or whether you get a free death-avoid in combat, for instance. Things that really specify the playstyle you choose are coming down the pipe, as well as the purchaseable item to respec at will. 


I've beaten the game once but had a number of false start second playthroughs on higher difficulties. I'm playing on an easier setting now and loving it. The game has terribly balanced difficulty. It feels like there's no middle ground between an arcade-y experience or one where you have to painstakingly prepare for every fight and avoid all mistakes. Given those options I think a story-centric option makes sense for a first playthrough.
        Hey late reply but which difficulty are you currently playing on?
    Don't focus on the open world part. Just go from main quest to side quest. 

Open world exists so that the story feels alive. Get the story rolling on an easier difficulty. It's a great story. And the Game really gets much much better once you get to novigrad.
    It won't.  There's a fundamental disconnect here.  Some people just don't care about gameplay, those people have a high chance of liking TW3.  Some people do care about gameplay, those people have a high chance of disliking TW3.  

Play Elden Ring instead.
        I made the mistake of trying to do the Witcher after playing dark souls. I couldn't do it...
        My husband hated W3 combat. He plays online games mostly and rarely plays single player games until I recommend him something many times. He loved the game and even finished it.
        I care about gameplay and love Witcher 3. I thought Elden Ring was mediocre however.
    I was similar to you either this one. Had several attempts but the burn out was real. The last time I played it through my goal was to hit the story fairly quickly with minimal side quests. Unless they were particularly cool like go kill a dragon or somewhat related to the story. Ended up at about 120 hours on a bare bones play through. Easiest difficulty so no worries for oils and all the extra RPG crap. I think you gotta enjoy the setting as well though. Usually I like Sci Fi style games so this was a very different game for me. Loved it at the end
    To and on the above comment, you just played the part (the swamp/bog) where the entire point of the story is to feel despair, 4 times in a row. The game becomes more fun from that point, but also it's probably not the game for you
    [deleted]
        How much better does it get after Novigrad?

I’ve lowered the difficulty and am basically just following the main quest at this point. I’m enjoying it more but I can’t say I’m “loving it”. The presentation is fantastic and the dialogue is great though.
            [deleted]
                I think that's a good way to put it, TW3's open world elements really are predictable and repetitive. I mean you can simply ignore them, but at that point, why even bother if you're not going to engage with the game's mechanics.
    I'm at playthrough attempt #4, been playing around 32h and finally heading for Skellige. The trick for me was exactly that. I play on easy, doing quests that only interests me like scavenging and hunting stuff for school uniforms, I mean armor, and quests with interesting story behind them. I like the easy mode because I can progress the main story at any time I want, and overpowered enemies still one hit, so there is a small fear of seeing op enemy.  


Switch to easy and do exactly what you want in the game.
So this is another thing - where is this "great story"? I am serious, I played for about 20 hours before I quit. The main story was atrocious. It was all just - go help this guy and get some info, then go help this guy and get some more info on and on. Does it get better at a later point?
    Nope it's pretty much a story about a guy who gets dragged around like a dog on a chain by everyone, it fits well with the protagonists personality.
Playing Witcher 3 on easy is what finally allowed me to love the game. Honestly I just don’t like the combat, but the story, characters, environments are incredible.
I’m there with you. The older I get, the more I realize I simply don’t have the time anymore to put a ton of hours into a game. I want to get the most out of my experience in a reasonable amount of time, and if that involves dropping the difficulty down to easy or normal, so be it. 

Putting the extra pressure of challenge on myself is serving nobody and is doing nothing but adding more time to something I don’t get to do much at all. I have nothing to prove to anybody by saying “I beat it on Death March.” At the end of the day, truly, nobody cares. 

I want to play the game, experience what it has to offer, finish it, and move on to the next one.
I played on Death March on my second play through and absolutely loved it. What I didn't love was the fact that the achievement for finishing it on DM glitched out and I didn't get it. Felt like a waste of time a little bit. But at least I know in my mind that I did finish it on that difficulty.
Yeah I used to be someone who made it a point to play on hard modes. I still do in some cases like with Doom, as I find they were really built with them in mind, but most story modes I find to be most enjoyable right around medium. I've found that the real way for me to gain immersion is by turning off as much HUD as possible. Then I can actually use landmarks and explore, instead of follow a glowing path or question mark on a minimap.
    > I find they were really built with them in mind

This is key: if a game's tuned for hard that mode will shine, if it's not that mode will feel like a slog.  It's usually apparent by a few hours in if not sooner.
Not OP but your comment about signs and oils is interesting. I've always wanted to play Witcher 3 but all the menus, potions, crafting, etc feels overwhelming. Are you saying I could play on a lower difficulty, ignore most of that stuff, and still enjoy the game? Maybe play it like more or an action game with a deep story vs a hardcore RPG?
    Yes, on a lower difficulty you really don't need most of that stuff. A couple of the signs are useful but you can just buy potions and ignore oils.
        Thanks for the tips! Appreciate it
    I literally just used the shield sign and light attack 90% of the time
I found once I turned off the question marks the game became what I wanted.
Very late reply but yeah this is true. I tried for months to play it but got annoyed by all the signs and shit and didn't want to lower the difficulty because of my 'gamer ego' lmfao. I turned it down until later on when I could handle death march and just enjoyed the story. Hands down one of the best games I've ever played, one of the few games I wish I could play for the first time again.
> Your issue is you are playing on death march and experiencing the game as anyone playing on death march would.

I always laugh a little when someone complains about a game being tedious or slow or a slog and they're playing on the hardest difficulty.  It's a regular thing with Dying Light, which is tuned for the player to play through on each difficulty consecutively - someone plays on Nightmare and complains that all the enemies are damage sponges and it's tedious and awful and it's like "yeah you're supposed to be partially through the Legend skill tree on Nightmare, wtf are you doing?"

Some games just don't have their difficulty scaling tuned very well, or their difficulty levels are built for certain types of experiences.  Witcher 3 on hard is great if you're trying to immerse yourself in the role, and really want to study the world lore and enemy bestiary and all that tedious slog stuff.  That's the whole point of that difficulty, really - to force you to use all the knowledge and mechanics at hand for as many fights as possible.  Unfortunately the combat itself doesn't really support that, there's no extra enjoyment in the gameplay itself with that unless you really want every battle to feel like a Big Deal.

I have a friend who won't play anything on lower than the hardest difficulty because "I want the challenge".  Ironically he also played Diablo 2 regularly for years, where "start on easy and work your way through the difficulty levels" is one of the core gameplay mechanics.
I'm having the same experience as OP. The game is dull as hell.

I'm playing on death march and this has nothing to do with the difficulty selection. I've been able to clear a village of level 25 gouls while being level 7. There's absolutely no challenge in the combat mechanic. Quen, dodge, light attack. Always works no matter the level of the enemy. The gear has no impact what-so-ever. Does not make me want to loot anything.

All missions are the same, the game is just a checklist.

The female characters are all just boobs on legs.

I find myself either fast traveling or always looking at the mini-map.

The world is flat as far as one can see.

And I don't understand all the praise about this game. It was released in 2015, but it does not stand the comparison with Assassin's Creed 2 released in 2009. Way more engaging, beautiful cities, more challenging combats, better move mechanics, even though the game is also just a checklist. Or the comparison with Elder Scrolls oblivion, released in 2006, where you can actually go anywhere in the world and just explore endlessly.
If you want to experience real difficulty, try Insane mode in the Witcher 2. Just as the name suggests, it can really make you go insane.
I'd argue that playing Witcher 3 on higher difficulty levels makes it a much better game. It's otherwise far too easy and gets repetitive even quicker.
    Depends, I'd say that difficulty in most video games can easily be more tedious for a lot of people, especially in an RPG where the only difference is going to be more numbers = more time spent on it.
        I've never played a game where increasing difficulty did anything more than just stat bloat mobbs by doubling their health and giving them a small damage boost. Just hitting something 3 more times than before isn't  "difficulty" to me if the ai is exactly the same.
            I feel like increasing the difficulty in The Last of Us is perfect, it makes it so that your resources are more limited, and you have to be more strategic.
                Increasing the difficulty in doom eternal made it so that more demons could attack you at the same time
    Yup, witcher always had bad difficulty scaling. It starts off very hard and becomes very easy very quickly.

Playing it on Easy would honestly make OP quit the game even faster. Terrible advice.
Nah, the game is still stupidly, insultingly easy on death march because the mechanics are so shallow that there is no possibility of skill even entering the equation and gear and skill choices are so basic that there's no room for interesting growth there either.  It's Baby's First Open World Action / Adventure game.  That's the problem with the game.
    They downvote you, but you're completely right.

 Difficulty has nothing to do with why OP finds the game tedious and boring, as you've said, Death March is only hard at the beginning and gets very easy very quickly.
Exactly my thought.  I thought it'd be neat to go for the platinum by playing on Death March after I'd played through the game & DLCs, but a couple of frustrating, dull hours on DM difficulty was enough to convince me not to bother.  My brother had the same sort of experience, and he actually enjoys really challenging games.
Yeah this is baffling. Not enjoying the game and continuing to play it on the hardest difficulty...
    Yeah, seriously
I'm really not so sure about that, I did my first playthrough on death march and to me it felt like it made encounters more meaningful. It meant I had to prepare for bigger encounters, brew potions, oils and all the setup which to me was in line with what a witcher was all about.
    I did the same, same reasoning, but unfortunately I then ended up more like OP.

Interesting I did enjoy and complete CP2077 so I might need to give TW3 another go.
    Exactly my experience. The slavic chanting, the last second dodging from a devastating ghoul slash, so good
I've played it on Death March from the get go with level scaling. It's not that difficult. I'm not a great gamer, I get my ass handed to me in easier games, it's just that I got the hang of it pretty fast. That isn't to say that if you find a game to difficult to enjoy, it's a shame to lower the difficulty.
    I think the issue is more that Death March does make the game a bit more tedious, since you need to setup before encounters, and OP’s issue seems to stem from the game not respecting their time (while they’re playing on the difficulty that specifically drags the game out).
        Okay this is interesting, because I love how Death March requires us to use every mechanic, and I’m not sure if playing on lower difficulty would mean I simply never use oils ever, or whenever I do then I’m so OP it’s not fun.

What are your thoughts?

EDIT:
Lol I’m getting downvoted for asking about someone’s opinion.
            So, I beat Witcher 3 just before Blood and Wine came out. I didn’t do it on Death March, I did it on whatever “Normal” is called. My experience with the combat was this:

-	Potions and oils are nice, but not required (unless they are specifically required to hit a monster that can’t be hit in any other way)
-	Signs are nice, but not required
-	I actually beat the game without using the shield sign (except when it was required) because I didn’t realize how OP it was

So you can definitely beat the game with “the true Witcher experience” of prepping for every encounter, as far as I know. Things might be different in Blood and Wine, but I haven’t played it, so I don’t know about that (I’ve been thinking of doing another playthrough with the Witcher 3 Enhanced Edition mod that overhauls the gameplay completely for some time now).
    Eh, combat in the Witcher games has always been a low point, in my opinion. Playing on harder difficulty levels just drags out an already lacklustre part of an extremely long game..
    Agreed, I also started on Death March, and once you get past the tutorial area and get some gear, the game becomes insanely easy. Genuinely don't understand why everyone calls it difficult.
        Maybe people who find it difficult haven’t discovered how broken dodge is? And Quen for that matter.
            Yup, I like this subreddit but for some reason they mass downvote anyone who dares to say that Death March isn't as hard as it sounds..
                Possibly because it tends to be a response to people saying it's hard?

You have people saying "maybe you shouldn't play it on the hardest difficulty", then others responding "but it's not hard though"... it's just... pointless?

Yeah, maybe it's not hard for you, but for someone else it might be. It's obviously harder than easier difficulties.
                    It’s surprisingly divisive. A lot of games it’s more of kind of a 🤷‍♂️ to what difficulty to play on. With Witcher 3 though I feel like Deathmarch is the only way the game should be played. Upping from normal really added a lot more engagement to everything for me
Some people think their life is worth more when they play everything on hardest difficulty.
I played on Death March to start, otherwise it was too easy. Potions and oils are just not needed on easier levels, at least on DM I needed to occasionally use a few of the 40 potions I had found the recipe for.
I’m not particularly good at video games and I find Deathmarch to be pretty easy tbh. Started on normal, started to feel the game’s combat was losing my interest, upped the difficulty after leaving the starting area, and deathmarch really added some fun and focus to the early game. Gave the monsters a sense of danger.

Really the only way I’d recommend the witcher, otherwise it seems like it’d get too mindless.
[deleted]
So true, i tried dishonored 2 because i loved the first one and after a few hours of dying multiple times in medium difficulty, i said f*** it
practice plucky rock public squalid physical longing shocking scale wild

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
Just putting it out there, I will often try to finish a game even if I'm not having fun with it because I feel bad being part of the discussion if I haven't seen it to the end. I give up on a lot of games, but sometimes I finish something just because it dominates the current gaming conversation.
    So do I. I finish most games I start but clearly OP is beyond that point with this game. Sometimes it is just not for you.
Discouraged the guy from playing one of the best games of all time when he was getting actual good advice to just lower the difficulty. Shame he listened to you.
    Shame that the guy will stop torturing himself over a game? Man, you are nuts. The guy has played 40 (FORTY!!) hours of this game already throughout multiple attempts. He doesn't need to hear from me for the 300th time circlejerk about how great of a game it is. He's heard it enough times already that he's forcing it upon himself and is in evaluating life choices territory now. People go through these feelings before they quit a long time job or drop out of college on the third year, not over a game.  

If there is an iota of him that happens to remotely like this game, then op would have found that within himself ten times over by now. Not to mention, OP specifically says he is on death march for this particular run as an attempt to find joy in the game. It is not a random mistake on his part.
        No, I said it was a shame he did not take advice to just lower the difficulty. He’s been torturing himself to 1) play the game and 2) play it on death march. Only one of those is a mistake for a first run and if you’re having trouble getting to where the story starts to branch and get really good. We all know the combat is weak, and he has made that the most time-consuming part of the game for him. He complains of having to do the same thing over and over, but doesn’t see that he would have some flexibility to find a play style within the combat system on a lower difficulty. 

I play Destiny 2 so I am not exactly some stranger to difficult choices about games and time spent etc. I am a try hard and I did Witcher 3 on Blood and Broken Bones and it was perfect. I am not nuts at all - I wish the guy had taken the advice of the many many people saying ‘wrong difficulty bro, that’s causing all that stuff you’re complaining about’ instead of one person or a few people who just said ‘forget about it, you obviously don’t like it!’ I wouldn’t like it on Death March either for my first try. The fact he’s ‘doing it deliberately on that setting’ is…irrelevant if it’s the wrong setting for a first play through. 

‘I made the game so hard it has to be played in a boring way and I don’t like it because it’s too slow and hard!’ That’s what I read and I was delighted to see so many people giving the right advice: just turn down the difficulty. Those people were speaking to OP’s desire to play the game and find what is so great about it. I will always prefer to have someone listen to an encouraging voice than one that says ‘just give up bro’. 

I can well recall spending 250 hours in this game and not thinking the first 50 were particularly special. I didn’t know what a gem I was playing until I was done in Velen. 40 hours or not, this guy has not really given the game a feasible chance to be enjoyed. Turn the difficulty down, get the story going, get the good side quests going. He wants to enjoy himself and asked us for advice and I see a lot more people saying turn the difficulty down than ‘just quit bro you obviously don’t like it’. He genuinely doesn’t know that yet, it is a slow burn massive RPG. 

I didn’t watch Gladiator until I was almost 30 because I found the first hour slow, before the plot is established. Would you tell me to stop watching the movie at that point? No. So OF COURSE stop doing something making you miserable: that something is not playing Witcher 3! It’s playing Witcher 3 on Death March for a first attempt when it’s not even a type of game you like! That’s not a way to give the game an actual chance. If he’s just found out Ciri went to Novigrad, he hasn’t experienced ANY of the content the game is so loved for. So advice to stop playing when the difficulty is the problem is bad advice.
            OP has already tried the game on a lesser difficulty, so most of what you are saying does not even apply. Did you even read the post? What more must he do to satisfy your quotas? 40 hours may be a relatively short time for some other longer playtime or evergreen game like an mmo but for the witcher it is more than enough. Even in a thousand hour game, no game goes from zoning out to think about life choices level of bad to being a great game. Maybe it goes from meh to decent. So I will tell people to quit most of the time if they are truly miserable. Maybe some people can read games better than you and don't need 50 hours. The guy is saying he is actively questioning his life choices for god's sake. What is there to gain from forcing a game on yourself?  

For the sake of argument, the difficulty doesn't even change much in this game. If it did, and he was actually randomly starting on hardest for his first playthrough, I'd have absolutely told him. It is not some deep game that dawns on your mind over a long period of time. It is a game with a lot of effort and care and value put into it, but in the end it is still another simple open world rpg. Even if it is the GOAT in that genre, op has specifically mentioned not liking that style of game. Just because you have limited perspective on games and are lost in circlejerk, it does not mean the game is not objectively weak and limited in certain aspects. The guy listed them in a tangible way. He was not able to look past them like you and I did. If you want to motivate him to play, tell him his issues can be circumvented or that it gets better in time (don't forget the why and how!) instead of this cultist level blind praise with no substance and focusing on abstracts like things revealing their true nature after unspecified amounts of time.  

Just because a game or movie has wide critical acclaim does not mean everyone needs to enjoy it otherwise they don't "get" it. In fact, I am finding the opposite to be true these days. In the end OP is free to choose as he desires. If he wants to go with the "a lot more people" because they are numerous about a game he started to play and not enjoy because he listened to the numbers in the first place, he can do so and give it another 40 hours. I am just trying to help the guy as someone who has played, enjoyed and recommended this game to other people.
I must respectfully disagree with the combat take….somewhat. I played through twice on lower difficulties (maybe normal, then hard?) and the combat was always meh. Def agree there. However, my third playthrough was on deathmarch, and I thought it added so much. You really have to know the enemies and their weaknesses. Always prep with oils and potions. It really brought a lot out of the game for me, so I always recommend it. You’re right though, still not as good as other games like elden ring. 

But I will agree with the rest of your take. If OP isn’t enjoying deathmarch then def shouldn’t keep playing on deathmarch hahaha.
    I think the boss monsters in regular difficulty should've had their difficulty way higher than it was, especially since damage sponge Drowners on the higher difficulties aren't actually much fun compared to a really hard Wyvern fight.
> the two DLC’s are the best stories I’ve ever experienced in games

+1. The main quest is only truly great if you've read the books and/or watched the Netflix series. TW3 alone doesn't provide enough context as to why Geralt should care about Yennefer or Ciri.

Blood and Wine added a ton of new content and the story is great. Hearts of Stone is on another level entirely. It is one of my favorite stories regardless of medium, best game for sure.
    I played the game before reading the books and watching the series, still absolutely loved it. I *am* very annoyed with myself for choosing Triss over Yennefer, I never could understand why she was being such a bitch. NOW I KNOW!!!

Currently replaying and going to fix all my mistakes.
Yeah seriously, nobody is playing TW3 primarily for the gameplay, yet that's the only aspect the guy seems to really focus on. Experiencing the story alone should get a player hooked. If they aren't, it's not the right game for them
Yep, I realized this when I started to get burned out on gaming a few months ago (I took a break). Every game is the same boring repetitive elements. The difference is really immersion. Some games get you immersed, while others don't. If it's not working then move on.
Funny, I thought the story was trash after..Skellige I guess. It starts pretty good but after the main attack and the gang following the antagonist it nose dives hard 

I’m glad that the DLC are great though, finished the 1st and plan on playing the second dlc soon.
    [deleted]
        Not sure why I was downvoted so much, but yes the side content really shines
    Yeah from what I understand they ran out of time and the 3rd act (after kaer morhen) is way shorter than planned
    I agree, found myself just rushing to finish at a certain point because I'd already invested the time. Didn't visit the dlc
        Oh no, you missed out, both DLCs have far better main quests than the base game :(
        I did exactly the same. I was so close to the end and then just rushed to the end. Bad mistake. I came back years later and did the DLC... Omg I missed out. 

The main quest is whatever, the real gems are the side quests and the dlc. And fortunately if you jump back into the game and don't have your save file you can skip to lvl 30 if you just want to experience the dlc.
        Ah man you gotta play the DLC, Heart of Stone is great
[deleted]
    If The Witcher 3 has bad gameplay in your opinion, which games do you like? I would love to try anything better, but I am suffering from the post-W3-syndrome: every game I try after finishing TW3 feels so much worse, that I find it hard to invest time into it.
        Elden Ring, has much better gsmeplay than TW3 IMO
            I have seen a few gameplay videos, but the game looked like there is no content beyond going forward and swinging your sword. May try it though when it's on sale.
                That is definitely not how I would describe the game. The combat is far better and more varied than TW3, and the world has more variety and dungeons and things to do.
                It's really hard to make sense of what people in the gaming community mean when they use words. I have heard from many people that Elden Ring has no content or that the world is empty. I have also heard from many people that Witcher 3 is boring. Elden Ring has tons of content but it does not come as quests, characters and stories. Of those Elden Ring barely has any. If you want a game with an epic quest where you meet many interesting characters, ER is not it. ER has amazing combat, build variety and level design though and some of the best exploration ever. W3 has none of these last things which is why people might consider it boring but W3 has the amazing storylines.
                You think a Dark Souls game is nothing but swing your sword? What rock have you been living under that you don't understand Dark Soul games you have to learn the pattern of the enemies and the move set of your weapon with limited healing? 

It is literally one of the best games ever made lol. The game is based around combat. If you go fight something and you are under leveled you will probably die. BUT! The great thing is that if you learn the pattern to the enemy and the timing you need with your weapon you can still beat them. 

And the great news is that enemies you thought were difficult before start to become easier as you level up and getting better upgrades for your weapons, more health, more stamina, and better armor. 

The best thing about Elden Ring is that it is much easier and more forgiving in the overall design compared to older titles.
        Try these:

*Divinity Original Sin 2

*Disco Elysium

*Pillars of Eternity Deadfire

Yes these are CRPGs but they have deep lore and fantastic characters/writing, same as the Witcher does. I'd recommend Dragon Age and Mass Effect series but I assume you played those.
            *me when I see Pillars of Eternity II mentioned*

Ekera!
                Haha, I'm 99 hours in and honestly this is the most common word in Deadfire.
I'll add the mod to fast travel from anywhere was especially useful. Also fast looting.
strong wasteful squeeze aspiring hard-to-find toy pot fearless normal crowd

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
    Auto-loot (set to 1 metre or so) and 9999 carry weight capacity vastly improved my experience with the game. I liked it before but it was becoming tedious to pay so much attention to looting and then be punished by the small inventory size.

I used a mod to auto-apply oils so I needn't bother with the micromanagement. You wrote you dislike the travel times so 'Fast Travel from Anywhere' might be for you. I personally found that I much more enjoyed travelling the world as intended instead, since I quickly turned the game into a constant mess of just teleporting everywhere and it really killed the mood for me, so I got rid of that mod quickly, and you can also soft-lock your game if you fast travel out of quest areas when the game intended to trigger an event on the way out. For example you might be deep in a cave, kill the boss monster, and then teleport out. But by default you cannot teleport from within the cave and have to walk out, which triggers a dialogue with an npc for example.

I also used Ultra Gore 2 set to sometimes dismember because it felt much more superhuman witcher to me.

Whatever you decide for I recommend trying out The Witcher 3 HD Reworked Project.
        >Auto-loot (set to 1 metre or so) and 9999 carry weight capacity vastly improved my experience with the game.


This. Absolutely this. Same here. Those mods absolutely changed my feelings about playing Witcher. I've used similar mods in Skyrim and New Vegas for the same effect.


It's amazing once you use them, you realize how much time you spend in these games just picking up stuff and managing your encumbrance in your inventory. Picking flowers and stuff in these games is tiring. Or just the time you spend looking around every room for any lootable containers. Autoloot lets me just focus on the story and quest without worrying about checking the 10 sacks in the corner.
Well, I mean there are a lot of acquired tastes (games, books, films, food, drink, music) where it’s hard to get into it but if you stick with it it can be super rewarding. If there’s a game like Witcher 3 that almost everybody agrees is great, it can be worth sticking with it if you end up really enjoying it later. 

That being said, I gave Witcher 3 a good try myself and have come to the conclusion that it’s def not for me
    That's how I am with Soulsborne games. I played thru 75% of Dark Souls 1 a decade ago before the genre became insanely popular, so I can say I've experienced it--I understand the appeal and I enjoy the world building and lore--but good grief I loathe the miserable gameplay. I feel like I'm missing out but...it's just not for me.

A few years ago I put 15 hours into Ashen thinking maybe I'd like it better since the art style appealed to me more. NOPE lol. Watching other people play Elden Ring is much better than the stress of playing it myself.
arrest piquant butter party racial disagreeable fragile aware bag tidy

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
    You wrote:

>I don’t even understand what I actually enjoy.

but in the OP:

>I'm not a big fan of massive open world games

\--

I think you're setting yourself up for failure by playing this game as an open-world RPG when you already know you don't like open-world games and you're also burned out on RPGs.

Set it to easy or medium difficulty, follow the main quest only for a while and treat it like an interactive movie. If you end up having fun, keep going. If you don't, stop playing and move on with your life. Plenty of other games out there and there's no harm in missing a few here or there, especially given that you already gave it multiple tries.

If anything, you can always look up a 15-30 minute youtube story summary if you care about the story but not the game itself.
I can't even put into words my feelings while reading OP's post when I got to that point. It's just so...idiotic?
    This guy seriously tried four separate times playing a game he doesn't even like. I don't get it.
    Yes, it's dumb.
    A lot of people recommend it even for a first playthrough. But yeah looking back it is dumb.
        Where are these recommendations coming from? I’ve never heard people suggesting you play it on the hardest difficulty, it’s very much a story based experience with okay combat and cool monsters and situations.
            If you search “What difficulty should I play Witcher 3 on?” on google you get a lot of  Reddit threads, though mostly from Witcher related ones, overwhelmingly recommending DM. Though interestingly someone did a poll and most polled that they played on “Story and Sword”.
        It's not your fault OP, these guys are overreacting. I'm really surprised that someone recommended that to you.
            Yes it is, if a lot of people recommend you to smoke meth would you think it's a great idea?
                comparing meth to one of the most highly regarded games of all time is a dumb comparison.

I mean i'd recommend for people to play on deathmarch because you have to learn the systems and its not like the combat is difficult at all, but if you dont like it obviously dont play on it lol
And then comes to reddit to announce to the world he's giving up. Oh poor soul.
Hello! I've helped develop this mod in the distant past. I recommend checking out the Redux version of the mod by Kolaris as well. It's a nice continuation of the project that is still getting regular updates.

Thanks for the shout out!
    Oh yeah I recognize your nickname! It's a wonderful mod that's brought many a lot of fun. You should be very proud. 

I have set Witcher 3 aside for now, but I'll check it out when i start playing again.

Thanks again for all your hard work. It made a great game into something superb.
“Same strokes for everyone”
-Tom Segura
Came here to say something similar. I usually have 2-3 games going simultaneously. If I'm not in the mood for one I'm usually in the mood for one of the others installed on my drive.
I don't have ADHD and games like this where the combat never changes and you fight endless mobs of the same enemies just gets repetitive and boring. For example I just beat Spider-Man on PC. Had a blast but I'm glad the game finally ended when it did because I reached max level before the end of the main story and the combat got real old, real fast.
Ironically I dropped Yakuza 0 but only because I was busy at the time. I may have to give it another go. I also have ADHD and it sucks.
    Have ADHD and played through the whole Yakuza Series that is on PC and currently am playing Lost Judgement.

Though 0 to me still is the best one.
    ADHD here too. Are you on meds? Honestly I could probably not finish an open world game without the chemical help.
This is interesting. I loved TW1 and TW3, but couldn't get into TW2, even though I tried about 5 times. Eventually, I watched a let's play to experience the story that way.
I see so many people saying "play it for the environment, story, and characters."

If I wanted that, I'd read a book. Not saying the story isn't good, but fuck off with the praise. The gameplay itself is shit and that's what needs to be looked at.
    There was a review on a season of something where a writer for the show said something like, "If you didn't enjoy season 1, you will 2"

Like, bitch, what makes you think I finished season 1?
That damn werewolf. He had me stuck for a bit as well. That was probably the hardest fight in the entire game for me.
>But I think he heals up if he gets too far away from me?

Have you read the bestiary entry? You can disable its magic (including magic healing) by throwing a simple dimeritium bomb at it.
I completely agree. The big problem with the Witcher 3 is that the combat mechanics are dull. Cyberpunk was too easy even on the hardest difficulties, but the combat was pretty damn fun. Plus, it had extremely distinct styles you could experiment with after hours into the game. You could stop being stealth and just switch over to a melee build. (I ended up beating the end boss with my fists).
    Agreed about the combat. I had it on Very Hard from the start and never had a single encounter that felt dangerous. The [HARDCORE22 mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/1908) is making Cyberpunk combat a lot more fun for me on my second playthrough.
I just started Cyberpunk and am really enjoying it so far. Glad I waited a year though...better to pay $10 for a finished game than pay full price to be a beta tester.
The gameplay has aged fine it just wasn't very good to begin with.
    Yeah this game came out in 2015 not 2005. I realize time waits for no-one and that is 7 years ago now but that period of rapid evolution and refinement in gaming ended in the 2010s.
Same. Just wondering, what do you think of RDR2? Because I tried GTA V ages ago and just didn't like it, while RDR2 was one of the best experiences in gaming for me.
    I'll probably like it based on the description I hear but just don't have the time yet to play it. I hear it is a commitment to play. I can only spend small time per sitting at the moment.
The issue with most open world games is that the world itself plays like an afterthought, and is basically irrelevant to the core gameplay experience. Most likely you'll have a typical linear story with a bunch of point A to point B railroaded missions, and then the huge world itself is just filled with pointless trite. These are games set in an open world but not making use of it. Witcher 3 doesn't gain much from the huge increase in playable area or directional freedom that it has over Witcher 2. Basically everyone says ignore the world and combat and just focus on the story. And yet it still makes you waste your time by forcing you to traverse it. Its pretty in places but you know there's basically no reason to explore on your own volition or go anywhere that the game doesn't already offer an objective marker.

I always like to bring up Prey (2017) as an example of an open world done right, almost precisely because its the exact opposite of what the industry seems to think open world means. The map is tiny in comparison, and yet it is all useful active space, rich in storytelling.
I think I might just have to accept I don’t have the patience for a story driven game. Good on you though for at least knowing what you don’t like.
    I would say that the Witcher 3 is not a story-driven game but a stories-driven game. Almost every ? On the map has an interesting or amusing story to go along with it. Dozens of unconnected or mildly connected things that happened in a land where it's easy to go unnoticed. That's the real appeal of the game in my opinion. If that pitch does not do it for you then it's just going to be dots on a screen moving around.

The Witcher 3 is not a game you win. It's a game you experience.
Exactly.
I’ve gotten into RDR2 and it is a pretty magical experience. The key is letting everything between you and Arthur slide out of focus and suddenly you’re chopping wood because you’re worried Tilly might catch cold. The problem is the controls are the conduit between you and Arthur, and the controls are laughably badly designed. If you sink in enough time the friction these controls creates mostly goes away, but you’re always liable to choke out a passerby when you meant to say hi
Same. I tried 3 times and fell off each time.  Even now I still have it installed thinking I'll eventually try again, but then I think about the slog through that long ass snowy intro before the game opens up and it makes me not even want to start.
From Software ruined a good 85% of all combat systems for me. They are just the best at what they do.
You underestimate how dumb I am.
I thought this sub was about peoples reviews? Not every review is going to be positive.
I like having people react to my ramblings.
Why roll at all, regular dodges (Alt on keyboard) are more effective and quicker. Maybe except some very specific situations (like escaping from explosions).
    Really, hmm interesting, maybe I discounted it too soon then
It may make me look stupid but I also don’t really care. Sometimes being called stupid is good too, puts things into perspective.
I also really loved Cyberpunk 2077. I think I’m just more of a cyberpunk, sci-fi person. Also it helps the combat in 2077 never felt too hard, but was always fun and experimental and allowed you to approach it in any way you sought fit. Sneak behind everyone and silently kill them? Guns blazing with a shotgun? Hack everyone before even entering the room? Precision kills with pistols? Blow everyone up? Use katanas and blunt objects? Use your fists? 

In TW3 it’s basically mostly the same every time. You can use signs, bombs, and potions, but it’s not the same level of variation.
Yep. Turbo hard mode is often just finding the one thing that's OP and then exploiting the crap out of it. If you don't enjoy that strategy, tough, it's the only thing that is viable. Or it means looking up a ton of online information / grinding a ton, which isn't very fun either.

Meanwhile on normal you can actually play the way you want to.

I suspect that games would produce more total enjoyment and less frustration in the world if they would simply not have a super-hard mode that requires a ton of tryharding. For every person who genuinely enjoys that, I think there's five people such as OP who select that mode and then get frustrated.
    Especially for open world RPGs. A lot of games lock the hardest difficulty until you've beaten the story, and with good reason. Leave it as a reward for people who enjoy the already grindy game so much they want it to be **more** of a grind.
        Good point, that is probably a good solution.
        I really dislike that solution. Eaxh game requires "a very particular set of skills", and you KNOW what those skills are, most of the time.

I've been greeted with games I found too easy and had no way of cranking them up, which made for a subpar experience.

Options should not be locked.
            As someone has already mentioned though, there are far more people who pick up the game, crank it to the highest difficulty, don't have fun, then dismiss the game.  

Especially so for a game like Witcher 3 in which increasing the difficulty doesnt change the game's mechanics, it just essentially makes battles last longer and makes you have to respawn and repeat content more often.
                Yes, I understand, that, but... "Know thyself", you know?

The difficulty most people will have fun with should be just definitely ENCOURAGED, but not capped to it.

But I believe we agree on a few things:

- What the difficulty options do should be VERY clear (ai difficulty, scaling on health, number of monsters, loot, etc).

- The "intended way" should be very emphasised by the devs (as many games do NOW, but didn't do before).

- Pure scaling is almost always a shitty difficulty. I started skyrim on the hardest mode and it was EGREGIOUS. Just... 4x life for everyone.
                Some Games that i have played recently  Like Last of us, Maxpayne 3, Manhunt, The warriers,  RDR1, Ghost of Tshusmia are really the best  on the hardest differculty while games like Witcher 3 and skyrim Which do not have the best combat are best on normal or even easy. They focus more on their open world and quests.  Of course Witcher 3 does jave flaws in terms of how reactive and interactive the world is.
        I beat Witcher 3 on the easiest 3 times. On my fourth play through I played it on deathmarch.

It’s just as easy as easy but only if I play it a specific way that makes me OP. (Fleet footed plus quen alchemy build)
I only did it for the achievement.
        Aren't all RPGs open world? I can't think of one that it isn't, starting from Ultima and the 8/16 bit JRPGs.
            Text based RPGs, tabletop RPGs, dungeon crawlers etc...
                Text based are super-ultra niche (if they still exist), so are dungeon crawlers.

Tabletops are not even videogames (also, I never played one but I had the impression that they too were open world, isn't D'n'D open world?)

On a side note, the games depicted in "Mazes and Monsters"and "Dark Dungeons", surely seem open world. :)
    Totally agree. I don't understand why so many people seem to love turning games into work. I already have work for that.
        [deleted]
    In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight. This is how the highest difficulty options should behave, make you interested in the lore of the game and you get a reward out of it.

If you can pick whatever you want to do, and have guaranteed success, then its not a difficulty option.
        God I wish I could pick a monster difficulty and a other stuff difficulty.

I adore having to prepare for a really hard question mark level monster what I have read up on and got the stuff for.

But I don’t want the fucking wolves to be more than a couple hits because I just defeated a fucking dragon, they couldn’t even touch me.
            I like that idea, sort of like Total War's recent split between "campaign" and "battle" difficulty
        > In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight.

This is how a salesman looks at W3 combat, because this is how it was designed and marketed

How a high-diff player looks at W3 is: Quen
            Yeah, well put. Unfortunately playing the highest difficulty nearly always boils down to "find the OP thing and abuse it" or "grind until your eyeballs bleed." The amount of viable builds that you have available is often very limited.
                Basically Aerondight+Quen and/or abusing the everloving bejeezus out of toxicity builds, LOL.
    
>I suspect that games would produce more total enjoyment and less frustration in the world if they would simply not have a super-hard mode that requires a ton of tryharding. For every person who genuinely enjoys that, I think there's five people such as OP who select that mode and then get frustrated.

Those people will have to learn that they should lower the difficulty if it gets too frustrating.

 I however, find RPGs (except From Software ones) extremely hard to get into, no matter the difficulty, they're too dispersive, worse than open world games.
I love fromsoftware games. From the ambiance to the way the lore is developed and given to you, to how you have to keep up with quests on your own accord and figuring it all out. That being said, I over level myself every time, or else I will not enjoy it. I've come to terms with the fact that "hardest" does not mean "most fun"
I’ve always considered “Normal” being the intended experience devs craft for a game (unless otherwise stated in game) and unless I’m told otherwise by friends to not for whatever reason, that’s what I play my first time. 

Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow has better drop rates for 100% on Hard so I played Hard at a friend’s suggestion, as an example of an exception for me.
    I usually go with the setting that is intended by devs, on newer games they often tell you in a caption what setting they intended. I remember seeing one that had hard as the intended mode so I went with that over normal. I like games that let you change mid game. If I feel like I'm cruising I'll up the difficulty later.
        Yeah, I always like when the game says what mode is intended.
> hat being said I have never understood why people immediately think they have to play games on the hardest difficulty.

it depends how the game is balanced. If hard mode makes the game more tactically interesting (like in fire emblem), and requires me to understand the game systems properly to succeed, then its enjoyable. If it just decreases my damage and increases the enemy hp, it seems like a waste (like in jrpg where your level is the only thing that matters for combat).

I find that the witcher 3 is incredibly easy on deathmarch after you reach novigrad. Before that it was rough because i had no consistent ways to heal myself. Deathmarch is nice because i feel more rewarded for using oil and interacting with the games systems, but in the end all you have to do is press quen and dodge in circles and you're invincible.
I'd sometimes love harder options, but harder as in, they notice you easier, or start using weird skills or something you have to work with instead of just making every fight with a random wolf last ten minutes.
Ive been playing most of my games on their easiest or normal difficulty for years now and never had as much fun as i have. And if i find it to be too easy and boring i can nudge it up to my liking.
    Agreed, even though I do really enjoy fromsoft games I will deff look stuff up if it keeps my progress going. I don't have the time to slam my head in getting nowhere. I also really enjoy roguelikes/lites (tbh idk what the difference is) but certain ones I really struggle with because of not progressing. Hades always had a sense of progress. FTL absolutely crushes my will to play
> Shit I'm way past playing games on turbo hard mode. From soft games aside since those were designed around the difficulty.

===

Super hard games bore me because I can't jump back n forth easily (I like to play a couple different games at a time) so I have to relearn the game, something I already did, thus I get bored. Final Fantasy Origin Stranger of Paradise did this too me too once the DLC came out (still pissed that they locked it behind the difficulty options and didn't say anything until it came out, waste of $20 right there). 

===

Elden Ring came out right before I started a new job and relearning how to play it every so often go so boring. 

===

Difficulty for the sake of it just doesn't do anything for me.
    I won't lie, fromsoft games are definitely not for everyone. For me the muscle memory on those comes back very quickly after taking a break. I am also not gonna lie, I never thought I would enjoy fromsoft games since usually I agree that I don't like difficulty for the sake of it. The souls bug just hit me and never let go
I usually don’t care about playing on hard but a lot of people suggest deathmarch even on a first playthrough which is why I was set on playing on it. Honestly it’s not too bad if you’re fighting enemies at or below your level, but it prolongs the already unenjoyable combat. I’m going to just lower it to easy and see if it improves things.
    Yeah the combat is definitely not the strongest part of this game. Try to focus instead on other aspects- the fantastic main story, lore, and world.
    Idk about deathmarch but I think I played it one setting lower(blood and broken bones?). I quite liked it, though it was dragging on towards the end.

And I’d really highly advise against checking out each question mark. Think of them as diversions when you’re on the way to doing something for a side quest. This applies double for Skellige.

Also, if at some point it seems that your level isn’t increasing no matter what you do, that’s the game’s way of telling you that you need to do the main story now.

I had the most fun looking for better gear(Witcher gear especially) and reading about the monsters personally. And for some odd reason I actually liked the combat. But then again I have poor taste in combat systems, so…
    This, and truly trying to enjoy being a Witcher. If you can, try actually Role-playing a bit. You pretty nailed the gameplay loop in the OP but those are just core mechanics.

Much of the enjoyment the initial praise is from is bring on a lower difficulty so you can explore more, spending time reading bulletins and talking to NPCS, focusing on romance quests, and over all trying to appreciate the Detective Noir that truly is at the center of the game.

Sometimes quests are kinda boring, sometimes though you actually get caught up in the mystery you're supposed to solve and Idk I personally enjoyed listening to Geralt mutter to himself like an old detective.

All of that said, I'm also struggling to get back into playing it, so you're not wrong either.
Think the mantra of difficulty is just an easy way to really "bite" into a world and it's gameplay/lore. If i have like savepoints every 5 minutes and am sequencing a bunch of scenes that are attainable for anyone and everyone, i don't feel any motivation. This is why i love Roguelites and Souls games. Or hardcore fps. Dirt Rally. All take effort.
    A game being accessable to everyone means you aren't motivated to play? Not trying to be shitty but that sounds pretty elitist to me.

I think games being accessable is a good thing. Difficulty should be scalable to a players skill. Gaming enjoyment to me is not dependent on whether or not I'm more skilled than other people. RPGs specifically are meant to be an immersive world where a player can enjoy the story
        I was just commenting on the mantra of difficulty and what it means to me personally. 
I still enjoy chill stuff like music games, platformers, storybased stuff etc. 

Accessibility is cool, but i also love a singular experience like a Souls game.
[deleted]
    Witcher 3 has one of the worst combat systems in AAA gaming as far as I'm concerned.


Take it down from Deathmarch to Just the Story, OP. 

Witcher 3 is played for the interesting side quests, not the awful gameplay it has.
        I disagree. It's not top tier, but it's enjoyable. 

Just curious, what do you think of Elder Scrolls combat?
            The biggest problem with this misconception about the combat is that they made it look too good on a superficial level. They see the trailer and gameplay videos and expect it to be dark souls-esque hitbox porn, when in reality it’s just jazzed up RPG combat. If that’s your expectation, then the Witcher is simply not that type of game and never has been.
  
From my own perspective, coming from W1 and games like KotoR or Dragon age, I think the W3 combat is terrific for what it is. I wonder what they would think if it had isometric turn based combat, or just real time point and click.
                In no way, shape or form does The Witcher 3 combat look even remotely close to Dark Souls.

The combat itself is a bit simple, it's the elements around it that might elevate it, but those involve going into menus, pick potions, bombs, apply oils, and all that is a slog because there's a looot of fighting while roaming around the infinite question marks.
            Skyrim's combat is bland, but not outright garbage like The Witcher 3's combat.

Reliability, Variety, Fluidity, Difficulty and Satisfaction are core to a solid combat system.

Skyrim's combat is boring, but very reliable. 

In Skyrim, you can always count on your sword or your spell hitting the enemy, whereas in The Witcher 3, Geralt's attacks change depending on distance away from enemies, and some of the attacks that he uses depending on distance aren't reliable at the chosen distance at all, which makes even the most basic attacks ridiculously annoying and unreliable to use. (Looking at you stupid thrust attack)

The hitboxes are terrible and dodges that *should've* worked get majorly screwed over by them. The crossbow is very clunky and unresponsive to use. Often, the crossbow fires *and* reloads after you press the firing button *once* instead of just firing off the crossbow once and never reloading. This ends up with you unfairly getting hit by the enemy.

There's also way too much animation lock between attacks in The Witcher 3. There's not much of a "rest" period between attacks where Geralt brings the sword back for another swing, he attacks instantly.

+2 to Skyrim when it comes to Reliability and Fluidity.

Variety.

Skyrim's meh combat can be offset with all the abilities the game. You are free to do whatever you want and aren't confined to a single kind of playstyle like you are in the Witcher.

"Builds" in The Witcher 3 only give you a different flavor of the only playstyle in the game: Whatever the fuck geralt is doing with his unreliable ballerina spinny-spin attacks.

You have 5 spells (each with an alternate form. Igni can turn into a flamethrower rather than a quick blast, for example), bombs, weapon oil, crossbow, light attack (with an alternate spinny-spin beyblade of blaviken attack), heavy attack (with an alternate big whack attack). That's it.

Whereas in Skyrim, you can apply poison on your swords and just use basic attacks, stunlock enemies through their shields with power attacks from your warhammer, use dual-wield daggers and just shred everything apart like a blender, interrupt enemy attacks by bashing with a mace, poison your arrows, or shoot off explosive elemental bolts from a crossbow, shove away entire crowds with your shield, etc.

Or use illusion spells to infuriate enemies into fighting each other, calm down that scary bear, scare enemies away like the badass you are.

Or incinerate enemies with flamethrowers, fireballs/firebolts, fire runes, fire auras and a gigantic firey blast that surrounds you. Light damage over time effect too.

Or chill and sap enemies stamina with a chilly breeze, icicles, frost auras, frost runes, or a blizzard.

Or shock enemies into submission and destroying all the magicka they have with static electricity, thunderbolts, shock runes, shock auras, and a freaking kamehameha death laser.

Or summon undead thralls, fire, frost, and shock daedras, daedra lords, spirit wolfs, a frost giant, a dragon, an undead dragon, like 3 varieties of blue sekeletons, a spectral horse, spiders, spirit legends from Sovngarde, a dead spirit assassin from the Oblivion days, etc.

Or apply magic armor or fire off magic light orbs.

Or cripple dragons out of the sky, shout people off cliffs, see through walls, wind-dashing through gaps in the walls, breathe fire, breath frost, freeze time and shoot many arrows through the air anime style, and many other shouts to use.

Or turn into a werewolf and chow down on whole entire cities.

Or turn into a vampire lord and suck the blood from everything you see.

Or cause the sun to explode into a bright fire-damage explosion against undead or turn the sun blood red and help the undead instead.

+1 to Skyrim.

Satisfaction. 

Skyrim's ragdolls are not very satisfying unless you are shouting people off cliffs.

The Witcher's ragdolls are the exact same way, but you don't really have the option to throw people off cliffs.

The basic sword attacks in Skyrim hardly have any effect on enemies unless you are staggering them with a bash or power attacks. You could throw fireballs into them and they wouldn't flinch until their healthbar is gone, and then they slump to the ground.

The Witcher 3's enemies are more reactive than that, they at least react to being hit with basic attacks. Spells actually effect them.

Skyrim's decapitations and killmoves are ok, but they are very jarring and very random.

The Witcher's gore makes things all the better. The camera work during TW3's executions is probably the most fluid part about it's combat, even if the executions are unreliable to pull off.

+1 to The Witcher.

Difficulty.

Skyrim's hardest difficulty is less on actual skill, but more about damage trading. So yeah. Pass.

The exact same thing can be said for The Witcher 3's Deathmarch, but The Witcher 3's combat is marginally more skill based solely because of the dodging, even though the dodging is unreliable thanks to the hitboxes.

+1 to the Witcher.

Skyrim - 3

The Witcher 3 - 2

Clear winner here is Skyrim, unless The Witcher 3 has the Enhanced Edition. 

If you know how to mod well, Enhanced Edition is a must have.
        I remember playing W3 on death march in college when I had so much more free time and patience. And anxiety that I needed to escape from, but that's beside the point. The game was pretty damn frustrating on death march now that I think about it, and considering how fast I drop open world RPGs now, I wouldn't get through W3 today, even on easier difficulties.
            Idk, I did the same thing in college and death March was the first time I tried an alchemy build and I actually had a lot of fun with it? Maybe it was just because of how broken late game alchemy abilities are lol. The beginning bit was incredibly frustrating though on that difficulty
                I went with the Heavy attack focus, that felt like a reliable but still fun way of delivering huge damage to cut down the bullet sponge enemies. And then some basic alchemy stuff and sign boosts. I had read about the alchemy builds, but they didn't connect with my fantasy of witcher combat. Cutting monsters apart with those big downward swings did haha.
            The games difficulty pacing is way off. Back when this released I was hunting achievements, so played in death march right out the gate. Playing death the entire playthrough, the first 1/3 of the game is hard, middle is normal, and the last 1/3 is brain-dead easy.
                I think that when you get to the point where you swim in money, it starts to be a game of "dodge the OHK, use the shield sign and kill the badguys". Early game you can be pretty starved for healing items, since you are broke all the time.
        Why play it then? Might as well watch youtube videos of it. Like if the gameplay isn't fun why "play" the game?
            Because you can still experience the world on your own terms, like a choose your own adventure book.
            Because combat isn’t gameplay.  It’s the thing that interrupts the gameplay with tedium.
                So what is the "gameplay" from what people are saying it's "the story" and "choices you make" but does that mean the witcher is just one of those books where you decide how it ends?
                    It is something where you decide where it ends. It has exploration.  It has world building both environmental and textual.
            onerous elastic engine weather languid prick disgusted mysterious close badge -- mass deleted all reddit content via https://redact.dev
                The Witcher 3's combat is honestly stupidly easy, even on Deathmarch. The problem is that Deathmarch makes the awful combat even more terrible by bloating everyone's health bars to boss level.
        You really have to play more games if you think Witcher combat is the worst
            Try me. I played over 789 games, varying from AAA to indie, in the past 17 years. That is the current size of my gaming library.

Witcher 3's combat is definitely one of the worst combat systems in all of AAA gaming.
        I'd put RDR2 on PC up there with abysmal combat (and UI generally) as piss poor for a AAA.
        This is hyperbole as fuck. Its just Arkham combat with swords.
    When I first played W3 a couple years ago I thought the combat system was fine and didn't understand why some people don't like it. Started a new playthrough recently and now it hit me just how bad it is. Still love the game though
    The story sucks too.  It's beyond generic humdrum with the most boring Gary Stu protagonist in RPG history.  Zero creativity at any point.  Just trope after trope after trope.
Honestly for the Witcher, it's completely OK just to play story mode and enjoy it.  It's a phenomenal game.
    Yep. Witcher 3 does many things great, but its combat (IMO don't get your knickers in a twist fanboys) is NOT one of them. I find it clunky, unresponsive and the targetting system is complete dogshit on PC.

Also, rolling around like a prick just gets old in general.  At least the game has dash and the perfect counters are badass (not to mention they're pretty much a one shot on humans on normal difficulty, as they should be imo so they usually proc the sync kill which is cool) 

Maybe I just dont like that Arkham style of combat, really didnt like the lotr game that had it either.
        I'm personally perfectly comfortable with calling TW3's combat dogshit, and it's also likely my favorite game after Skyrim (which only grabs this spot because of the endless creativity brought by mods)

The game is much more fun on lower difficulty settings, where you can use any combat style to get through enemies - which makes it stylish as fuck! You can actually afford to switch between different armor tiers as you feel - wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel. Witcher 3 has great immersion, and taking advantage of it makes the experience so much more enjoyable.

And about that little poke on Shadow of Mordor - I kinda agree the combat styleis similar, but they're different types of games. SoM has a much bigger emphasis on the beat em all style and thus makes combos and timing essential. If you don't like flashy combos, you're in trouble because the game's other elements, like story or RPG elements, aren't that great.
            I never really got that, tbh. For me it was just fine, perfectly serviceable but nothing special. I must be in the minority for that though
            My gripes with shadow of war are the same gripes as rings of power, if you're not gonna respect the lore, why fucking bother? Come up with your own fantasy world if you wanna shit all over everything is my opinion and I'm sticking to it. Ditto for the witcher show.
                I haven't seen rings of power, but this guy's making a very legitimate criticism of the Shadow of War/Mordor games. A murderhobo one man army has no place in the setting of a story about how power inevitably corrupts and the world is saved by the loyalty and innocence of the hobbits. Those games exploited the name recognition of Middle-Earth while curling out a great big steaming shit on everything Tolkien's work stood for.
                Can anyone explain why this guy is getting down voted? I'm out of the loop
                Some really great pieces of media are set in alternate versions of our world, the events of gladiator unfortunately didn't really happen. It's silly to demand that movies adhere to the strict historical facts of our world, and it's also silly to demand that a non-canon piece of media adheres to strict Canon.
                    I agree with you. As long as the piece of media is well executed, what does it matter if adheres to the lore strictly or not? 

Sadly, there are so many examples where movies/series failed to deliver and failed to to follow the source material, cough Death Note.
            > wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel

Or wearing New Moon armor for everything because it looks the coolest :D
        The combat prevented me from enjoying it for so long, and I finally grew to love it when I played on an easier difficulty to skip the tedium. W3 is about the story, and that’s where player agency is strongest. There are so many interesting questlines and different ways things can play out based on the choices you make.
        You know, I'm one of the poor souls that got to experience the Witcher 3 for the first time on the Switch... It was not what I expected at all. 

I hated the combat. I would die with f\*cking wolves, or even those water f\*ckers that lurk around the rivers. I thought that either I was bad as hell, or the switch wasn't made for running the Witcher 3 on it. I quit the game right after capturing/hunting the griffin. It really didn't work for me. I did believe the Switch's low power was the problem, but now that I read your comment I think maybe it's the game itself and you just need to get used to it. 

In any case, I bought it again for $5 last year and have yet to get a chance to play it again, but properly, with an RTX 3070.
            What difficulty were you playing at? (I'm not trying to blame you at all, and sometimes we just don't like a game. Even if a lot of others do. And that's fine.) Cause the "dying to wolves" thing was EXACTLY what I was doing when I started Deathmarch. :D It took me so long to get it. I really didn't pay attention to combat until then lol, unless it was something especially hard. So I didn't really learn it.
            Its not the worst combat ever but it locks you into these long swing animations that just beg enemies to hit you. I got bored of it pretty quick and just went full griffin mage build and burnt everyone to death while ccing them with bombs.
                The default walking controls are awful. There's an 'alternative walking mode' or something like that in the controls that, while making Geralt move more arcade-y, stops him barreling round like a dysentric torpedo
                    I think it's like alternate animations or something. Basically let's you cancel out of animations while fighting.  Makes the combat a bit more responsive.
        I'm a Witcher fan and somebody who personally finds combat decent. I usually never care about completing games on highest difficulty, yet I finished it on Deathmarch on my second playthrough.

That being said, I absolutely understand how people can dislike the combat as it is somewhat repetitive and it's a completely valid criticism. They should improve it in the next game.

Also an offtopic point: I loved combat in Horizon Zero Dawn but its characters, storytelling and writing were pretty bad IMO, so I'd always prefer games with strong characters and story.
            Never say that about HZD in one of the main gaming subreddits.

The premise is cool and so is the gameplay loop and enemies, but by God the story and character building is awful. Never played a game where the 'city' felt more dead and Ill designed than most games little villages. Whoever wrote the script and designed the 'tribes' in this game deserves a medal for managing to worm his way into such a big project.
        I'm sure I'll get downvoted but the combat and the story were unappealing to me. I finally decided to stop trying to force myself to enjoy a game I don't enjoy and move on to enjoy games that click for me faster than apparently I need to invest in Witcher games time wise.
            Why would you be downvoted for voicing an opinion? 

/s
                If only  people on reddit would understand that the downvote button isn't a disagree button.
                    I never understood it. For these people, a downvote over someone you slightly disagree with is the same as downvoting hate speech. 

You can create a scale with the voting system, upvotes things you like or want to encourage, don't vote on things you don't agree with or don't care about and downvote the stuff you actively want off of the site. It's pretty fucking easy and takes zero brain cells to put into action, but I'll get downvoted for this inevitably out of spite.
        I like the combat in Arkham/Shadow of Mordor and still think combat is the worst part of Witcher 3. If the combat was more fun (or just not required/handled totally differently?) I probably would have finished it, but at this point it's stuck forever in my "maybe I'll go back to it someday" pile.
        Maybe I'm just getting old but I also find the combat system really hard to remember. It doesn't help that the spells have obscure names rather than just, you know, what they do.
        Yeah, it sucks. Maybe it was "ok" for its time, but it's a glorified left click sim in which you're rewarded for using the right oil before the fight.

Still a great game, but not worth playing on any difficulty above normal.
        i believe rolling should be abolished in all games. The witcher 3's combat design is absolutely horrendous and rushed imo. People forget that CDPR was rushing at the end of production. There was no love there just like cyberpunk but they managed somehow to skirt that perception with the witcher.
        The combat is fucking stupid because it's meta perfect. The story author "knows Jack about swordfighting".  Geralt and Vesi have no idea how to use crossbows or grenades either.
            [deleted]
                Well if you're a monster used to dealing with swords and armor some lunatic throwing grenades is going to catch you by surprise.  

"That was then.  This is now."
            Meta perfect?
        Arkham's style is button mashing with environment interaction. It's nothing like Witcher 3 combat. 

Witcher 3 has i-frames, counters, block, parry, sidestep, dashes, timing, AI changes (enraged, packs) etc. It's quite literally a dance when you get into the rhythm.
    Thats what Im currently doing. Usually I play games at the highest difficulty. But playing W3 at the second easiest (not sure what that is called) difficulty and its so much fun. I just finished stuff in Novigrad and man, some moments are emotional and hard hitting.
        You still have tons of amazing moments to experience and I'm so jealous, I wish I could erase my memories and play it for the first time again.
    

>it's completely OK just to play story mode and enjoy it.

This is true for literally every game. Play the game how you like so you get your enjoyment out of it.
Just curious why did you opt to play on the hardest difficulty for a first playthrough? For me, I'll usually finish my first playthrough in any game on whatever is engaging, easy or medium usually and then once I've mastered the mechanics I'll jump up to hard.

Also a lot of games lose a lot on hard difficulty, usually a sign of a weak combat system that doesn't scale very well, and the Witcher 3 absolutely has a weak combat system. 

But considering you're not taken in by any of the stories yet, maybe the game just isn't for you.
    I've had the same question reading this thread. I don't understand why OP (and so many others) pick the hardest difficulty on their first playthrough of anything. It's an odd mentality. 

If I see a "Normal" difficulty setting, I assume the developer called it that because that's the way the game is normally meant to be played, and every difficulty higher than that is for after the first playthrough.
        When you have all the way to hundreds of games with varying length awaiting their turn in your backlog, you really can't afford to do a second playthrough of games, so might as well do it on overdrive the first time through.
            Counterpoint, if you have a backlog 100s strong, why spend more time on a game struggling through the highest difficulty when you could play it through on Normal and get to your other games quicker?
        Harder difficulty tends to feel how the game is designed. Games not fun when you can mow down enemies. I prefer it when the enemies have me on the ropes.
            I agree, but it seems like whatever "Normal" difficulty is, that should be the most balanced way to play. If it's too easy and not the way the game was intended to be played, then it doesn't make sense for the developers to call it "Normal."

The hardest difficulty should be for veterans who want more challenge than balance. Which should make it no surprise that it's not going to be as fun for a first playthrough, when the mechanics are still unfamiliar.
                I usually have a method.

If the game has three difficulty settings. I put on hard, which is the third one. As that's the way it's meant to be played.

If the game has four or five difficulty settings, I will put it on the second hardest one, because that many settings usually has the hardest one as excessively difficult.
        Some people play on the highest difficulty because they feel they'll get respect/credit/awesome points for beating a game at that level.
I had the same issue in Cyberpunk. Then I lowered the difficulty and while it's much much easier and I'm practically a god from the start I was able to sit back and relax and play the game how I wanted to. Same with The Witcher come to think of it
Also stop worrying so much about the **?** signs.
I second the lower difficulty and just toss yourself into the story and witcher contracts. Don't try to be completionist. But the main quest and Witcher stuff, when appropriately leveled, is worth it. Don't go back for stuff you've surpassed in the journal unless you're just loving the game. The countless question marks and other stuff is there if you want it or need coin to afford specific upgrades you want. But if you're able to progress the main quests and you're enjoying your build then it's not worth it to get bogged down. The character wants to find his daughter, play with that idea in mind and the game will deal with the rhythm itself. 


I would add to this logic that you still haven't hit the point in the game where the RPG system really kicks in and makes a huge difference. The adrenaline system really makes the whole thing work but you don't start getting those perks until around where you are at the earliest. That feature will determine things like how crazy your potions are or whether you get a free death-avoid in combat, for instance. Things that really specify the playstyle you choose are coming down the pipe, as well as the purchaseable item to respec at will. 


I've beaten the game once but had a number of false start second playthroughs on higher difficulties. I'm playing on an easier setting now and loving it. The game has terribly balanced difficulty. It feels like there's no middle ground between an arcade-y experience or one where you have to painstakingly prepare for every fight and avoid all mistakes. Given those options I think a story-centric option makes sense for a first playthrough.
    Hey late reply but which difficulty are you currently playing on?
Don't focus on the open world part. Just go from main quest to side quest. 

Open world exists so that the story feels alive. Get the story rolling on an easier difficulty. It's a great story. And the Game really gets much much better once you get to novigrad.
It won't.  There's a fundamental disconnect here.  Some people just don't care about gameplay, those people have a high chance of liking TW3.  Some people do care about gameplay, those people have a high chance of disliking TW3.  

Play Elden Ring instead.
    I made the mistake of trying to do the Witcher after playing dark souls. I couldn't do it...
    My husband hated W3 combat. He plays online games mostly and rarely plays single player games until I recommend him something many times. He loved the game and even finished it.
    I care about gameplay and love Witcher 3. I thought Elden Ring was mediocre however.
I was similar to you either this one. Had several attempts but the burn out was real. The last time I played it through my goal was to hit the story fairly quickly with minimal side quests. Unless they were particularly cool like go kill a dragon or somewhat related to the story. Ended up at about 120 hours on a bare bones play through. Easiest difficulty so no worries for oils and all the extra RPG crap. I think you gotta enjoy the setting as well though. Usually I like Sci Fi style games so this was a very different game for me. Loved it at the end
To and on the above comment, you just played the part (the swamp/bog) where the entire point of the story is to feel despair, 4 times in a row. The game becomes more fun from that point, but also it's probably not the game for you
[deleted]
    How much better does it get after Novigrad?

I’ve lowered the difficulty and am basically just following the main quest at this point. I’m enjoying it more but I can’t say I’m “loving it”. The presentation is fantastic and the dialogue is great though.
        [deleted]
            I think that's a good way to put it, TW3's open world elements really are predictable and repetitive. I mean you can simply ignore them, but at that point, why even bother if you're not going to engage with the game's mechanics.
I'm at playthrough attempt #4, been playing around 32h and finally heading for Skellige. The trick for me was exactly that. I play on easy, doing quests that only interests me like scavenging and hunting stuff for school uniforms, I mean armor, and quests with interesting story behind them. I like the easy mode because I can progress the main story at any time I want, and overpowered enemies still one hit, so there is a small fear of seeing op enemy.  


Switch to easy and do exactly what you want in the game.
Nope it's pretty much a story about a guy who gets dragged around like a dog on a chain by everyone, it fits well with the protagonists personality.
> I find they were really built with them in mind

This is key: if a game's tuned for hard that mode will shine, if it's not that mode will feel like a slog.  It's usually apparent by a few hours in if not sooner.
Yes, on a lower difficulty you really don't need most of that stuff. A couple of the signs are useful but you can just buy potions and ignore oils.
    Thanks for the tips! Appreciate it
I literally just used the shield sign and light attack 90% of the time
Depends, I'd say that difficulty in most video games can easily be more tedious for a lot of people, especially in an RPG where the only difference is going to be more numbers = more time spent on it.
    I've never played a game where increasing difficulty did anything more than just stat bloat mobbs by doubling their health and giving them a small damage boost. Just hitting something 3 more times than before isn't  "difficulty" to me if the ai is exactly the same.
        I feel like increasing the difficulty in The Last of Us is perfect, it makes it so that your resources are more limited, and you have to be more strategic.
            Increasing the difficulty in doom eternal made it so that more demons could attack you at the same time
Yup, witcher always had bad difficulty scaling. It starts off very hard and becomes very easy very quickly.

Playing it on Easy would honestly make OP quit the game even faster. Terrible advice.
They downvote you, but you're completely right.

 Difficulty has nothing to do with why OP finds the game tedious and boring, as you've said, Death March is only hard at the beginning and gets very easy very quickly.
Yeah, seriously
I did the same, same reasoning, but unfortunately I then ended up more like OP.

Interesting I did enjoy and complete CP2077 so I might need to give TW3 another go.
Exactly my experience. The slavic chanting, the last second dodging from a devastating ghoul slash, so good
I think the issue is more that Death March does make the game a bit more tedious, since you need to setup before encounters, and OP’s issue seems to stem from the game not respecting their time (while they’re playing on the difficulty that specifically drags the game out).
    Okay this is interesting, because I love how Death March requires us to use every mechanic, and I’m not sure if playing on lower difficulty would mean I simply never use oils ever, or whenever I do then I’m so OP it’s not fun.

What are your thoughts?

EDIT:
Lol I’m getting downvoted for asking about someone’s opinion.
        So, I beat Witcher 3 just before Blood and Wine came out. I didn’t do it on Death March, I did it on whatever “Normal” is called. My experience with the combat was this:

-	Potions and oils are nice, but not required (unless they are specifically required to hit a monster that can’t be hit in any other way)
-	Signs are nice, but not required
-	I actually beat the game without using the shield sign (except when it was required) because I didn’t realize how OP it was

So you can definitely beat the game with “the true Witcher experience” of prepping for every encounter, as far as I know. Things might be different in Blood and Wine, but I haven’t played it, so I don’t know about that (I’ve been thinking of doing another playthrough with the Witcher 3 Enhanced Edition mod that overhauls the gameplay completely for some time now).
Eh, combat in the Witcher games has always been a low point, in my opinion. Playing on harder difficulty levels just drags out an already lacklustre part of an extremely long game..
Agreed, I also started on Death March, and once you get past the tutorial area and get some gear, the game becomes insanely easy. Genuinely don't understand why everyone calls it difficult.
    Maybe people who find it difficult haven’t discovered how broken dodge is? And Quen for that matter.
        Yup, I like this subreddit but for some reason they mass downvote anyone who dares to say that Death March isn't as hard as it sounds..
            Possibly because it tends to be a response to people saying it's hard?

You have people saying "maybe you shouldn't play it on the hardest difficulty", then others responding "but it's not hard though"... it's just... pointless?

Yeah, maybe it's not hard for you, but for someone else it might be. It's obviously harder than easier difficulties.
                It’s surprisingly divisive. A lot of games it’s more of kind of a 🤷‍♂️ to what difficulty to play on. With Witcher 3 though I feel like Deathmarch is the only way the game should be played. Upping from normal really added a lot more engagement to everything for me
So do I. I finish most games I start but clearly OP is beyond that point with this game. Sometimes it is just not for you.
Shame that the guy will stop torturing himself over a game? Man, you are nuts. The guy has played 40 (FORTY!!) hours of this game already throughout multiple attempts. He doesn't need to hear from me for the 300th time circlejerk about how great of a game it is. He's heard it enough times already that he's forcing it upon himself and is in evaluating life choices territory now. People go through these feelings before they quit a long time job or drop out of college on the third year, not over a game.  

If there is an iota of him that happens to remotely like this game, then op would have found that within himself ten times over by now. Not to mention, OP specifically says he is on death march for this particular run as an attempt to find joy in the game. It is not a random mistake on his part.
    No, I said it was a shame he did not take advice to just lower the difficulty. He’s been torturing himself to 1) play the game and 2) play it on death march. Only one of those is a mistake for a first run and if you’re having trouble getting to where the story starts to branch and get really good. We all know the combat is weak, and he has made that the most time-consuming part of the game for him. He complains of having to do the same thing over and over, but doesn’t see that he would have some flexibility to find a play style within the combat system on a lower difficulty. 

I play Destiny 2 so I am not exactly some stranger to difficult choices about games and time spent etc. I am a try hard and I did Witcher 3 on Blood and Broken Bones and it was perfect. I am not nuts at all - I wish the guy had taken the advice of the many many people saying ‘wrong difficulty bro, that’s causing all that stuff you’re complaining about’ instead of one person or a few people who just said ‘forget about it, you obviously don’t like it!’ I wouldn’t like it on Death March either for my first try. The fact he’s ‘doing it deliberately on that setting’ is…irrelevant if it’s the wrong setting for a first play through. 

‘I made the game so hard it has to be played in a boring way and I don’t like it because it’s too slow and hard!’ That’s what I read and I was delighted to see so many people giving the right advice: just turn down the difficulty. Those people were speaking to OP’s desire to play the game and find what is so great about it. I will always prefer to have someone listen to an encouraging voice than one that says ‘just give up bro’. 

I can well recall spending 250 hours in this game and not thinking the first 50 were particularly special. I didn’t know what a gem I was playing until I was done in Velen. 40 hours or not, this guy has not really given the game a feasible chance to be enjoyed. Turn the difficulty down, get the story going, get the good side quests going. He wants to enjoy himself and asked us for advice and I see a lot more people saying turn the difficulty down than ‘just quit bro you obviously don’t like it’. He genuinely doesn’t know that yet, it is a slow burn massive RPG. 

I didn’t watch Gladiator until I was almost 30 because I found the first hour slow, before the plot is established. Would you tell me to stop watching the movie at that point? No. So OF COURSE stop doing something making you miserable: that something is not playing Witcher 3! It’s playing Witcher 3 on Death March for a first attempt when it’s not even a type of game you like! That’s not a way to give the game an actual chance. If he’s just found out Ciri went to Novigrad, he hasn’t experienced ANY of the content the game is so loved for. So advice to stop playing when the difficulty is the problem is bad advice.
        OP has already tried the game on a lesser difficulty, so most of what you are saying does not even apply. Did you even read the post? What more must he do to satisfy your quotas? 40 hours may be a relatively short time for some other longer playtime or evergreen game like an mmo but for the witcher it is more than enough. Even in a thousand hour game, no game goes from zoning out to think about life choices level of bad to being a great game. Maybe it goes from meh to decent. So I will tell people to quit most of the time if they are truly miserable. Maybe some people can read games better than you and don't need 50 hours. The guy is saying he is actively questioning his life choices for god's sake. What is there to gain from forcing a game on yourself?  

For the sake of argument, the difficulty doesn't even change much in this game. If it did, and he was actually randomly starting on hardest for his first playthrough, I'd have absolutely told him. It is not some deep game that dawns on your mind over a long period of time. It is a game with a lot of effort and care and value put into it, but in the end it is still another simple open world rpg. Even if it is the GOAT in that genre, op has specifically mentioned not liking that style of game. Just because you have limited perspective on games and are lost in circlejerk, it does not mean the game is not objectively weak and limited in certain aspects. The guy listed them in a tangible way. He was not able to look past them like you and I did. If you want to motivate him to play, tell him his issues can be circumvented or that it gets better in time (don't forget the why and how!) instead of this cultist level blind praise with no substance and focusing on abstracts like things revealing their true nature after unspecified amounts of time.  

Just because a game or movie has wide critical acclaim does not mean everyone needs to enjoy it otherwise they don't "get" it. In fact, I am finding the opposite to be true these days. In the end OP is free to choose as he desires. If he wants to go with the "a lot more people" because they are numerous about a game he started to play and not enjoy because he listened to the numbers in the first place, he can do so and give it another 40 hours. I am just trying to help the guy as someone who has played, enjoyed and recommended this game to other people.
I think the boss monsters in regular difficulty should've had their difficulty way higher than it was, especially since damage sponge Drowners on the higher difficulties aren't actually much fun compared to a really hard Wyvern fight.
I played the game before reading the books and watching the series, still absolutely loved it. I *am* very annoyed with myself for choosing Triss over Yennefer, I never could understand why she was being such a bitch. NOW I KNOW!!!

Currently replaying and going to fix all my mistakes.
[deleted]
    Not sure why I was downvoted so much, but yes the side content really shines
Yeah from what I understand they ran out of time and the 3rd act (after kaer morhen) is way shorter than planned
I agree, found myself just rushing to finish at a certain point because I'd already invested the time. Didn't visit the dlc
    Oh no, you missed out, both DLCs have far better main quests than the base game :(
    I did exactly the same. I was so close to the end and then just rushed to the end. Bad mistake. I came back years later and did the DLC... Omg I missed out. 

The main quest is whatever, the real gems are the side quests and the dlc. And fortunately if you jump back into the game and don't have your save file you can skip to lvl 30 if you just want to experience the dlc.
    Ah man you gotta play the DLC, Heart of Stone is great
If The Witcher 3 has bad gameplay in your opinion, which games do you like? I would love to try anything better, but I am suffering from the post-W3-syndrome: every game I try after finishing TW3 feels so much worse, that I find it hard to invest time into it.
    Elden Ring, has much better gsmeplay than TW3 IMO
        I have seen a few gameplay videos, but the game looked like there is no content beyond going forward and swinging your sword. May try it though when it's on sale.
            That is definitely not how I would describe the game. The combat is far better and more varied than TW3, and the world has more variety and dungeons and things to do.
            It's really hard to make sense of what people in the gaming community mean when they use words. I have heard from many people that Elden Ring has no content or that the world is empty. I have also heard from many people that Witcher 3 is boring. Elden Ring has tons of content but it does not come as quests, characters and stories. Of those Elden Ring barely has any. If you want a game with an epic quest where you meet many interesting characters, ER is not it. ER has amazing combat, build variety and level design though and some of the best exploration ever. W3 has none of these last things which is why people might consider it boring but W3 has the amazing storylines.
            You think a Dark Souls game is nothing but swing your sword? What rock have you been living under that you don't understand Dark Soul games you have to learn the pattern of the enemies and the move set of your weapon with limited healing? 

It is literally one of the best games ever made lol. The game is based around combat. If you go fight something and you are under leveled you will probably die. BUT! The great thing is that if you learn the pattern to the enemy and the timing you need with your weapon you can still beat them. 

And the great news is that enemies you thought were difficult before start to become easier as you level up and getting better upgrades for your weapons, more health, more stamina, and better armor. 

The best thing about Elden Ring is that it is much easier and more forgiving in the overall design compared to older titles.
    Try these:

*Divinity Original Sin 2

*Disco Elysium

*Pillars of Eternity Deadfire

Yes these are CRPGs but they have deep lore and fantastic characters/writing, same as the Witcher does. I'd recommend Dragon Age and Mass Effect series but I assume you played those.
        *me when I see Pillars of Eternity II mentioned*

Ekera!
            Haha, I'm 99 hours in and honestly this is the most common word in Deadfire.
Auto-loot (set to 1 metre or so) and 9999 carry weight capacity vastly improved my experience with the game. I liked it before but it was becoming tedious to pay so much attention to looting and then be punished by the small inventory size.

I used a mod to auto-apply oils so I needn't bother with the micromanagement. You wrote you dislike the travel times so 'Fast Travel from Anywhere' might be for you. I personally found that I much more enjoyed travelling the world as intended instead, since I quickly turned the game into a constant mess of just teleporting everywhere and it really killed the mood for me, so I got rid of that mod quickly, and you can also soft-lock your game if you fast travel out of quest areas when the game intended to trigger an event on the way out. For example you might be deep in a cave, kill the boss monster, and then teleport out. But by default you cannot teleport from within the cave and have to walk out, which triggers a dialogue with an npc for example.

I also used Ultra Gore 2 set to sometimes dismember because it felt much more superhuman witcher to me.

Whatever you decide for I recommend trying out The Witcher 3 HD Reworked Project.
    >Auto-loot (set to 1 metre or so) and 9999 carry weight capacity vastly improved my experience with the game.


This. Absolutely this. Same here. Those mods absolutely changed my feelings about playing Witcher. I've used similar mods in Skyrim and New Vegas for the same effect.


It's amazing once you use them, you realize how much time you spend in these games just picking up stuff and managing your encumbrance in your inventory. Picking flowers and stuff in these games is tiring. Or just the time you spend looking around every room for any lootable containers. Autoloot lets me just focus on the story and quest without worrying about checking the 10 sacks in the corner.
That's how I am with Soulsborne games. I played thru 75% of Dark Souls 1 a decade ago before the genre became insanely popular, so I can say I've experienced it--I understand the appeal and I enjoy the world building and lore--but good grief I loathe the miserable gameplay. I feel like I'm missing out but...it's just not for me.

A few years ago I put 15 hours into Ashen thinking maybe I'd like it better since the art style appealed to me more. NOPE lol. Watching other people play Elden Ring is much better than the stress of playing it myself.
You wrote:

>I don’t even understand what I actually enjoy.

but in the OP:

>I'm not a big fan of massive open world games

\--

I think you're setting yourself up for failure by playing this game as an open-world RPG when you already know you don't like open-world games and you're also burned out on RPGs.

Set it to easy or medium difficulty, follow the main quest only for a while and treat it like an interactive movie. If you end up having fun, keep going. If you don't, stop playing and move on with your life. Plenty of other games out there and there's no harm in missing a few here or there, especially given that you already gave it multiple tries.

If anything, you can always look up a 15-30 minute youtube story summary if you care about the story but not the game itself.
This guy seriously tried four separate times playing a game he doesn't even like. I don't get it.
Yes, it's dumb.
A lot of people recommend it even for a first playthrough. But yeah looking back it is dumb.
    Where are these recommendations coming from? I’ve never heard people suggesting you play it on the hardest difficulty, it’s very much a story based experience with okay combat and cool monsters and situations.
        If you search “What difficulty should I play Witcher 3 on?” on google you get a lot of  Reddit threads, though mostly from Witcher related ones, overwhelmingly recommending DM. Though interestingly someone did a poll and most polled that they played on “Story and Sword”.
    It's not your fault OP, these guys are overreacting. I'm really surprised that someone recommended that to you.
        Yes it is, if a lot of people recommend you to smoke meth would you think it's a great idea?
            comparing meth to one of the most highly regarded games of all time is a dumb comparison.

I mean i'd recommend for people to play on deathmarch because you have to learn the systems and its not like the combat is difficult at all, but if you dont like it obviously dont play on it lol
Oh yeah I recognize your nickname! It's a wonderful mod that's brought many a lot of fun. You should be very proud. 

I have set Witcher 3 aside for now, but I'll check it out when i start playing again.

Thanks again for all your hard work. It made a great game into something superb.
Have ADHD and played through the whole Yakuza Series that is on PC and currently am playing Lost Judgement.

Though 0 to me still is the best one.
ADHD here too. Are you on meds? Honestly I could probably not finish an open world game without the chemical help.
There was a review on a season of something where a writer for the show said something like, "If you didn't enjoy season 1, you will 2"

Like, bitch, what makes you think I finished season 1?
Agreed about the combat. I had it on Very Hard from the start and never had a single encounter that felt dangerous. The [HARDCORE22 mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/1908) is making Cyberpunk combat a lot more fun for me on my second playthrough.
Yeah this game came out in 2015 not 2005. I realize time waits for no-one and that is 7 years ago now but that period of rapid evolution and refinement in gaming ended in the 2010s.
I'll probably like it based on the description I hear but just don't have the time yet to play it. I hear it is a commitment to play. I can only spend small time per sitting at the moment.
I would say that the Witcher 3 is not a story-driven game but a stories-driven game. Almost every ? On the map has an interesting or amusing story to go along with it. Dozens of unconnected or mildly connected things that happened in a land where it's easy to go unnoticed. That's the real appeal of the game in my opinion. If that pitch does not do it for you then it's just going to be dots on a screen moving around.

The Witcher 3 is not a game you win. It's a game you experience.
Really, hmm interesting, maybe I discounted it too soon then
Especially for open world RPGs. A lot of games lock the hardest difficulty until you've beaten the story, and with good reason. Leave it as a reward for people who enjoy the already grindy game so much they want it to be **more** of a grind.
    Good point, that is probably a good solution.
    I really dislike that solution. Eaxh game requires "a very particular set of skills", and you KNOW what those skills are, most of the time.

I've been greeted with games I found too easy and had no way of cranking them up, which made for a subpar experience.

Options should not be locked.
        As someone has already mentioned though, there are far more people who pick up the game, crank it to the highest difficulty, don't have fun, then dismiss the game.  

Especially so for a game like Witcher 3 in which increasing the difficulty doesnt change the game's mechanics, it just essentially makes battles last longer and makes you have to respawn and repeat content more often.
            Yes, I understand, that, but... "Know thyself", you know?

The difficulty most people will have fun with should be just definitely ENCOURAGED, but not capped to it.

But I believe we agree on a few things:

- What the difficulty options do should be VERY clear (ai difficulty, scaling on health, number of monsters, loot, etc).

- The "intended way" should be very emphasised by the devs (as many games do NOW, but didn't do before).

- Pure scaling is almost always a shitty difficulty. I started skyrim on the hardest mode and it was EGREGIOUS. Just... 4x life for everyone.
            Some Games that i have played recently  Like Last of us, Maxpayne 3, Manhunt, The warriers,  RDR1, Ghost of Tshusmia are really the best  on the hardest differculty while games like Witcher 3 and skyrim Which do not have the best combat are best on normal or even easy. They focus more on their open world and quests.  Of course Witcher 3 does jave flaws in terms of how reactive and interactive the world is.
    I beat Witcher 3 on the easiest 3 times. On my fourth play through I played it on deathmarch.

It’s just as easy as easy but only if I play it a specific way that makes me OP. (Fleet footed plus quen alchemy build)
I only did it for the achievement.
    Aren't all RPGs open world? I can't think of one that it isn't, starting from Ultima and the 8/16 bit JRPGs.
        Text based RPGs, tabletop RPGs, dungeon crawlers etc...
            Text based are super-ultra niche (if they still exist), so are dungeon crawlers.

Tabletops are not even videogames (also, I never played one but I had the impression that they too were open world, isn't D'n'D open world?)

On a side note, the games depicted in "Mazes and Monsters"and "Dark Dungeons", surely seem open world. :)
Totally agree. I don't understand why so many people seem to love turning games into work. I already have work for that.
    [deleted]
In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight. This is how the highest difficulty options should behave, make you interested in the lore of the game and you get a reward out of it.

If you can pick whatever you want to do, and have guaranteed success, then its not a difficulty option.
    God I wish I could pick a monster difficulty and a other stuff difficulty.

I adore having to prepare for a really hard question mark level monster what I have read up on and got the stuff for.

But I don’t want the fucking wolves to be more than a couple hits because I just defeated a fucking dragon, they couldn’t even touch me.
        I like that idea, sort of like Total War's recent split between "campaign" and "battle" difficulty
    > In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight.

This is how a salesman looks at W3 combat, because this is how it was designed and marketed

How a high-diff player looks at W3 is: Quen
        Yeah, well put. Unfortunately playing the highest difficulty nearly always boils down to "find the OP thing and abuse it" or "grind until your eyeballs bleed." The amount of viable builds that you have available is often very limited.
            Basically Aerondight+Quen and/or abusing the everloving bejeezus out of toxicity builds, LOL.

>I suspect that games would produce more total enjoyment and less frustration in the world if they would simply not have a super-hard mode that requires a ton of tryharding. For every person who genuinely enjoys that, I think there's five people such as OP who select that mode and then get frustrated.

Those people will have to learn that they should lower the difficulty if it gets too frustrating.

 I however, find RPGs (except From Software ones) extremely hard to get into, no matter the difficulty, they're too dispersive, worse than open world games.
I usually go with the setting that is intended by devs, on newer games they often tell you in a caption what setting they intended. I remember seeing one that had hard as the intended mode so I went with that over normal. I like games that let you change mid game. If I feel like I'm cruising I'll up the difficulty later.
    Yeah, I always like when the game says what mode is intended.
Agreed, even though I do really enjoy fromsoft games I will deff look stuff up if it keeps my progress going. I don't have the time to slam my head in getting nowhere. I also really enjoy roguelikes/lites (tbh idk what the difference is) but certain ones I really struggle with because of not progressing. Hades always had a sense of progress. FTL absolutely crushes my will to play
I won't lie, fromsoft games are definitely not for everyone. For me the muscle memory on those comes back very quickly after taking a break. I am also not gonna lie, I never thought I would enjoy fromsoft games since usually I agree that I don't like difficulty for the sake of it. The souls bug just hit me and never let go
Yeah the combat is definitely not the strongest part of this game. Try to focus instead on other aspects- the fantastic main story, lore, and world.
Idk about deathmarch but I think I played it one setting lower(blood and broken bones?). I quite liked it, though it was dragging on towards the end.

And I’d really highly advise against checking out each question mark. Think of them as diversions when you’re on the way to doing something for a side quest. This applies double for Skellige.

Also, if at some point it seems that your level isn’t increasing no matter what you do, that’s the game’s way of telling you that you need to do the main story now.

I had the most fun looking for better gear(Witcher gear especially) and reading about the monsters personally. And for some odd reason I actually liked the combat. But then again I have poor taste in combat systems, so…
This, and truly trying to enjoy being a Witcher. If you can, try actually Role-playing a bit. You pretty nailed the gameplay loop in the OP but those are just core mechanics.

Much of the enjoyment the initial praise is from is bring on a lower difficulty so you can explore more, spending time reading bulletins and talking to NPCS, focusing on romance quests, and over all trying to appreciate the Detective Noir that truly is at the center of the game.

Sometimes quests are kinda boring, sometimes though you actually get caught up in the mystery you're supposed to solve and Idk I personally enjoyed listening to Geralt mutter to himself like an old detective.

All of that said, I'm also struggling to get back into playing it, so you're not wrong either.
A game being accessable to everyone means you aren't motivated to play? Not trying to be shitty but that sounds pretty elitist to me.

I think games being accessable is a good thing. Difficulty should be scalable to a players skill. Gaming enjoyment to me is not dependent on whether or not I'm more skilled than other people. RPGs specifically are meant to be an immersive world where a player can enjoy the story
    I was just commenting on the mantra of difficulty and what it means to me personally. 
I still enjoy chill stuff like music games, platformers, storybased stuff etc. 

Accessibility is cool, but i also love a singular experience like a Souls game.
Witcher 3 has one of the worst combat systems in AAA gaming as far as I'm concerned.


Take it down from Deathmarch to Just the Story, OP. 

Witcher 3 is played for the interesting side quests, not the awful gameplay it has.
    I disagree. It's not top tier, but it's enjoyable. 

Just curious, what do you think of Elder Scrolls combat?
        The biggest problem with this misconception about the combat is that they made it look too good on a superficial level. They see the trailer and gameplay videos and expect it to be dark souls-esque hitbox porn, when in reality it’s just jazzed up RPG combat. If that’s your expectation, then the Witcher is simply not that type of game and never has been.
  
From my own perspective, coming from W1 and games like KotoR or Dragon age, I think the W3 combat is terrific for what it is. I wonder what they would think if it had isometric turn based combat, or just real time point and click.
            In no way, shape or form does The Witcher 3 combat look even remotely close to Dark Souls.

The combat itself is a bit simple, it's the elements around it that might elevate it, but those involve going into menus, pick potions, bombs, apply oils, and all that is a slog because there's a looot of fighting while roaming around the infinite question marks.
        Skyrim's combat is bland, but not outright garbage like The Witcher 3's combat.

Reliability, Variety, Fluidity, Difficulty and Satisfaction are core to a solid combat system.

Skyrim's combat is boring, but very reliable. 

In Skyrim, you can always count on your sword or your spell hitting the enemy, whereas in The Witcher 3, Geralt's attacks change depending on distance away from enemies, and some of the attacks that he uses depending on distance aren't reliable at the chosen distance at all, which makes even the most basic attacks ridiculously annoying and unreliable to use. (Looking at you stupid thrust attack)

The hitboxes are terrible and dodges that *should've* worked get majorly screwed over by them. The crossbow is very clunky and unresponsive to use. Often, the crossbow fires *and* reloads after you press the firing button *once* instead of just firing off the crossbow once and never reloading. This ends up with you unfairly getting hit by the enemy.

There's also way too much animation lock between attacks in The Witcher 3. There's not much of a "rest" period between attacks where Geralt brings the sword back for another swing, he attacks instantly.

+2 to Skyrim when it comes to Reliability and Fluidity.

Variety.

Skyrim's meh combat can be offset with all the abilities the game. You are free to do whatever you want and aren't confined to a single kind of playstyle like you are in the Witcher.

"Builds" in The Witcher 3 only give you a different flavor of the only playstyle in the game: Whatever the fuck geralt is doing with his unreliable ballerina spinny-spin attacks.

You have 5 spells (each with an alternate form. Igni can turn into a flamethrower rather than a quick blast, for example), bombs, weapon oil, crossbow, light attack (with an alternate spinny-spin beyblade of blaviken attack), heavy attack (with an alternate big whack attack). That's it.

Whereas in Skyrim, you can apply poison on your swords and just use basic attacks, stunlock enemies through their shields with power attacks from your warhammer, use dual-wield daggers and just shred everything apart like a blender, interrupt enemy attacks by bashing with a mace, poison your arrows, or shoot off explosive elemental bolts from a crossbow, shove away entire crowds with your shield, etc.

Or use illusion spells to infuriate enemies into fighting each other, calm down that scary bear, scare enemies away like the badass you are.

Or incinerate enemies with flamethrowers, fireballs/firebolts, fire runes, fire auras and a gigantic firey blast that surrounds you. Light damage over time effect too.

Or chill and sap enemies stamina with a chilly breeze, icicles, frost auras, frost runes, or a blizzard.

Or shock enemies into submission and destroying all the magicka they have with static electricity, thunderbolts, shock runes, shock auras, and a freaking kamehameha death laser.

Or summon undead thralls, fire, frost, and shock daedras, daedra lords, spirit wolfs, a frost giant, a dragon, an undead dragon, like 3 varieties of blue sekeletons, a spectral horse, spiders, spirit legends from Sovngarde, a dead spirit assassin from the Oblivion days, etc.

Or apply magic armor or fire off magic light orbs.

Or cripple dragons out of the sky, shout people off cliffs, see through walls, wind-dashing through gaps in the walls, breathe fire, breath frost, freeze time and shoot many arrows through the air anime style, and many other shouts to use.

Or turn into a werewolf and chow down on whole entire cities.

Or turn into a vampire lord and suck the blood from everything you see.

Or cause the sun to explode into a bright fire-damage explosion against undead or turn the sun blood red and help the undead instead.

+1 to Skyrim.

Satisfaction. 

Skyrim's ragdolls are not very satisfying unless you are shouting people off cliffs.

The Witcher's ragdolls are the exact same way, but you don't really have the option to throw people off cliffs.

The basic sword attacks in Skyrim hardly have any effect on enemies unless you are staggering them with a bash or power attacks. You could throw fireballs into them and they wouldn't flinch until their healthbar is gone, and then they slump to the ground.

The Witcher 3's enemies are more reactive than that, they at least react to being hit with basic attacks. Spells actually effect them.

Skyrim's decapitations and killmoves are ok, but they are very jarring and very random.

The Witcher's gore makes things all the better. The camera work during TW3's executions is probably the most fluid part about it's combat, even if the executions are unreliable to pull off.

+1 to The Witcher.

Difficulty.

Skyrim's hardest difficulty is less on actual skill, but more about damage trading. So yeah. Pass.

The exact same thing can be said for The Witcher 3's Deathmarch, but The Witcher 3's combat is marginally more skill based solely because of the dodging, even though the dodging is unreliable thanks to the hitboxes.

+1 to the Witcher.

Skyrim - 3

The Witcher 3 - 2

Clear winner here is Skyrim, unless The Witcher 3 has the Enhanced Edition. 

If you know how to mod well, Enhanced Edition is a must have.
    I remember playing W3 on death march in college when I had so much more free time and patience. And anxiety that I needed to escape from, but that's beside the point. The game was pretty damn frustrating on death march now that I think about it, and considering how fast I drop open world RPGs now, I wouldn't get through W3 today, even on easier difficulties.
        Idk, I did the same thing in college and death March was the first time I tried an alchemy build and I actually had a lot of fun with it? Maybe it was just because of how broken late game alchemy abilities are lol. The beginning bit was incredibly frustrating though on that difficulty
            I went with the Heavy attack focus, that felt like a reliable but still fun way of delivering huge damage to cut down the bullet sponge enemies. And then some basic alchemy stuff and sign boosts. I had read about the alchemy builds, but they didn't connect with my fantasy of witcher combat. Cutting monsters apart with those big downward swings did haha.
        The games difficulty pacing is way off. Back when this released I was hunting achievements, so played in death march right out the gate. Playing death the entire playthrough, the first 1/3 of the game is hard, middle is normal, and the last 1/3 is brain-dead easy.
            I think that when you get to the point where you swim in money, it starts to be a game of "dodge the OHK, use the shield sign and kill the badguys". Early game you can be pretty starved for healing items, since you are broke all the time.
    Why play it then? Might as well watch youtube videos of it. Like if the gameplay isn't fun why "play" the game?
        Because you can still experience the world on your own terms, like a choose your own adventure book.
        Because combat isn’t gameplay.  It’s the thing that interrupts the gameplay with tedium.
            So what is the "gameplay" from what people are saying it's "the story" and "choices you make" but does that mean the witcher is just one of those books where you decide how it ends?
                It is something where you decide where it ends. It has exploration.  It has world building both environmental and textual.
        onerous elastic engine weather languid prick disgusted mysterious close badge -- mass deleted all reddit content via https://redact.dev
            The Witcher 3's combat is honestly stupidly easy, even on Deathmarch. The problem is that Deathmarch makes the awful combat even more terrible by bloating everyone's health bars to boss level.
    You really have to play more games if you think Witcher combat is the worst
        Try me. I played over 789 games, varying from AAA to indie, in the past 17 years. That is the current size of my gaming library.

Witcher 3's combat is definitely one of the worst combat systems in all of AAA gaming.
    I'd put RDR2 on PC up there with abysmal combat (and UI generally) as piss poor for a AAA.
    This is hyperbole as fuck. Its just Arkham combat with swords.
When I first played W3 a couple years ago I thought the combat system was fine and didn't understand why some people don't like it. Started a new playthrough recently and now it hit me just how bad it is. Still love the game though
The story sucks too.  It's beyond generic humdrum with the most boring Gary Stu protagonist in RPG history.  Zero creativity at any point.  Just trope after trope after trope.
Yep. Witcher 3 does many things great, but its combat (IMO don't get your knickers in a twist fanboys) is NOT one of them. I find it clunky, unresponsive and the targetting system is complete dogshit on PC.

Also, rolling around like a prick just gets old in general.  At least the game has dash and the perfect counters are badass (not to mention they're pretty much a one shot on humans on normal difficulty, as they should be imo so they usually proc the sync kill which is cool) 

Maybe I just dont like that Arkham style of combat, really didnt like the lotr game that had it either.
    I'm personally perfectly comfortable with calling TW3's combat dogshit, and it's also likely my favorite game after Skyrim (which only grabs this spot because of the endless creativity brought by mods)

The game is much more fun on lower difficulty settings, where you can use any combat style to get through enemies - which makes it stylish as fuck! You can actually afford to switch between different armor tiers as you feel - wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel. Witcher 3 has great immersion, and taking advantage of it makes the experience so much more enjoyable.

And about that little poke on Shadow of Mordor - I kinda agree the combat styleis similar, but they're different types of games. SoM has a much bigger emphasis on the beat em all style and thus makes combos and timing essential. If you don't like flashy combos, you're in trouble because the game's other elements, like story or RPG elements, aren't that great.
        I never really got that, tbh. For me it was just fine, perfectly serviceable but nothing special. I must be in the minority for that though
        My gripes with shadow of war are the same gripes as rings of power, if you're not gonna respect the lore, why fucking bother? Come up with your own fantasy world if you wanna shit all over everything is my opinion and I'm sticking to it. Ditto for the witcher show.
            I haven't seen rings of power, but this guy's making a very legitimate criticism of the Shadow of War/Mordor games. A murderhobo one man army has no place in the setting of a story about how power inevitably corrupts and the world is saved by the loyalty and innocence of the hobbits. Those games exploited the name recognition of Middle-Earth while curling out a great big steaming shit on everything Tolkien's work stood for.
            Can anyone explain why this guy is getting down voted? I'm out of the loop
            Some really great pieces of media are set in alternate versions of our world, the events of gladiator unfortunately didn't really happen. It's silly to demand that movies adhere to the strict historical facts of our world, and it's also silly to demand that a non-canon piece of media adheres to strict Canon.
                I agree with you. As long as the piece of media is well executed, what does it matter if adheres to the lore strictly or not? 

Sadly, there are so many examples where movies/series failed to deliver and failed to to follow the source material, cough Death Note.
        > wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel

Or wearing New Moon armor for everything because it looks the coolest :D
    The combat prevented me from enjoying it for so long, and I finally grew to love it when I played on an easier difficulty to skip the tedium. W3 is about the story, and that’s where player agency is strongest. There are so many interesting questlines and different ways things can play out based on the choices you make.
    You know, I'm one of the poor souls that got to experience the Witcher 3 for the first time on the Switch... It was not what I expected at all. 

I hated the combat. I would die with f\*cking wolves, or even those water f\*ckers that lurk around the rivers. I thought that either I was bad as hell, or the switch wasn't made for running the Witcher 3 on it. I quit the game right after capturing/hunting the griffin. It really didn't work for me. I did believe the Switch's low power was the problem, but now that I read your comment I think maybe it's the game itself and you just need to get used to it. 

In any case, I bought it again for $5 last year and have yet to get a chance to play it again, but properly, with an RTX 3070.
        What difficulty were you playing at? (I'm not trying to blame you at all, and sometimes we just don't like a game. Even if a lot of others do. And that's fine.) Cause the "dying to wolves" thing was EXACTLY what I was doing when I started Deathmarch. :D It took me so long to get it. I really didn't pay attention to combat until then lol, unless it was something especially hard. So I didn't really learn it.
        Its not the worst combat ever but it locks you into these long swing animations that just beg enemies to hit you. I got bored of it pretty quick and just went full griffin mage build and burnt everyone to death while ccing them with bombs.
            The default walking controls are awful. There's an 'alternative walking mode' or something like that in the controls that, while making Geralt move more arcade-y, stops him barreling round like a dysentric torpedo
                I think it's like alternate animations or something. Basically let's you cancel out of animations while fighting.  Makes the combat a bit more responsive.
    I'm a Witcher fan and somebody who personally finds combat decent. I usually never care about completing games on highest difficulty, yet I finished it on Deathmarch on my second playthrough.

That being said, I absolutely understand how people can dislike the combat as it is somewhat repetitive and it's a completely valid criticism. They should improve it in the next game.

Also an offtopic point: I loved combat in Horizon Zero Dawn but its characters, storytelling and writing were pretty bad IMO, so I'd always prefer games with strong characters and story.
        Never say that about HZD in one of the main gaming subreddits.

The premise is cool and so is the gameplay loop and enemies, but by God the story and character building is awful. Never played a game where the 'city' felt more dead and Ill designed than most games little villages. Whoever wrote the script and designed the 'tribes' in this game deserves a medal for managing to worm his way into such a big project.
    I'm sure I'll get downvoted but the combat and the story were unappealing to me. I finally decided to stop trying to force myself to enjoy a game I don't enjoy and move on to enjoy games that click for me faster than apparently I need to invest in Witcher games time wise.
        Why would you be downvoted for voicing an opinion? 

/s
            If only  people on reddit would understand that the downvote button isn't a disagree button.
                I never understood it. For these people, a downvote over someone you slightly disagree with is the same as downvoting hate speech. 

You can create a scale with the voting system, upvotes things you like or want to encourage, don't vote on things you don't agree with or don't care about and downvote the stuff you actively want off of the site. It's pretty fucking easy and takes zero brain cells to put into action, but I'll get downvoted for this inevitably out of spite.
    I like the combat in Arkham/Shadow of Mordor and still think combat is the worst part of Witcher 3. If the combat was more fun (or just not required/handled totally differently?) I probably would have finished it, but at this point it's stuck forever in my "maybe I'll go back to it someday" pile.
    Maybe I'm just getting old but I also find the combat system really hard to remember. It doesn't help that the spells have obscure names rather than just, you know, what they do.
    Yeah, it sucks. Maybe it was "ok" for its time, but it's a glorified left click sim in which you're rewarded for using the right oil before the fight.

Still a great game, but not worth playing on any difficulty above normal.
    i believe rolling should be abolished in all games. The witcher 3's combat design is absolutely horrendous and rushed imo. People forget that CDPR was rushing at the end of production. There was no love there just like cyberpunk but they managed somehow to skirt that perception with the witcher.
    The combat is fucking stupid because it's meta perfect. The story author "knows Jack about swordfighting".  Geralt and Vesi have no idea how to use crossbows or grenades either.
        [deleted]
            Well if you're a monster used to dealing with swords and armor some lunatic throwing grenades is going to catch you by surprise.  

"That was then.  This is now."
        Meta perfect?
    Arkham's style is button mashing with environment interaction. It's nothing like Witcher 3 combat. 

Witcher 3 has i-frames, counters, block, parry, sidestep, dashes, timing, AI changes (enraged, packs) etc. It's quite literally a dance when you get into the rhythm.
Thats what Im currently doing. Usually I play games at the highest difficulty. But playing W3 at the second easiest (not sure what that is called) difficulty and its so much fun. I just finished stuff in Novigrad and man, some moments are emotional and hard hitting.
    You still have tons of amazing moments to experience and I'm so jealous, I wish I could erase my memories and play it for the first time again.


>it's completely OK just to play story mode and enjoy it.

This is true for literally every game. Play the game how you like so you get your enjoyment out of it.
I've had the same question reading this thread. I don't understand why OP (and so many others) pick the hardest difficulty on their first playthrough of anything. It's an odd mentality. 

If I see a "Normal" difficulty setting, I assume the developer called it that because that's the way the game is normally meant to be played, and every difficulty higher than that is for after the first playthrough.
    When you have all the way to hundreds of games with varying length awaiting their turn in your backlog, you really can't afford to do a second playthrough of games, so might as well do it on overdrive the first time through.
        Counterpoint, if you have a backlog 100s strong, why spend more time on a game struggling through the highest difficulty when you could play it through on Normal and get to your other games quicker?
    Harder difficulty tends to feel how the game is designed. Games not fun when you can mow down enemies. I prefer it when the enemies have me on the ropes.
        I agree, but it seems like whatever "Normal" difficulty is, that should be the most balanced way to play. If it's too easy and not the way the game was intended to be played, then it doesn't make sense for the developers to call it "Normal."

The hardest difficulty should be for veterans who want more challenge than balance. Which should make it no surprise that it's not going to be as fun for a first playthrough, when the mechanics are still unfamiliar.
            I usually have a method.

If the game has three difficulty settings. I put on hard, which is the third one. As that's the way it's meant to be played.

If the game has four or five difficulty settings, I will put it on the second hardest one, because that many settings usually has the hardest one as excessively difficult.
    Some people play on the highest difficulty because they feel they'll get respect/credit/awesome points for beating a game at that level.
Hey late reply but which difficulty are you currently playing on?
I made the mistake of trying to do the Witcher after playing dark souls. I couldn't do it...
My husband hated W3 combat. He plays online games mostly and rarely plays single player games until I recommend him something many times. He loved the game and even finished it.
I care about gameplay and love Witcher 3. I thought Elden Ring was mediocre however.
How much better does it get after Novigrad?

I’ve lowered the difficulty and am basically just following the main quest at this point. I’m enjoying it more but I can’t say I’m “loving it”. The presentation is fantastic and the dialogue is great though.
    [deleted]
        I think that's a good way to put it, TW3's open world elements really are predictable and repetitive. I mean you can simply ignore them, but at that point, why even bother if you're not going to engage with the game's mechanics.
Thanks for the tips! Appreciate it
I've never played a game where increasing difficulty did anything more than just stat bloat mobbs by doubling their health and giving them a small damage boost. Just hitting something 3 more times than before isn't  "difficulty" to me if the ai is exactly the same.
    I feel like increasing the difficulty in The Last of Us is perfect, it makes it so that your resources are more limited, and you have to be more strategic.
        Increasing the difficulty in doom eternal made it so that more demons could attack you at the same time
Okay this is interesting, because I love how Death March requires us to use every mechanic, and I’m not sure if playing on lower difficulty would mean I simply never use oils ever, or whenever I do then I’m so OP it’s not fun.

What are your thoughts?

EDIT:
Lol I’m getting downvoted for asking about someone’s opinion.
    So, I beat Witcher 3 just before Blood and Wine came out. I didn’t do it on Death March, I did it on whatever “Normal” is called. My experience with the combat was this:

-	Potions and oils are nice, but not required (unless they are specifically required to hit a monster that can’t be hit in any other way)
-	Signs are nice, but not required
-	I actually beat the game without using the shield sign (except when it was required) because I didn’t realize how OP it was

So you can definitely beat the game with “the true Witcher experience” of prepping for every encounter, as far as I know. Things might be different in Blood and Wine, but I haven’t played it, so I don’t know about that (I’ve been thinking of doing another playthrough with the Witcher 3 Enhanced Edition mod that overhauls the gameplay completely for some time now).
Maybe people who find it difficult haven’t discovered how broken dodge is? And Quen for that matter.
    Yup, I like this subreddit but for some reason they mass downvote anyone who dares to say that Death March isn't as hard as it sounds..
        Possibly because it tends to be a response to people saying it's hard?

You have people saying "maybe you shouldn't play it on the hardest difficulty", then others responding "but it's not hard though"... it's just... pointless?

Yeah, maybe it's not hard for you, but for someone else it might be. It's obviously harder than easier difficulties.
            It’s surprisingly divisive. A lot of games it’s more of kind of a 🤷‍♂️ to what difficulty to play on. With Witcher 3 though I feel like Deathmarch is the only way the game should be played. Upping from normal really added a lot more engagement to everything for me
No, I said it was a shame he did not take advice to just lower the difficulty. He’s been torturing himself to 1) play the game and 2) play it on death march. Only one of those is a mistake for a first run and if you’re having trouble getting to where the story starts to branch and get really good. We all know the combat is weak, and he has made that the most time-consuming part of the game for him. He complains of having to do the same thing over and over, but doesn’t see that he would have some flexibility to find a play style within the combat system on a lower difficulty. 

I play Destiny 2 so I am not exactly some stranger to difficult choices about games and time spent etc. I am a try hard and I did Witcher 3 on Blood and Broken Bones and it was perfect. I am not nuts at all - I wish the guy had taken the advice of the many many people saying ‘wrong difficulty bro, that’s causing all that stuff you’re complaining about’ instead of one person or a few people who just said ‘forget about it, you obviously don’t like it!’ I wouldn’t like it on Death March either for my first try. The fact he’s ‘doing it deliberately on that setting’ is…irrelevant if it’s the wrong setting for a first play through. 

‘I made the game so hard it has to be played in a boring way and I don’t like it because it’s too slow and hard!’ That’s what I read and I was delighted to see so many people giving the right advice: just turn down the difficulty. Those people were speaking to OP’s desire to play the game and find what is so great about it. I will always prefer to have someone listen to an encouraging voice than one that says ‘just give up bro’. 

I can well recall spending 250 hours in this game and not thinking the first 50 were particularly special. I didn’t know what a gem I was playing until I was done in Velen. 40 hours or not, this guy has not really given the game a feasible chance to be enjoyed. Turn the difficulty down, get the story going, get the good side quests going. He wants to enjoy himself and asked us for advice and I see a lot more people saying turn the difficulty down than ‘just quit bro you obviously don’t like it’. He genuinely doesn’t know that yet, it is a slow burn massive RPG. 

I didn’t watch Gladiator until I was almost 30 because I found the first hour slow, before the plot is established. Would you tell me to stop watching the movie at that point? No. So OF COURSE stop doing something making you miserable: that something is not playing Witcher 3! It’s playing Witcher 3 on Death March for a first attempt when it’s not even a type of game you like! That’s not a way to give the game an actual chance. If he’s just found out Ciri went to Novigrad, he hasn’t experienced ANY of the content the game is so loved for. So advice to stop playing when the difficulty is the problem is bad advice.
    OP has already tried the game on a lesser difficulty, so most of what you are saying does not even apply. Did you even read the post? What more must he do to satisfy your quotas? 40 hours may be a relatively short time for some other longer playtime or evergreen game like an mmo but for the witcher it is more than enough. Even in a thousand hour game, no game goes from zoning out to think about life choices level of bad to being a great game. Maybe it goes from meh to decent. So I will tell people to quit most of the time if they are truly miserable. Maybe some people can read games better than you and don't need 50 hours. The guy is saying he is actively questioning his life choices for god's sake. What is there to gain from forcing a game on yourself?  

For the sake of argument, the difficulty doesn't even change much in this game. If it did, and he was actually randomly starting on hardest for his first playthrough, I'd have absolutely told him. It is not some deep game that dawns on your mind over a long period of time. It is a game with a lot of effort and care and value put into it, but in the end it is still another simple open world rpg. Even if it is the GOAT in that genre, op has specifically mentioned not liking that style of game. Just because you have limited perspective on games and are lost in circlejerk, it does not mean the game is not objectively weak and limited in certain aspects. The guy listed them in a tangible way. He was not able to look past them like you and I did. If you want to motivate him to play, tell him his issues can be circumvented or that it gets better in time (don't forget the why and how!) instead of this cultist level blind praise with no substance and focusing on abstracts like things revealing their true nature after unspecified amounts of time.  

Just because a game or movie has wide critical acclaim does not mean everyone needs to enjoy it otherwise they don't "get" it. In fact, I am finding the opposite to be true these days. In the end OP is free to choose as he desires. If he wants to go with the "a lot more people" because they are numerous about a game he started to play and not enjoy because he listened to the numbers in the first place, he can do so and give it another 40 hours. I am just trying to help the guy as someone who has played, enjoyed and recommended this game to other people.
Not sure why I was downvoted so much, but yes the side content really shines
Oh no, you missed out, both DLCs have far better main quests than the base game :(
I did exactly the same. I was so close to the end and then just rushed to the end. Bad mistake. I came back years later and did the DLC... Omg I missed out. 

The main quest is whatever, the real gems are the side quests and the dlc. And fortunately if you jump back into the game and don't have your save file you can skip to lvl 30 if you just want to experience the dlc.
Ah man you gotta play the DLC, Heart of Stone is great
Elden Ring, has much better gsmeplay than TW3 IMO
    I have seen a few gameplay videos, but the game looked like there is no content beyond going forward and swinging your sword. May try it though when it's on sale.
        That is definitely not how I would describe the game. The combat is far better and more varied than TW3, and the world has more variety and dungeons and things to do.
        It's really hard to make sense of what people in the gaming community mean when they use words. I have heard from many people that Elden Ring has no content or that the world is empty. I have also heard from many people that Witcher 3 is boring. Elden Ring has tons of content but it does not come as quests, characters and stories. Of those Elden Ring barely has any. If you want a game with an epic quest where you meet many interesting characters, ER is not it. ER has amazing combat, build variety and level design though and some of the best exploration ever. W3 has none of these last things which is why people might consider it boring but W3 has the amazing storylines.
        You think a Dark Souls game is nothing but swing your sword? What rock have you been living under that you don't understand Dark Soul games you have to learn the pattern of the enemies and the move set of your weapon with limited healing? 

It is literally one of the best games ever made lol. The game is based around combat. If you go fight something and you are under leveled you will probably die. BUT! The great thing is that if you learn the pattern to the enemy and the timing you need with your weapon you can still beat them. 

And the great news is that enemies you thought were difficult before start to become easier as you level up and getting better upgrades for your weapons, more health, more stamina, and better armor. 

The best thing about Elden Ring is that it is much easier and more forgiving in the overall design compared to older titles.
Try these:

*Divinity Original Sin 2

*Disco Elysium

*Pillars of Eternity Deadfire

Yes these are CRPGs but they have deep lore and fantastic characters/writing, same as the Witcher does. I'd recommend Dragon Age and Mass Effect series but I assume you played those.
    *me when I see Pillars of Eternity II mentioned*

Ekera!
        Haha, I'm 99 hours in and honestly this is the most common word in Deadfire.
>Auto-loot (set to 1 metre or so) and 9999 carry weight capacity vastly improved my experience with the game.


This. Absolutely this. Same here. Those mods absolutely changed my feelings about playing Witcher. I've used similar mods in Skyrim and New Vegas for the same effect.


It's amazing once you use them, you realize how much time you spend in these games just picking up stuff and managing your encumbrance in your inventory. Picking flowers and stuff in these games is tiring. Or just the time you spend looking around every room for any lootable containers. Autoloot lets me just focus on the story and quest without worrying about checking the 10 sacks in the corner.
Where are these recommendations coming from? I’ve never heard people suggesting you play it on the hardest difficulty, it’s very much a story based experience with okay combat and cool monsters and situations.
    If you search “What difficulty should I play Witcher 3 on?” on google you get a lot of  Reddit threads, though mostly from Witcher related ones, overwhelmingly recommending DM. Though interestingly someone did a poll and most polled that they played on “Story and Sword”.
It's not your fault OP, these guys are overreacting. I'm really surprised that someone recommended that to you.
    Yes it is, if a lot of people recommend you to smoke meth would you think it's a great idea?
        comparing meth to one of the most highly regarded games of all time is a dumb comparison.

I mean i'd recommend for people to play on deathmarch because you have to learn the systems and its not like the combat is difficult at all, but if you dont like it obviously dont play on it lol
Good point, that is probably a good solution.
I really dislike that solution. Eaxh game requires "a very particular set of skills", and you KNOW what those skills are, most of the time.

I've been greeted with games I found too easy and had no way of cranking them up, which made for a subpar experience.

Options should not be locked.
    As someone has already mentioned though, there are far more people who pick up the game, crank it to the highest difficulty, don't have fun, then dismiss the game.  

Especially so for a game like Witcher 3 in which increasing the difficulty doesnt change the game's mechanics, it just essentially makes battles last longer and makes you have to respawn and repeat content more often.
        Yes, I understand, that, but... "Know thyself", you know?

The difficulty most people will have fun with should be just definitely ENCOURAGED, but not capped to it.

But I believe we agree on a few things:

- What the difficulty options do should be VERY clear (ai difficulty, scaling on health, number of monsters, loot, etc).

- The "intended way" should be very emphasised by the devs (as many games do NOW, but didn't do before).

- Pure scaling is almost always a shitty difficulty. I started skyrim on the hardest mode and it was EGREGIOUS. Just... 4x life for everyone.
        Some Games that i have played recently  Like Last of us, Maxpayne 3, Manhunt, The warriers,  RDR1, Ghost of Tshusmia are really the best  on the hardest differculty while games like Witcher 3 and skyrim Which do not have the best combat are best on normal or even easy. They focus more on their open world and quests.  Of course Witcher 3 does jave flaws in terms of how reactive and interactive the world is.
I beat Witcher 3 on the easiest 3 times. On my fourth play through I played it on deathmarch.

It’s just as easy as easy but only if I play it a specific way that makes me OP. (Fleet footed plus quen alchemy build)
I only did it for the achievement.
Aren't all RPGs open world? I can't think of one that it isn't, starting from Ultima and the 8/16 bit JRPGs.
    Text based RPGs, tabletop RPGs, dungeon crawlers etc...
        Text based are super-ultra niche (if they still exist), so are dungeon crawlers.

Tabletops are not even videogames (also, I never played one but I had the impression that they too were open world, isn't D'n'D open world?)

On a side note, the games depicted in "Mazes and Monsters"and "Dark Dungeons", surely seem open world. :)
[deleted]
God I wish I could pick a monster difficulty and a other stuff difficulty.

I adore having to prepare for a really hard question mark level monster what I have read up on and got the stuff for.

But I don’t want the fucking wolves to be more than a couple hits because I just defeated a fucking dragon, they couldn’t even touch me.
    I like that idea, sort of like Total War's recent split between "campaign" and "battle" difficulty
> In witcher 3 the OP strategy is to read about the monster, prepare accordingly to what you will fight and then go and fight.

This is how a salesman looks at W3 combat, because this is how it was designed and marketed

How a high-diff player looks at W3 is: Quen
    Yeah, well put. Unfortunately playing the highest difficulty nearly always boils down to "find the OP thing and abuse it" or "grind until your eyeballs bleed." The amount of viable builds that you have available is often very limited.
        Basically Aerondight+Quen and/or abusing the everloving bejeezus out of toxicity builds, LOL.
Yeah, I always like when the game says what mode is intended.
I was just commenting on the mantra of difficulty and what it means to me personally. 
I still enjoy chill stuff like music games, platformers, storybased stuff etc. 

Accessibility is cool, but i also love a singular experience like a Souls game.
I disagree. It's not top tier, but it's enjoyable. 

Just curious, what do you think of Elder Scrolls combat?
    The biggest problem with this misconception about the combat is that they made it look too good on a superficial level. They see the trailer and gameplay videos and expect it to be dark souls-esque hitbox porn, when in reality it’s just jazzed up RPG combat. If that’s your expectation, then the Witcher is simply not that type of game and never has been.
  
From my own perspective, coming from W1 and games like KotoR or Dragon age, I think the W3 combat is terrific for what it is. I wonder what they would think if it had isometric turn based combat, or just real time point and click.
        In no way, shape or form does The Witcher 3 combat look even remotely close to Dark Souls.

The combat itself is a bit simple, it's the elements around it that might elevate it, but those involve going into menus, pick potions, bombs, apply oils, and all that is a slog because there's a looot of fighting while roaming around the infinite question marks.
    Skyrim's combat is bland, but not outright garbage like The Witcher 3's combat.

Reliability, Variety, Fluidity, Difficulty and Satisfaction are core to a solid combat system.

Skyrim's combat is boring, but very reliable. 

In Skyrim, you can always count on your sword or your spell hitting the enemy, whereas in The Witcher 3, Geralt's attacks change depending on distance away from enemies, and some of the attacks that he uses depending on distance aren't reliable at the chosen distance at all, which makes even the most basic attacks ridiculously annoying and unreliable to use. (Looking at you stupid thrust attack)

The hitboxes are terrible and dodges that *should've* worked get majorly screwed over by them. The crossbow is very clunky and unresponsive to use. Often, the crossbow fires *and* reloads after you press the firing button *once* instead of just firing off the crossbow once and never reloading. This ends up with you unfairly getting hit by the enemy.

There's also way too much animation lock between attacks in The Witcher 3. There's not much of a "rest" period between attacks where Geralt brings the sword back for another swing, he attacks instantly.

+2 to Skyrim when it comes to Reliability and Fluidity.

Variety.

Skyrim's meh combat can be offset with all the abilities the game. You are free to do whatever you want and aren't confined to a single kind of playstyle like you are in the Witcher.

"Builds" in The Witcher 3 only give you a different flavor of the only playstyle in the game: Whatever the fuck geralt is doing with his unreliable ballerina spinny-spin attacks.

You have 5 spells (each with an alternate form. Igni can turn into a flamethrower rather than a quick blast, for example), bombs, weapon oil, crossbow, light attack (with an alternate spinny-spin beyblade of blaviken attack), heavy attack (with an alternate big whack attack). That's it.

Whereas in Skyrim, you can apply poison on your swords and just use basic attacks, stunlock enemies through their shields with power attacks from your warhammer, use dual-wield daggers and just shred everything apart like a blender, interrupt enemy attacks by bashing with a mace, poison your arrows, or shoot off explosive elemental bolts from a crossbow, shove away entire crowds with your shield, etc.

Or use illusion spells to infuriate enemies into fighting each other, calm down that scary bear, scare enemies away like the badass you are.

Or incinerate enemies with flamethrowers, fireballs/firebolts, fire runes, fire auras and a gigantic firey blast that surrounds you. Light damage over time effect too.

Or chill and sap enemies stamina with a chilly breeze, icicles, frost auras, frost runes, or a blizzard.

Or shock enemies into submission and destroying all the magicka they have with static electricity, thunderbolts, shock runes, shock auras, and a freaking kamehameha death laser.

Or summon undead thralls, fire, frost, and shock daedras, daedra lords, spirit wolfs, a frost giant, a dragon, an undead dragon, like 3 varieties of blue sekeletons, a spectral horse, spiders, spirit legends from Sovngarde, a dead spirit assassin from the Oblivion days, etc.

Or apply magic armor or fire off magic light orbs.

Or cripple dragons out of the sky, shout people off cliffs, see through walls, wind-dashing through gaps in the walls, breathe fire, breath frost, freeze time and shoot many arrows through the air anime style, and many other shouts to use.

Or turn into a werewolf and chow down on whole entire cities.

Or turn into a vampire lord and suck the blood from everything you see.

Or cause the sun to explode into a bright fire-damage explosion against undead or turn the sun blood red and help the undead instead.

+1 to Skyrim.

Satisfaction. 

Skyrim's ragdolls are not very satisfying unless you are shouting people off cliffs.

The Witcher's ragdolls are the exact same way, but you don't really have the option to throw people off cliffs.

The basic sword attacks in Skyrim hardly have any effect on enemies unless you are staggering them with a bash or power attacks. You could throw fireballs into them and they wouldn't flinch until their healthbar is gone, and then they slump to the ground.

The Witcher 3's enemies are more reactive than that, they at least react to being hit with basic attacks. Spells actually effect them.

Skyrim's decapitations and killmoves are ok, but they are very jarring and very random.

The Witcher's gore makes things all the better. The camera work during TW3's executions is probably the most fluid part about it's combat, even if the executions are unreliable to pull off.

+1 to The Witcher.

Difficulty.

Skyrim's hardest difficulty is less on actual skill, but more about damage trading. So yeah. Pass.

The exact same thing can be said for The Witcher 3's Deathmarch, but The Witcher 3's combat is marginally more skill based solely because of the dodging, even though the dodging is unreliable thanks to the hitboxes.

+1 to the Witcher.

Skyrim - 3

The Witcher 3 - 2

Clear winner here is Skyrim, unless The Witcher 3 has the Enhanced Edition. 

If you know how to mod well, Enhanced Edition is a must have.
I remember playing W3 on death march in college when I had so much more free time and patience. And anxiety that I needed to escape from, but that's beside the point. The game was pretty damn frustrating on death march now that I think about it, and considering how fast I drop open world RPGs now, I wouldn't get through W3 today, even on easier difficulties.
    Idk, I did the same thing in college and death March was the first time I tried an alchemy build and I actually had a lot of fun with it? Maybe it was just because of how broken late game alchemy abilities are lol. The beginning bit was incredibly frustrating though on that difficulty
        I went with the Heavy attack focus, that felt like a reliable but still fun way of delivering huge damage to cut down the bullet sponge enemies. And then some basic alchemy stuff and sign boosts. I had read about the alchemy builds, but they didn't connect with my fantasy of witcher combat. Cutting monsters apart with those big downward swings did haha.
    The games difficulty pacing is way off. Back when this released I was hunting achievements, so played in death march right out the gate. Playing death the entire playthrough, the first 1/3 of the game is hard, middle is normal, and the last 1/3 is brain-dead easy.
        I think that when you get to the point where you swim in money, it starts to be a game of "dodge the OHK, use the shield sign and kill the badguys". Early game you can be pretty starved for healing items, since you are broke all the time.
Why play it then? Might as well watch youtube videos of it. Like if the gameplay isn't fun why "play" the game?
    Because you can still experience the world on your own terms, like a choose your own adventure book.
    Because combat isn’t gameplay.  It’s the thing that interrupts the gameplay with tedium.
        So what is the "gameplay" from what people are saying it's "the story" and "choices you make" but does that mean the witcher is just one of those books where you decide how it ends?
            It is something where you decide where it ends. It has exploration.  It has world building both environmental and textual.
    onerous elastic engine weather languid prick disgusted mysterious close badge -- mass deleted all reddit content via https://redact.dev
        The Witcher 3's combat is honestly stupidly easy, even on Deathmarch. The problem is that Deathmarch makes the awful combat even more terrible by bloating everyone's health bars to boss level.
You really have to play more games if you think Witcher combat is the worst
    Try me. I played over 789 games, varying from AAA to indie, in the past 17 years. That is the current size of my gaming library.

Witcher 3's combat is definitely one of the worst combat systems in all of AAA gaming.
I'd put RDR2 on PC up there with abysmal combat (and UI generally) as piss poor for a AAA.
This is hyperbole as fuck. Its just Arkham combat with swords.
I'm personally perfectly comfortable with calling TW3's combat dogshit, and it's also likely my favorite game after Skyrim (which only grabs this spot because of the endless creativity brought by mods)

The game is much more fun on lower difficulty settings, where you can use any combat style to get through enemies - which makes it stylish as fuck! You can actually afford to switch between different armor tiers as you feel - wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel. Witcher 3 has great immersion, and taking advantage of it makes the experience so much more enjoyable.

And about that little poke on Shadow of Mordor - I kinda agree the combat styleis similar, but they're different types of games. SoM has a much bigger emphasis on the beat em all style and thus makes combos and timing essential. If you don't like flashy combos, you're in trouble because the game's other elements, like story or RPG elements, aren't that great.
    I never really got that, tbh. For me it was just fine, perfectly serviceable but nothing special. I must be in the minority for that though
    My gripes with shadow of war are the same gripes as rings of power, if you're not gonna respect the lore, why fucking bother? Come up with your own fantasy world if you wanna shit all over everything is my opinion and I'm sticking to it. Ditto for the witcher show.
        I haven't seen rings of power, but this guy's making a very legitimate criticism of the Shadow of War/Mordor games. A murderhobo one man army has no place in the setting of a story about how power inevitably corrupts and the world is saved by the loyalty and innocence of the hobbits. Those games exploited the name recognition of Middle-Earth while curling out a great big steaming shit on everything Tolkien's work stood for.
        Can anyone explain why this guy is getting down voted? I'm out of the loop
        Some really great pieces of media are set in alternate versions of our world, the events of gladiator unfortunately didn't really happen. It's silly to demand that movies adhere to the strict historical facts of our world, and it's also silly to demand that a non-canon piece of media adheres to strict Canon.
            I agree with you. As long as the piece of media is well executed, what does it matter if adheres to the lore strictly or not? 

Sadly, there are so many examples where movies/series failed to deliver and failed to to follow the source material, cough Death Note.
    > wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel

Or wearing New Moon armor for everything because it looks the coolest :D
The combat prevented me from enjoying it for so long, and I finally grew to love it when I played on an easier difficulty to skip the tedium. W3 is about the story, and that’s where player agency is strongest. There are so many interesting questlines and different ways things can play out based on the choices you make.
You know, I'm one of the poor souls that got to experience the Witcher 3 for the first time on the Switch... It was not what I expected at all. 

I hated the combat. I would die with f\*cking wolves, or even those water f\*ckers that lurk around the rivers. I thought that either I was bad as hell, or the switch wasn't made for running the Witcher 3 on it. I quit the game right after capturing/hunting the griffin. It really didn't work for me. I did believe the Switch's low power was the problem, but now that I read your comment I think maybe it's the game itself and you just need to get used to it. 

In any case, I bought it again for $5 last year and have yet to get a chance to play it again, but properly, with an RTX 3070.
    What difficulty were you playing at? (I'm not trying to blame you at all, and sometimes we just don't like a game. Even if a lot of others do. And that's fine.) Cause the "dying to wolves" thing was EXACTLY what I was doing when I started Deathmarch. :D It took me so long to get it. I really didn't pay attention to combat until then lol, unless it was something especially hard. So I didn't really learn it.
    Its not the worst combat ever but it locks you into these long swing animations that just beg enemies to hit you. I got bored of it pretty quick and just went full griffin mage build and burnt everyone to death while ccing them with bombs.
        The default walking controls are awful. There's an 'alternative walking mode' or something like that in the controls that, while making Geralt move more arcade-y, stops him barreling round like a dysentric torpedo
            I think it's like alternate animations or something. Basically let's you cancel out of animations while fighting.  Makes the combat a bit more responsive.
I'm a Witcher fan and somebody who personally finds combat decent. I usually never care about completing games on highest difficulty, yet I finished it on Deathmarch on my second playthrough.

That being said, I absolutely understand how people can dislike the combat as it is somewhat repetitive and it's a completely valid criticism. They should improve it in the next game.

Also an offtopic point: I loved combat in Horizon Zero Dawn but its characters, storytelling and writing were pretty bad IMO, so I'd always prefer games with strong characters and story.
    Never say that about HZD in one of the main gaming subreddits.

The premise is cool and so is the gameplay loop and enemies, but by God the story and character building is awful. Never played a game where the 'city' felt more dead and Ill designed than most games little villages. Whoever wrote the script and designed the 'tribes' in this game deserves a medal for managing to worm his way into such a big project.
I'm sure I'll get downvoted but the combat and the story were unappealing to me. I finally decided to stop trying to force myself to enjoy a game I don't enjoy and move on to enjoy games that click for me faster than apparently I need to invest in Witcher games time wise.
    Why would you be downvoted for voicing an opinion? 

/s
        If only  people on reddit would understand that the downvote button isn't a disagree button.
            I never understood it. For these people, a downvote over someone you slightly disagree with is the same as downvoting hate speech. 

You can create a scale with the voting system, upvotes things you like or want to encourage, don't vote on things you don't agree with or don't care about and downvote the stuff you actively want off of the site. It's pretty fucking easy and takes zero brain cells to put into action, but I'll get downvoted for this inevitably out of spite.
I like the combat in Arkham/Shadow of Mordor and still think combat is the worst part of Witcher 3. If the combat was more fun (or just not required/handled totally differently?) I probably would have finished it, but at this point it's stuck forever in my "maybe I'll go back to it someday" pile.
Maybe I'm just getting old but I also find the combat system really hard to remember. It doesn't help that the spells have obscure names rather than just, you know, what they do.
Yeah, it sucks. Maybe it was "ok" for its time, but it's a glorified left click sim in which you're rewarded for using the right oil before the fight.

Still a great game, but not worth playing on any difficulty above normal.
i believe rolling should be abolished in all games. The witcher 3's combat design is absolutely horrendous and rushed imo. People forget that CDPR was rushing at the end of production. There was no love there just like cyberpunk but they managed somehow to skirt that perception with the witcher.
The combat is fucking stupid because it's meta perfect. The story author "knows Jack about swordfighting".  Geralt and Vesi have no idea how to use crossbows or grenades either.
    [deleted]
        Well if you're a monster used to dealing with swords and armor some lunatic throwing grenades is going to catch you by surprise.  

"That was then.  This is now."
    Meta perfect?
Arkham's style is button mashing with environment interaction. It's nothing like Witcher 3 combat. 

Witcher 3 has i-frames, counters, block, parry, sidestep, dashes, timing, AI changes (enraged, packs) etc. It's quite literally a dance when you get into the rhythm.
You still have tons of amazing moments to experience and I'm so jealous, I wish I could erase my memories and play it for the first time again.
When you have all the way to hundreds of games with varying length awaiting their turn in your backlog, you really can't afford to do a second playthrough of games, so might as well do it on overdrive the first time through.
    Counterpoint, if you have a backlog 100s strong, why spend more time on a game struggling through the highest difficulty when you could play it through on Normal and get to your other games quicker?
Harder difficulty tends to feel how the game is designed. Games not fun when you can mow down enemies. I prefer it when the enemies have me on the ropes.
    I agree, but it seems like whatever "Normal" difficulty is, that should be the most balanced way to play. If it's too easy and not the way the game was intended to be played, then it doesn't make sense for the developers to call it "Normal."

The hardest difficulty should be for veterans who want more challenge than balance. Which should make it no surprise that it's not going to be as fun for a first playthrough, when the mechanics are still unfamiliar.
        I usually have a method.

If the game has three difficulty settings. I put on hard, which is the third one. As that's the way it's meant to be played.

If the game has four or five difficulty settings, I will put it on the second hardest one, because that many settings usually has the hardest one as excessively difficult.
Some people play on the highest difficulty because they feel they'll get respect/credit/awesome points for beating a game at that level.
[deleted]
    I think that's a good way to put it, TW3's open world elements really are predictable and repetitive. I mean you can simply ignore them, but at that point, why even bother if you're not going to engage with the game's mechanics.
I feel like increasing the difficulty in The Last of Us is perfect, it makes it so that your resources are more limited, and you have to be more strategic.
    Increasing the difficulty in doom eternal made it so that more demons could attack you at the same time
So, I beat Witcher 3 just before Blood and Wine came out. I didn’t do it on Death March, I did it on whatever “Normal” is called. My experience with the combat was this:

-	Potions and oils are nice, but not required (unless they are specifically required to hit a monster that can’t be hit in any other way)
-	Signs are nice, but not required
-	I actually beat the game without using the shield sign (except when it was required) because I didn’t realize how OP it was

So you can definitely beat the game with “the true Witcher experience” of prepping for every encounter, as far as I know. Things might be different in Blood and Wine, but I haven’t played it, so I don’t know about that (I’ve been thinking of doing another playthrough with the Witcher 3 Enhanced Edition mod that overhauls the gameplay completely for some time now).
Yup, I like this subreddit but for some reason they mass downvote anyone who dares to say that Death March isn't as hard as it sounds..
    Possibly because it tends to be a response to people saying it's hard?

You have people saying "maybe you shouldn't play it on the hardest difficulty", then others responding "but it's not hard though"... it's just... pointless?

Yeah, maybe it's not hard for you, but for someone else it might be. It's obviously harder than easier difficulties.
        It’s surprisingly divisive. A lot of games it’s more of kind of a 🤷‍♂️ to what difficulty to play on. With Witcher 3 though I feel like Deathmarch is the only way the game should be played. Upping from normal really added a lot more engagement to everything for me
OP has already tried the game on a lesser difficulty, so most of what you are saying does not even apply. Did you even read the post? What more must he do to satisfy your quotas? 40 hours may be a relatively short time for some other longer playtime or evergreen game like an mmo but for the witcher it is more than enough. Even in a thousand hour game, no game goes from zoning out to think about life choices level of bad to being a great game. Maybe it goes from meh to decent. So I will tell people to quit most of the time if they are truly miserable. Maybe some people can read games better than you and don't need 50 hours. The guy is saying he is actively questioning his life choices for god's sake. What is there to gain from forcing a game on yourself?  

For the sake of argument, the difficulty doesn't even change much in this game. If it did, and he was actually randomly starting on hardest for his first playthrough, I'd have absolutely told him. It is not some deep game that dawns on your mind over a long period of time. It is a game with a lot of effort and care and value put into it, but in the end it is still another simple open world rpg. Even if it is the GOAT in that genre, op has specifically mentioned not liking that style of game. Just because you have limited perspective on games and are lost in circlejerk, it does not mean the game is not objectively weak and limited in certain aspects. The guy listed them in a tangible way. He was not able to look past them like you and I did. If you want to motivate him to play, tell him his issues can be circumvented or that it gets better in time (don't forget the why and how!) instead of this cultist level blind praise with no substance and focusing on abstracts like things revealing their true nature after unspecified amounts of time.  

Just because a game or movie has wide critical acclaim does not mean everyone needs to enjoy it otherwise they don't "get" it. In fact, I am finding the opposite to be true these days. In the end OP is free to choose as he desires. If he wants to go with the "a lot more people" because they are numerous about a game he started to play and not enjoy because he listened to the numbers in the first place, he can do so and give it another 40 hours. I am just trying to help the guy as someone who has played, enjoyed and recommended this game to other people.
I have seen a few gameplay videos, but the game looked like there is no content beyond going forward and swinging your sword. May try it though when it's on sale.
    That is definitely not how I would describe the game. The combat is far better and more varied than TW3, and the world has more variety and dungeons and things to do.
    It's really hard to make sense of what people in the gaming community mean when they use words. I have heard from many people that Elden Ring has no content or that the world is empty. I have also heard from many people that Witcher 3 is boring. Elden Ring has tons of content but it does not come as quests, characters and stories. Of those Elden Ring barely has any. If you want a game with an epic quest where you meet many interesting characters, ER is not it. ER has amazing combat, build variety and level design though and some of the best exploration ever. W3 has none of these last things which is why people might consider it boring but W3 has the amazing storylines.
    You think a Dark Souls game is nothing but swing your sword? What rock have you been living under that you don't understand Dark Soul games you have to learn the pattern of the enemies and the move set of your weapon with limited healing? 

It is literally one of the best games ever made lol. The game is based around combat. If you go fight something and you are under leveled you will probably die. BUT! The great thing is that if you learn the pattern to the enemy and the timing you need with your weapon you can still beat them. 

And the great news is that enemies you thought were difficult before start to become easier as you level up and getting better upgrades for your weapons, more health, more stamina, and better armor. 

The best thing about Elden Ring is that it is much easier and more forgiving in the overall design compared to older titles.
*me when I see Pillars of Eternity II mentioned*

Ekera!
    Haha, I'm 99 hours in and honestly this is the most common word in Deadfire.
If you search “What difficulty should I play Witcher 3 on?” on google you get a lot of  Reddit threads, though mostly from Witcher related ones, overwhelmingly recommending DM. Though interestingly someone did a poll and most polled that they played on “Story and Sword”.
Yes it is, if a lot of people recommend you to smoke meth would you think it's a great idea?
    comparing meth to one of the most highly regarded games of all time is a dumb comparison.

I mean i'd recommend for people to play on deathmarch because you have to learn the systems and its not like the combat is difficult at all, but if you dont like it obviously dont play on it lol
As someone has already mentioned though, there are far more people who pick up the game, crank it to the highest difficulty, don't have fun, then dismiss the game.  

Especially so for a game like Witcher 3 in which increasing the difficulty doesnt change the game's mechanics, it just essentially makes battles last longer and makes you have to respawn and repeat content more often.
    Yes, I understand, that, but... "Know thyself", you know?

The difficulty most people will have fun with should be just definitely ENCOURAGED, but not capped to it.

But I believe we agree on a few things:

- What the difficulty options do should be VERY clear (ai difficulty, scaling on health, number of monsters, loot, etc).

- The "intended way" should be very emphasised by the devs (as many games do NOW, but didn't do before).

- Pure scaling is almost always a shitty difficulty. I started skyrim on the hardest mode and it was EGREGIOUS. Just... 4x life for everyone.
    Some Games that i have played recently  Like Last of us, Maxpayne 3, Manhunt, The warriers,  RDR1, Ghost of Tshusmia are really the best  on the hardest differculty while games like Witcher 3 and skyrim Which do not have the best combat are best on normal or even easy. They focus more on their open world and quests.  Of course Witcher 3 does jave flaws in terms of how reactive and interactive the world is.
Text based RPGs, tabletop RPGs, dungeon crawlers etc...
    Text based are super-ultra niche (if they still exist), so are dungeon crawlers.

Tabletops are not even videogames (also, I never played one but I had the impression that they too were open world, isn't D'n'D open world?)

On a side note, the games depicted in "Mazes and Monsters"and "Dark Dungeons", surely seem open world. :)
I like that idea, sort of like Total War's recent split between "campaign" and "battle" difficulty
Yeah, well put. Unfortunately playing the highest difficulty nearly always boils down to "find the OP thing and abuse it" or "grind until your eyeballs bleed." The amount of viable builds that you have available is often very limited.
    Basically Aerondight+Quen and/or abusing the everloving bejeezus out of toxicity builds, LOL.
The biggest problem with this misconception about the combat is that they made it look too good on a superficial level. They see the trailer and gameplay videos and expect it to be dark souls-esque hitbox porn, when in reality it’s just jazzed up RPG combat. If that’s your expectation, then the Witcher is simply not that type of game and never has been.
  
From my own perspective, coming from W1 and games like KotoR or Dragon age, I think the W3 combat is terrific for what it is. I wonder what they would think if it had isometric turn based combat, or just real time point and click.
    In no way, shape or form does The Witcher 3 combat look even remotely close to Dark Souls.

The combat itself is a bit simple, it's the elements around it that might elevate it, but those involve going into menus, pick potions, bombs, apply oils, and all that is a slog because there's a looot of fighting while roaming around the infinite question marks.
Skyrim's combat is bland, but not outright garbage like The Witcher 3's combat.

Reliability, Variety, Fluidity, Difficulty and Satisfaction are core to a solid combat system.

Skyrim's combat is boring, but very reliable. 

In Skyrim, you can always count on your sword or your spell hitting the enemy, whereas in The Witcher 3, Geralt's attacks change depending on distance away from enemies, and some of the attacks that he uses depending on distance aren't reliable at the chosen distance at all, which makes even the most basic attacks ridiculously annoying and unreliable to use. (Looking at you stupid thrust attack)

The hitboxes are terrible and dodges that *should've* worked get majorly screwed over by them. The crossbow is very clunky and unresponsive to use. Often, the crossbow fires *and* reloads after you press the firing button *once* instead of just firing off the crossbow once and never reloading. This ends up with you unfairly getting hit by the enemy.

There's also way too much animation lock between attacks in The Witcher 3. There's not much of a "rest" period between attacks where Geralt brings the sword back for another swing, he attacks instantly.

+2 to Skyrim when it comes to Reliability and Fluidity.

Variety.

Skyrim's meh combat can be offset with all the abilities the game. You are free to do whatever you want and aren't confined to a single kind of playstyle like you are in the Witcher.

"Builds" in The Witcher 3 only give you a different flavor of the only playstyle in the game: Whatever the fuck geralt is doing with his unreliable ballerina spinny-spin attacks.

You have 5 spells (each with an alternate form. Igni can turn into a flamethrower rather than a quick blast, for example), bombs, weapon oil, crossbow, light attack (with an alternate spinny-spin beyblade of blaviken attack), heavy attack (with an alternate big whack attack). That's it.

Whereas in Skyrim, you can apply poison on your swords and just use basic attacks, stunlock enemies through their shields with power attacks from your warhammer, use dual-wield daggers and just shred everything apart like a blender, interrupt enemy attacks by bashing with a mace, poison your arrows, or shoot off explosive elemental bolts from a crossbow, shove away entire crowds with your shield, etc.

Or use illusion spells to infuriate enemies into fighting each other, calm down that scary bear, scare enemies away like the badass you are.

Or incinerate enemies with flamethrowers, fireballs/firebolts, fire runes, fire auras and a gigantic firey blast that surrounds you. Light damage over time effect too.

Or chill and sap enemies stamina with a chilly breeze, icicles, frost auras, frost runes, or a blizzard.

Or shock enemies into submission and destroying all the magicka they have with static electricity, thunderbolts, shock runes, shock auras, and a freaking kamehameha death laser.

Or summon undead thralls, fire, frost, and shock daedras, daedra lords, spirit wolfs, a frost giant, a dragon, an undead dragon, like 3 varieties of blue sekeletons, a spectral horse, spiders, spirit legends from Sovngarde, a dead spirit assassin from the Oblivion days, etc.

Or apply magic armor or fire off magic light orbs.

Or cripple dragons out of the sky, shout people off cliffs, see through walls, wind-dashing through gaps in the walls, breathe fire, breath frost, freeze time and shoot many arrows through the air anime style, and many other shouts to use.

Or turn into a werewolf and chow down on whole entire cities.

Or turn into a vampire lord and suck the blood from everything you see.

Or cause the sun to explode into a bright fire-damage explosion against undead or turn the sun blood red and help the undead instead.

+1 to Skyrim.

Satisfaction. 

Skyrim's ragdolls are not very satisfying unless you are shouting people off cliffs.

The Witcher's ragdolls are the exact same way, but you don't really have the option to throw people off cliffs.

The basic sword attacks in Skyrim hardly have any effect on enemies unless you are staggering them with a bash or power attacks. You could throw fireballs into them and they wouldn't flinch until their healthbar is gone, and then they slump to the ground.

The Witcher 3's enemies are more reactive than that, they at least react to being hit with basic attacks. Spells actually effect them.

Skyrim's decapitations and killmoves are ok, but they are very jarring and very random.

The Witcher's gore makes things all the better. The camera work during TW3's executions is probably the most fluid part about it's combat, even if the executions are unreliable to pull off.

+1 to The Witcher.

Difficulty.

Skyrim's hardest difficulty is less on actual skill, but more about damage trading. So yeah. Pass.

The exact same thing can be said for The Witcher 3's Deathmarch, but The Witcher 3's combat is marginally more skill based solely because of the dodging, even though the dodging is unreliable thanks to the hitboxes.

+1 to the Witcher.

Skyrim - 3

The Witcher 3 - 2

Clear winner here is Skyrim, unless The Witcher 3 has the Enhanced Edition. 

If you know how to mod well, Enhanced Edition is a must have.
Idk, I did the same thing in college and death March was the first time I tried an alchemy build and I actually had a lot of fun with it? Maybe it was just because of how broken late game alchemy abilities are lol. The beginning bit was incredibly frustrating though on that difficulty
    I went with the Heavy attack focus, that felt like a reliable but still fun way of delivering huge damage to cut down the bullet sponge enemies. And then some basic alchemy stuff and sign boosts. I had read about the alchemy builds, but they didn't connect with my fantasy of witcher combat. Cutting monsters apart with those big downward swings did haha.
The games difficulty pacing is way off. Back when this released I was hunting achievements, so played in death march right out the gate. Playing death the entire playthrough, the first 1/3 of the game is hard, middle is normal, and the last 1/3 is brain-dead easy.
    I think that when you get to the point where you swim in money, it starts to be a game of "dodge the OHK, use the shield sign and kill the badguys". Early game you can be pretty starved for healing items, since you are broke all the time.
Because you can still experience the world on your own terms, like a choose your own adventure book.
Because combat isn’t gameplay.  It’s the thing that interrupts the gameplay with tedium.
    So what is the "gameplay" from what people are saying it's "the story" and "choices you make" but does that mean the witcher is just one of those books where you decide how it ends?
        It is something where you decide where it ends. It has exploration.  It has world building both environmental and textual.
onerous elastic engine weather languid prick disgusted mysterious close badge -- mass deleted all reddit content via https://redact.dev
    The Witcher 3's combat is honestly stupidly easy, even on Deathmarch. The problem is that Deathmarch makes the awful combat even more terrible by bloating everyone's health bars to boss level.
Try me. I played over 789 games, varying from AAA to indie, in the past 17 years. That is the current size of my gaming library.

Witcher 3's combat is definitely one of the worst combat systems in all of AAA gaming.
I never really got that, tbh. For me it was just fine, perfectly serviceable but nothing special. I must be in the minority for that though
My gripes with shadow of war are the same gripes as rings of power, if you're not gonna respect the lore, why fucking bother? Come up with your own fantasy world if you wanna shit all over everything is my opinion and I'm sticking to it. Ditto for the witcher show.
    I haven't seen rings of power, but this guy's making a very legitimate criticism of the Shadow of War/Mordor games. A murderhobo one man army has no place in the setting of a story about how power inevitably corrupts and the world is saved by the loyalty and innocence of the hobbits. Those games exploited the name recognition of Middle-Earth while curling out a great big steaming shit on everything Tolkien's work stood for.
    Can anyone explain why this guy is getting down voted? I'm out of the loop
    Some really great pieces of media are set in alternate versions of our world, the events of gladiator unfortunately didn't really happen. It's silly to demand that movies adhere to the strict historical facts of our world, and it's also silly to demand that a non-canon piece of media adheres to strict Canon.
        I agree with you. As long as the piece of media is well executed, what does it matter if adheres to the lore strictly or not? 

Sadly, there are so many examples where movies/series failed to deliver and failed to to follow the source material, cough Death Note.
> wear the Ursine armor in Skellige for immersion and Manticore armor in Toussaint for the vacation feel

Or wearing New Moon armor for everything because it looks the coolest :D
What difficulty were you playing at? (I'm not trying to blame you at all, and sometimes we just don't like a game. Even if a lot of others do. And that's fine.) Cause the "dying to wolves" thing was EXACTLY what I was doing when I started Deathmarch. :D It took me so long to get it. I really didn't pay attention to combat until then lol, unless it was something especially hard. So I didn't really learn it.
Its not the worst combat ever but it locks you into these long swing animations that just beg enemies to hit you. I got bored of it pretty quick and just went full griffin mage build and burnt everyone to death while ccing them with bombs.
    The default walking controls are awful. There's an 'alternative walking mode' or something like that in the controls that, while making Geralt move more arcade-y, stops him barreling round like a dysentric torpedo
        I think it's like alternate animations or something. Basically let's you cancel out of animations while fighting.  Makes the combat a bit more responsive.
Never say that about HZD in one of the main gaming subreddits.

The premise is cool and so is the gameplay loop and enemies, but by God the story and character building is awful. Never played a game where the 'city' felt more dead and Ill designed than most games little villages. Whoever wrote the script and designed the 'tribes' in this game deserves a medal for managing to worm his way into such a big project.
Why would you be downvoted for voicing an opinion? 

/s
    If only  people on reddit would understand that the downvote button isn't a disagree button.
        I never understood it. For these people, a downvote over someone you slightly disagree with is the same as downvoting hate speech. 

You can create a scale with the voting system, upvotes things you like or want to encourage, don't vote on things you don't agree with or don't care about and downvote the stuff you actively want off of the site. It's pretty fucking easy and takes zero brain cells to put into action, but I'll get downvoted for this inevitably out of spite.
[deleted]
    Well if you're a monster used to dealing with swords and armor some lunatic throwing grenades is going to catch you by surprise.  

"That was then.  This is now."
Meta perfect?
Counterpoint, if you have a backlog 100s strong, why spend more time on a game struggling through the highest difficulty when you could play it through on Normal and get to your other games quicker?
I agree, but it seems like whatever "Normal" difficulty is, that should be the most balanced way to play. If it's too easy and not the way the game was intended to be played, then it doesn't make sense for the developers to call it "Normal."

The hardest difficulty should be for veterans who want more challenge than balance. Which should make it no surprise that it's not going to be as fun for a first playthrough, when the mechanics are still unfamiliar.
    I usually have a method.

If the game has three difficulty settings. I put on hard, which is the third one. As that's the way it's meant to be played.

If the game has four or five difficulty settings, I will put it on the second hardest one, because that many settings usually has the hardest one as excessively difficult.
I think that's a good way to put it, TW3's open world elements really are predictable and repetitive. I mean you can simply ignore them, but at that point, why even bother if you're not going to engage with the game's mechanics.
Increasing the difficulty in doom eternal made it so that more demons could attack you at the same time
Possibly because it tends to be a response to people saying it's hard?

You have people saying "maybe you shouldn't play it on the hardest difficulty", then others responding "but it's not hard though"... it's just... pointless?

Yeah, maybe it's not hard for you, but for someone else it might be. It's obviously harder than easier difficulties.
    It’s surprisingly divisive. A lot of games it’s more of kind of a 🤷‍♂️ to what difficulty to play on. With Witcher 3 though I feel like Deathmarch is the only way the game should be played. Upping from normal really added a lot more engagement to everything for me
That is definitely not how I would describe the game. The combat is far better and more varied than TW3, and the world has more variety and dungeons and things to do.
It's really hard to make sense of what people in the gaming community mean when they use words. I have heard from many people that Elden Ring has no content or that the world is empty. I have also heard from many people that Witcher 3 is boring. Elden Ring has tons of content but it does not come as quests, characters and stories. Of those Elden Ring barely has any. If you want a game with an epic quest where you meet many interesting characters, ER is not it. ER has amazing combat, build variety and level design though and some of the best exploration ever. W3 has none of these last things which is why people might consider it boring but W3 has the amazing storylines.
You think a Dark Souls game is nothing but swing your sword? What rock have you been living under that you don't understand Dark Soul games you have to learn the pattern of the enemies and the move set of your weapon with limited healing? 

It is literally one of the best games ever made lol. The game is based around combat. If you go fight something and you are under leveled you will probably die. BUT! The great thing is that if you learn the pattern to the enemy and the timing you need with your weapon you can still beat them. 

And the great news is that enemies you thought were difficult before start to become easier as you level up and getting better upgrades for your weapons, more health, more stamina, and better armor. 

The best thing about Elden Ring is that it is much easier and more forgiving in the overall design compared to older titles.
Haha, I'm 99 hours in and honestly this is the most common word in Deadfire.
comparing meth to one of the most highly regarded games of all time is a dumb comparison.

I mean i'd recommend for people to play on deathmarch because you have to learn the systems and its not like the combat is difficult at all, but if you dont like it obviously dont play on it lol
Yes, I understand, that, but... "Know thyself", you know?

The difficulty most people will have fun with should be just definitely ENCOURAGED, but not capped to it.

But I believe we agree on a few things:

- What the difficulty options do should be VERY clear (ai difficulty, scaling on health, number of monsters, loot, etc).

- The "intended way" should be very emphasised by the devs (as many games do NOW, but didn't do before).

- Pure scaling is almost always a shitty difficulty. I started skyrim on the hardest mode and it was EGREGIOUS. Just... 4x life for everyone.
Some Games that i have played recently  Like Last of us, Maxpayne 3, Manhunt, The warriers,  RDR1, Ghost of Tshusmia are really the best  on the hardest differculty while games like Witcher 3 and skyrim Which do not have the best combat are best on normal or even easy. They focus more on their open world and quests.  Of course Witcher 3 does jave flaws in terms of how reactive and interactive the world is.
Text based are super-ultra niche (if they still exist), so are dungeon crawlers.

Tabletops are not even videogames (also, I never played one but I had the impression that they too were open world, isn't D'n'D open world?)

On a side note, the games depicted in "Mazes and Monsters"and "Dark Dungeons", surely seem open world. :)
Basically Aerondight+Quen and/or abusing the everloving bejeezus out of toxicity builds, LOL.
In no way, shape or form does The Witcher 3 combat look even remotely close to Dark Souls.

The combat itself is a bit simple, it's the elements around it that might elevate it, but those involve going into menus, pick potions, bombs, apply oils, and all that is a slog because there's a looot of fighting while roaming around the infinite question marks.
I went with the Heavy attack focus, that felt like a reliable but still fun way of delivering huge damage to cut down the bullet sponge enemies. And then some basic alchemy stuff and sign boosts. I had read about the alchemy builds, but they didn't connect with my fantasy of witcher combat. Cutting monsters apart with those big downward swings did haha.
I think that when you get to the point where you swim in money, it starts to be a game of "dodge the OHK, use the shield sign and kill the badguys". Early game you can be pretty starved for healing items, since you are broke all the time.
So what is the "gameplay" from what people are saying it's "the story" and "choices you make" but does that mean the witcher is just one of those books where you decide how it ends?
    It is something where you decide where it ends. It has exploration.  It has world building both environmental and textual.
The Witcher 3's combat is honestly stupidly easy, even on Deathmarch. The problem is that Deathmarch makes the awful combat even more terrible by bloating everyone's health bars to boss level.
I haven't seen rings of power, but this guy's making a very legitimate criticism of the Shadow of War/Mordor games. A murderhobo one man army has no place in the setting of a story about how power inevitably corrupts and the world is saved by the loyalty and innocence of the hobbits. Those games exploited the name recognition of Middle-Earth while curling out a great big steaming shit on everything Tolkien's work stood for.
Can anyone explain why this guy is getting down voted? I'm out of the loop
Some really great pieces of media are set in alternate versions of our world, the events of gladiator unfortunately didn't really happen. It's silly to demand that movies adhere to the strict historical facts of our world, and it's also silly to demand that a non-canon piece of media adheres to strict Canon.
    I agree with you. As long as the piece of media is well executed, what does it matter if adheres to the lore strictly or not? 

Sadly, there are so many examples where movies/series failed to deliver and failed to to follow the source material, cough Death Note.
The default walking controls are awful. There's an 'alternative walking mode' or something like that in the controls that, while making Geralt move more arcade-y, stops him barreling round like a dysentric torpedo
    I think it's like alternate animations or something. Basically let's you cancel out of animations while fighting.  Makes the combat a bit more responsive.
If only  people on reddit would understand that the downvote button isn't a disagree button.
    I never understood it. For these people, a downvote over someone you slightly disagree with is the same as downvoting hate speech. 

You can create a scale with the voting system, upvotes things you like or want to encourage, don't vote on things you don't agree with or don't care about and downvote the stuff you actively want off of the site. It's pretty fucking easy and takes zero brain cells to put into action, but I'll get downvoted for this inevitably out of spite.
Well if you're a monster used to dealing with swords and armor some lunatic throwing grenades is going to catch you by surprise.  

"That was then.  This is now."
I usually have a method.

If the game has three difficulty settings. I put on hard, which is the third one. As that's the way it's meant to be played.

If the game has four or five difficulty settings, I will put it on the second hardest one, because that many settings usually has the hardest one as excessively difficult.
It’s surprisingly divisive. A lot of games it’s more of kind of a 🤷‍♂️ to what difficulty to play on. With Witcher 3 though I feel like Deathmarch is the only way the game should be played. Upping from normal really added a lot more engagement to everything for me
It is something where you decide where it ends. It has exploration.  It has world building both environmental and textual.
I agree with you. As long as the piece of media is well executed, what does it matter if adheres to the lore strictly or not? 

Sadly, there are so many examples where movies/series failed to deliver and failed to to follow the source material, cough Death Note.
I think it's like alternate animations or something. Basically let's you cancel out of animations while fighting.  Makes the combat a bit more responsive.
I never understood it. For these people, a downvote over someone you slightly disagree with is the same as downvoting hate speech. 

You can create a scale with the voting system, upvotes things you like or want to encourage, don't vote on things you don't agree with or don't care about and downvote the stuff you actively want off of the site. It's pretty fucking easy and takes zero brain cells to put into action, but I'll get downvoted for this inevitably out of spite.
