[[The Witcher 3 is a mediocre game at best]]


The Witcher 3 was genuinely one of the most boring games I have ever played, I went in with high expectations just because i heard so many people say its one of the greatest games of all time, only to be met with a bland world, slow exploration, sloppy combat, and a find ciri quest on repeat for 30 hours. I swear people are deluding themselves if they think this game is good, it has good graphics (for its time) and a somewhat compelling story, but god damn its so boring to play. I have no idea what people see in this game.


Please remember what subreddit you are in, this is unpopular opinion. We want civil and unpopular takes and discussion. Any uncivil and ToS violating comments will be removed and subject to a ban. Have a nice day!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/unpopularopinion) if you have any questions or concerns.*
upvoted because this is an actual unpopular opinion
    Its stupid bait
        I’m a pretty informed and avid gamer of many years (lol). I am also not much of an edgy critic by any means.  But dead serious I kinda feel the same way as the guy who posted.  Like I don’t feel as strongly as he does, but there have been 3 instances where I have really tried to commit to playing this game and liking it, but to this day I have still never finished it and I feel like I probably only ever got like 40% through (maybe).

Like I didn’t hate it, I thought it was cool and obviously a well made game and good lore, but something about the game was just such a slog for me.
            I think for me it just... i don't know how to explain it, it physically felt bad to play? Like the inventory system being a game of tetris is the most annoying thing ever, movement felt off, battles felt clunky. It's the first game I picked up where i just didn't like the whole feel of the gameplay. Except Gwent. Gwent rules.
                They could have just released a game where you roam the world and battle people for gwent cards and I would play the fuck out of that game.
                    They did....it's called ThroneBreaker
                I feel exactly the same way. First off, I was an avid fan and read all the books and played the first two games so to go into the game with a npc leveling system was kinda annoying. Geralt at this point is a fucking boss and it felt lame to not be there.

Second, I went back around a year ago to try to play it since beating it from when it first launched and it was hard to play. It seemed clunky and repetitive in the combat and i didn’t really look forward to the fights. Witcher 2 had it’s flaws but the hardest mode made it feel like you were an actual witcher because you either had to truly prepare for your fight or actually be phenomenal at combat. Witcher 3’s combat got old.

The story was still awesome and I enjoyed the game overall but I don’t think it ages well like I had envisioned in my mind. And plus gwent. Gwent rules.
                Have you played it since the ps5 update? Combat is so much smoother now; it doesn't feel nearly as clunky.
                    nope, don't have a ps5, but i'm happy to hear it!
                yeah i tried 3 or 4 times to get invested, the closest I got was my first playthrough where I ended up getting obsessed with gwent and playing just that game for 10-20 hours, then realizing I had no idea what to do next or who anybody even is, and quit. Beautiful, impressive, clunky game...
                I'm convinced you didn't play either of the first 2 games. It was night and day compared to those.
                I’m so glad other people feel this way. I felt the same way when I played it. It just felt like a grind, I really didn’t understand all the hype around it. The concept is awesome, the show is great, but the experience of playing it was mediocre at best.
                The gameplay was a 3/10 and boring at best, clunky at worst while the story was pretty good once you got into it. The other builds besides using swords were just "press 1 button, kill every thing" with bombs or Ignis while using swords was just keep spamming the fast dodge and spam light or heavy attacks when it was safe.

Ciri's gameplay was kind of fun though having abilities.
                Yeah I don’t get why nobody talks about it. The combat system just feels so off
                This entirely. It just was doing too much in the inventory and potion and crafting menus that, while it would be possible to make sense of it, it wasn’t intuitive or fun. The combat was alright, and the main character is cool. But I just straight up didn’t vibe with actively playing the game
                I've tried to pick it up twice, but the general movement/feel of combat killed all desire for me both times.  It seems to have a more realistic momentum-ish feeling (takes time to stop/change direction) but it's just so rough for a fast-paced action game.  Makes all of your inputs feel bogged down and delayed.

It sucks because story/lore wise, it's very interesting, but it feels awful even to run around in.
                My unpopular opinion was I hated Gwent and just didn’t get it.
            I looooved the game but maybe got 60% maybe 70% and never picked it back up got bored plus the main quest line seemed never ending but fuck I loved that game
                I've never played an RPG game like this (just generally, never really played roaming RPGs like that).

One of my favourite games ever.
                I remember being 60 hours in and thinking I was about to beat the game lmfao. Still my favorite game ever made to this day.
            Have to say it's the same for me.

Three times I have restarted and replayed. First I stopped when you get past the first map (tutorial area) 

Second time when I got to the big town and found they were burning someone alive.

And the last time when I got to ard skellige.  

Each time it was years before I tried it again

I love the LOOK of the world. But...for some reason, I keep running out of interest in playing.

My last play finished about six months ago. Since then I've moved on to Elden ring and bg 3. I've stopped playing bg3 now and gone back to Elden ring, which is absolutely mesmerising. 

Why doesnt witcher 3 feel this way? What's missing from it? I can;t quite work it out..on the surface, this should be the perfect game for me. Beautiful, runs decently, rpg, first person.

Maybe...it's just too horrible in some places. too real.
                For me it’s the combat system. It feels kinda janky
                    It’s the dodging for me, it’s like dodge dodge hit 3 times dodge dodge dodge hit 3 times. 

Tried a spell run but it’s the same just with longer intervals even on hardest settings
                        I love the game but I agree, the combat system is a bit boring, even on legendary (orwhatever that mode is called). There were only a few boss fights that were vaguely difficult.
                    The combat is super janky.  They tried to do an action combat thing, but your spells are mediocre, your sword swings don't feel weighty at all, and dodging doesn't work half the time
                    A lot of people have said that. I have to say it isn;t a lot of fun, especially compared to something like elden ring.
                        I completely agree. I don’t understand how some people can like the combat in the Witcher but good for them I guess
                    It felt extremely polished compared to the first 2 games imo
                BG3 is great fr. Love how if you want to see everything you have to do multiple playthroughs
                A lot of people don’t like being tortured by a video game. Elden Ring is a game where you play against yourself, the Witcher you play because being a hero is fun.
                Yeah sounds like you’re just put off from the racism and stuff that happens in the game.
                I'll tell you what's missing. The same thing that's missing from Skyrim. Good gameplay. These games appeal to people for whom story and role play are the focus.

On the other hand I loved Elden Ring. That game is everything those other games aren't.
                    Poorly written?
                    I couldn't get into Skyrim
                Gotta agree, I feel that there is a minimum reading comprehension level that is required to actually enjoy the gameplay, and also only made it about 40%-50%.
                Everyone's different I think Witcher 3 and RDR2 are generational games where as turn based and another dark souls roll and slash game just do nothing for me at all
            Same here. I've even bought the game for three different platforms. I've gotten about 10 hours or so in when I generally lose interest. I read the books. I love the setting. I think the writing  and voicework in the game are brilliant. It's even my favorite genre, but the gameplay has just never clicked for me.
                Yeah I even finished it and loved witcher 2. But it was a slog to finish 3.
            I’ve read all the books and played the first two games, and find the Witcher 3 kinda mid.  I’ve never even finished it, I have quite a bit of time played on it and remember almost nothing from it.
            Always thought there's something wrong with me and that I didn't really click with this game. I kept thinking everyone else says it's the best game ever but I'm just wondering around the bushes with my horse not really that impressed with anything.
            I agree. There are certain elements of the game and plot that I liked but for the most part I wasn’t really engaged for the vast majority of the game. The Blood and Wine DLC was good though; I actually throughly enjoyed that storyline.
            I have 11 hours in the game. Also think it's boring. Now at 60 in rdr2 and think it will get more.
            Yep, right there with you. I've tried a few times to get into but damn the gameplay is just so... Uncompelling
            Same here. The combat never looked enticing to me. The world looks cool and the dialogue looked fantastic. But just seeing my friend play the game I knew it wasn’t for me. I can only do the type of combat so much. Between assassins creed black flag and Batman games - kinda just over it . Reminds me of Zelda combat (keep in mind I loved the Zelda games on n64)
            I came from a pretty hard Dark souls games binge and was told I would like this. 

I fucking hated it. It felt like some bastardized MHW meets Dark souls. 

I cannot stand spending half of a fight paused figuring out oils and spells and whatnot.
            I’ve had pretty much the exact same experience.

For me, my theory is that I don’t like playing as Geralt. He’s not friendly or kind, he grunts a lot, has deadpan responses, and the premise is he doesn’t help people for free.

I tend to like to play more altruistic / paladin-like characters, that are selfless and help people not for money but because it’s right. That do incredible things for people that really have no other way. For example, helping citizens in KOTOR or doing some good in Fallout 3.

I think the #1 thing I miss of earlier RPG’s is the karma system, like Mass Effect, Fallout, etc. I used to do everything I could crank that to good. 

Anyway that’s my theory.
            That's me in breath of the wild and now tears of the kingdom. I just can't. I get so bored after a few sessions and quit.
            I'm the exact same way. I really gave this game a try, multiple times. I'd get maybe 10 - 20 hours and just lose the will to keep going
            I think awkward movement and clunky combat are things that definitely should not just be forgiven. They get a pass on it because they were both miles ahead of the previous Witcher games while still being miles behind the competition. The controls and how they feel are your first connection to the game and when those are off the entire thing is off.

I still highly believe that half of the reason it even got attention was horny teenagers and pre-teens getting to see tits. That's the only way the "10/10" game that you experience through very poor controls and combat that are miles behind the competition holds that score.
            i am the exact same way
            This is exactly how I feel about RDR2.  I respect the love but do not share it.  Clearly a well, made game that people rave about. But... so...boring... I've tried 3 times and just can't.

Obviously, some great games don't connect with certain people for some reason.
            I tried to play the game a few times when it first came out and thought it was ok but also never really got that far into it. I decided to try it again about a year ago when I got the dlcs on sale but I played at the hardest difficulty and it felt a lot better. Like you actually have to prepare for fights and use oils and potions and stuff, I had a lot of fun with it that time. I even bought the other 2 because your choices are supposed to carry through all of them but the gameplay on the first 2 is probly the worst of any game I've personally played.
            Can't say I blame you. It took me a bunch of tries to even get into it, I just didn't get it at first, I'd start playing it then give up and move on to something else. Then I'd do it all over again. Eventually, I decided to give it one more try and for whatever reason, that was when it hooked me. And I mean it, I fell in love with it completely. I've put hundreds of hours into it at this point.
            40% is about the furthest I’ve made it, too, and that was forcing myself. I just cannot get into the game no matter how I try…and I *do* try. I revisit it now and again to see if maybe my tastes have changed but alas…I find it to be a slog.
            I've done White Orchard 4 times and I always end up losing interest in the game. I loved the Witcher 2 and couldn't put it down. I kinda feel a lot of what OP said - Witcher 3 not bad, but it's dreary and the combat is a chore. I usually put it down because there's something else I'd rather play.
            Ill be honest. I loved it the first time after I really got settled in... But...even after the ps5 upgrade I installed, I never play it. Tried it for about 5 minutes then flipped it off and went to Nioh 2.
            100% agreed, I played the game 3 times but couldn't finish it. Story was OK but the gameplay and mechanics just wasn't for me either.
            I have had this game on my computer for 5 years, I play it for 2 hours every 6 months and try to make myself like it.
            Honestly I wish it had more masterfully designed quests like "devil by the well"
Which was a great early game quest that introduced mechanics, had a great story, and showed the world has more going on than it initially appears.
            The story and quests with the Baron was great and probably carried the rest of the game. Everything else was kinda generic RPG and adequate. I had a very hard time finishing the game to because it got pretty boring..
            I agree. "slog" is a good descriptor. I had a fun with the Witcher 3 but I did not enjoy it anywhere *near* as much as most people seem to have. I agree with a lot of what OP says.

I definitely got my moneys worth. However, I will likely never play it again.
        [removed]
            Same for me. My husband recommended I try it bc Skyrim was one of my favourite games of all time but I just didn’t like it. I don’t think it’s so unbelievable that not everyone likes something, even if it’s popular lol
                The Witcher 3 is my favorite game of all time. I also have ADHD and can't stand watching cutscenes, so I skip all of them. I have no idea what the story is about after playing it from start to finish three times. Also, Gwent is fun as fuck.
                    How can you not have the attention to follow the story but have the attention to do gwent?
                        ADHD is a bit of a misnomer. I feel it as an over abundance of attention, just extremely difficult to direct.
                            High focus laser beam that never turns off, however it is..manageable with meds, I have adhd and I actually somewhat enjoyed it? But it did not leave a big impression on me like outer worlds, Also the combat is kinda bland.
                        Gwent is kind of strategic if you're paying with good cards, and it can feel very engaging, the cit scenes can be hit or miss, and with adhd boredom is your worst enemy
                            Bro monster decks are like cocaine when you get a good hand
                            Fair enough. Thanks for sharing your perspective. I enjoyed the story but have barely touched gwent in my two playthroughs.
                                That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
                        Once you set up your deck gwent really doesn't take much attention.

My monster bois crushed anyone no matter what card I put on the table 9 times out of 10.
                    This is the only thing I take away from these types of posts.

So fine you didn't like something a lot of people like. Different strokes.

But get off the conceit that everybody else is wrong and "deluding" themselves somehow.

Video gaming is very much like tv or music. There are no right or wrong answers. Just taste/opinions.
                        I swear most debates about whether gaming or movies are good/bad are just people who liked something and can't admit it wasn't that good or people who hated it and can't admit it wasn't that bad.

I can have some pretty outrageous tastes but it's not that difficult to accept that it's just that.

I can give my opinion as fact though, especially when others are doing it, it really gets them riled up.
                        Yeah I agree. It's the contempt and victim mentality and that everyone else is wrong that makes this a shit post
                    Dude, there's narration recapping the story every time you load the game. 

IN DETAIL
                    Witcher 3 definitely just became the gwent game for me. Like, I was just doing main quests to unlock more maps and then potentially more gwent opponents lol
                    I watched all the cutscenes and I still had no idea what the story was after playing it.
                        The story is Find girl.
                            save the cheerleader, save the world
                                WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
                            The story is play Gwent.
                                ^
                        That's pretty embarrassing
                    I’m 50/50 on cutscenes. My fav game genre is JRPGs and they notoriously have a lot of cutscenes and usually not the most exciting combat, the story is what gets me. The thing is there’s a fine balance of how much cut scene is too much. And sometimes on repeat play throughs I’ll just skip through them.

I don’t remember the Witcher 3 having a lot of cut scenes after the tutorial but I also didn’t get super far into the story. I got sidetracked during the main quest and stopped to pick flowers at some point on my way to see Yennefer lol
                    Gwent was the only fun thing about the entire game
                    > I also have ADHD

This is a cop-out, not an excuse. My GF has near-crippling ADHD and she couldn't focus *more* on a good storyline.
                    Gwent is something I wish I got into as the game was going. I had a time limit before was selling my computer back to my friend and was hoping to power through it (not even close) and skipped the Gwent stuff. I now can’t play Gwent at all without getting destroyed and have to go back to the beginning areas to find certain characters to get the Gwent cards from.
                    I don't like card games (I don't like a lot of games honestly).

Is there ADHD that's ADHD im reverse?

Because I see comments saying they have X and Y and then comments saying they have the same but in A.

&nbsp;

I mean is, ADHD, but you live for the cutscenes, you could watch them all say long and it is a bummer when they end and you have to return to the game.

&nbsp;

See, this is what I said in another comment. No one is like this. Why am I like this?
                Skyrim is just an inferior version of oblivion
                Skyrim lets you off from the start, you can be a monster in Blackreach before you ever get shitted from Nazeem. Same way Oblivion had “Wenion Priory” and most people just strolled right into Coral.


But Witcher is like “Help the Fat Man!” I dont care… “the Baron’s child was a ghost and he hung himself!” Hanged - he’s not a shirt, he’s a Carradine it’s a hanging - and…i still don’t really care 🤷‍♂️
                    There’s nothing forcing you to do the Baron’s quests either.
                it was the same for me, loved Skyrim but played maybe an hour of witcher and i just didn't like anything about it sadly
                    Starting to think there's a pattern here, especially since I loved The Witcher 3 and can't stand Skyrim. It's almost as if they're very different game styles that just share a similar setting.
                        the fun of Skyrim for me was creating my own character choosing their backstory whom you decided if you wanted to be good or bad etc with a premade character I didn't feel the same way. maybe partially that's why I just couldn't like the witcher or geralt since I may have expected it to be too much like Skyrim.
                Not sure what makes games so great for you but the Score whoch mesns the music is easily one lf the best and most original which just makes the game top tier.
                that's literally me i love skyrim but the witcher tried to play it 5 times got bored 5 times uninstalled boring game
                My unpopular opinion: Skyrim is boring AF and the combat is atrocious. I have no idea how it was/is so popular.
                    I agree the combat leaves a lot to be desired. Tbh the first time I played Skyrim I also didn’t like it. I was fucking lost. Couldn’t even figure out how to level up lmao. Part of the reason I like it is just the open world exploration. I learned to stop having quest anxiety and just do what I like, which is exploring. It’s also got an incredible soundtrack, and the scenery is beautiful, especially with mods. 

I don’t think there’s any particularly incredible quests in Skyrim that made me go “wow omg” but there’s also few gaming experiences I’ve had that compared to setting foot in Blackreach for the first time. I also like that you don’t HAVE to do anything in Skyrim. You don’t even have to start the main story quest. You can do anything you want, in any order, or nothing at all. You just get dropped into Skyrim and can do whatever you want.
                I love both TW3 *and* Skyrim... but for entirely different reasons. The games are only alike in that they're fantasy settings with RPG elements.
                My wife loved Witcher 1 and thought 2 was okay. We’ve both tried to play 3 and neither of us have over 10 hours in it.
                Eh, because OP didn’t say it wasn’t for them, they said it’s mediocre. I’ve tried to get into TW3 at least three separate times now, but have kind of bounced off of it in less than five hours each time. I can still recognize it’s quality.
                This is such a common misconception. Skyrim and The Witcher 3 are in almost nothing alike.

Skyrim has simpler combat and a simpler world. The power of Skyrim is it’s simplicity. You make your own character and the skills + progression is beyond anything I’ve ever seen. The focus isn’t on story in the game, that’s why some people find it barebones, the focus is on your character, progression and exploration.

In The Witcher, the skills and progression are barebones. The story is pretty good (mostly the side stories). I’d say The Witcher has a real focus on story and world building, but lacks in everything else to Skyrim.
                    I agree! Was just mentioning in another reply that the only thing they really have in common is that it’s an open world fantasy setting. 

Skyrim’s storytelling does leave a lot to be desired but you really just boot the game up and do whatever you want right from the get go. The first few hours of TW3 were pretty handholdy to me, and while the combat was more interesting, I felt like there was a lot more pressure to stick to the story. I wasn’t going into it expecting that so maybe it was a little off putting. I don’t think it’s a bad game in any way, just wasn’t my vibe.
            Same here, and I love almost every game it’s recommended alongside. Going to give it another go this weekend but if third time playing 8-10 hours isn’t the charm, I guess it’s just not for me

Edit: you guys are ridiculous, I didn’t even say anything bad about it lmao my goodness
                Same. Exactly my type of game. And it is highly reviewed. But when I play it I feel like the combat is just button mashing, the enemies are damage sponges, and the spells are fiddly and annoying to incorporate in a fight.
                    I think it was the spells that got me now that you say it
                Same, gave it two goes and lost interest. Which is shame cuz rpgs are some of my fav things in the world
                    For me the controls were clunky, and too many long cut scenes.
                        Yes that was what bugged me too. Controls were clunky and combat felt floaty(?) for lack of better term. I also really hated the durability system, yes I know it makes for realistic gameplay, but it felt so forced and unnecessary.

I didn’t enjoy it despite giving it 2-3 tries.
                        Long cutscenes are a huge turn off for me! Can’t play any metal gear solid games because of them…
                Just push past the bit of a slog that is the Velen and the Baron. Once you’re out of the swamp, shit really picks up imo
                    Does the combat get any better? Story is one thing like I’d put up with a lot for what I’ve heard about it, but something about the combat just makes my brain shut off
                        To an extent that’s in the eyes of the beholder, the combat system itself doesn’t change much but with the sign upgrades, armour/weapon sets, and variety in monsters to slay I’d say it gets better. But that being said, if you dislike how the combat feels then no, probably won’t get much better for ya
                            I really don’t understand why I have such trouble with it, I play a bunch of other games that vary from more complex combat mechanics to those that are significantly bad/clunky. 

Oh well. I’ll give it another shot, I’ll go for making it past the Baron before reassessing
                                I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
                                there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
                                I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
                        The combat system broke my brain the first few times I tried it. The third time I pushed myself to play a bit longer and for some reason it eventually clicked. Once that happened I couldn't put the game down.
                            For me it clicked eventually because I slowed down. I think I was used to faster combat and couldn't get the hang of it at first. Ended up enjoying a lot more afterwards by taking my time with attacks.
                        I was told to play on atleast blood and broken bones because it makes you use more of the options in a fight and makes the fights more tense and meaningful. Honesty, it was good advice. After I beat the game I switched down to sword and story difficulty and I saw how boring the games combat would be if I'd played it like that. Also play gwent. Trust me, you will thank me later.
                        What difficulty were you playing on? The combat felt way better (albeit pretty hard) on my deathmarch playthrough, after not really sticking for me on normal.
                        No the combat is always poor, and gets more laughable in the DLC
                    The Bloody Baron is one of the best parts of the game and was always regarded as such. Has that changed recently since people are starting to say they didn't like it?
                    I loved the baron story, though the characters were so well written and fleshed out. Honestly if you don’t like it at the Barons, you’re probably not going to like the game as a whole.
                        I feel like it takes time for even the barron to grow on people.

For me, I liked how side-quests just seemed to open and close in a compelling way, in particular how lairs, ruins, and wizard labs were gradually uncovered. But the baron...along with much of the aesthetic, felt like a kingdom of mud. I had to do a few main quests and get caught up in the writing.

I suppose I'd say the setting took time for me to adjust to.

TLDR; I really like Witcher 3, but I can easily see how it can straight up fail to hook people.
                    I don't think I should have to suffer past a certain point for a game to become enjoyable. If your game is enjoyable from the start, I feel like that is a design problem. Devise a better way to introduce me to what is interesting about your gameplay loop, or may the introduction to the game interesting enough that I want to push through whatever big wall I am about to run into.
                    Oddly I recall right after launch that many people were saying the Bloody Baron's storyline was the best part of the game. I understood where they were coming from in that it's drama-filled, but it also felt so pointless. It was a well crafted sidequest that they forced into the MQ puzzle.
                    Interesting take, I had the complete opposite experience. I loved the Baron story and it helped me slog through the gameplay to conclude it. Act 2 bored me right out of the game
                I think that’s more than a fair try and also, gaming is supposed to be fun, not a chore. If you don’t like something then go to the next game. Same with reading - some people force themselves to finish  books they hate. It’s a hobby not a competition!
            I played for an hour and I remember going up to a village doing something got bored and uninstalled
            Not liking something doesn't mean it's \*BAD\* or \*MID\*

I dislike games I can recognize are well made
                This. Tried baldurs gate 3. Then I saw it was turn based. Instantly refunded. Im sure it's great, but it's just not my kind of game.
                    To be fair I absolutely hate turn based combat and I still loved Baldur's gate 3 for some reason because it's just that good. I have a few mates who also experienced the same thing. Might be worth checking it out one day!
                [deleted]
                TW3 has major flaws, especially in gameplay. They tried to fix it with an alternate control mode but it did not do much. Geralt controls like a boat, the combat is floaty and imprecise, and it's just overall a pain to actually play.

So some parts are well made (side quests, world building, writing, characters, graphics) but some others are really poor (gameplay, both exploration and combat, gear progression, skill progression).
                    The boat like controls are easily the shittiest part of the game.
                    Everything that makes the game a game and not a show is mediocre
                        Yeah, I LOVED the books but hated the games and I've tried all 3.

Small things for world building even meant that the story wasn't as good. Just things like hanging dead bodies when they know that causes necrophages, or the fact that towns near monsters don't have the simplest of defences (so that guy got attacked *inside* the town) meant that I couldn't look past gameplay I didn't enjoy.

Dragon Age inquisition was an example of a game where I liked the story and LOVED the world building but I just didn't really enjoy the gameplay.

W3 gameplay is better than the first 2 but I still didn't enjoy it.
            I actually finished the whole game twice... i played the first two games in the hopes it would increase my appreciation for it, and still don't care for it. 

The movement and combat feel stilted. The side quests all end the exact same. My favorite part of the entire thing is gwent.
            Yeah, the game is just not that interesting.

I even tried reading the books and jesus fucking christ if they aren't the most mid quality supermarket paperback books of fantasy that you can ever find. There's no wonder the netflix show creators didn't want to follow them.
            That’s fine, but the graphics are just still objectively good and the writing is one of the best compared to almost any RPG that’s ever existed.

It’s 100% completely reasonable to hate playing the game. 

Thinking people who do enjoy it are deluded is absurd, ignorant at best. 

It’s like not liking chicken. 

Super reasonable even though it’s one of the most popular meats in existence.

“People are fucking stupid for liking chicken” is a very different very dumb opinion.
            I love this subreddit. 80% of the posts are popular opinions and the 20% that arent are "stupid bait"
            Fuck I loathed Skyrim and the Witcher 3. I wanted to love them, I really did.

God of war, assassin's Creed pre-rpg, horizons ftw
            Glad its not just me. I keep trying to pick it up  but the way combat feels, weapon management, potion system being a requirement, flat affect protagonist, and story structure make me just close the game. I get it's critically acclaimed but I just cannot get into it
            Also didn’t like it. The combat was fucking horrible, alchemy is a chore and I didn’t feel any emotional connection to the world
            I did the exact same thing but with Skyrim and Ted Dead. I never got into those games. I totally see why people call them some of the best games ever but it definetly was not for me
        I couldn't get into it. I thought I'd love it because the concept of spooky shit and gore is right up my alley, but honestly the combat feels awful and slow. I'd much rather turn on a playthrough of it than play it myself.
        I don’t agree to quite the degree OP is going, but the game did not grab me at all.
        Not everyone likes what you do. It might be hard to believe. I also dont like the witcher 3
            Yeah but the post is not saying “I personally don’t like Witcher” it’s going, “Witcher is objectively a boring and bland game” and then further going “people who like it are deluded”.
                Yeah and any opinion like THAT is a stupid opinion but let's not pretend people don't always act like their opinions are somehow superior over stupid shut.
        "Every opinion I don't like is bait".

Witcher 3 is my favorite game and this is such a bad take. People are allowed to have opinions especially about something as inocculus as a video game. It isn't bait just because it's unpopular.
            > inocculus

bruh
                This word hijackedmy brain
        I'm Polish. I read the books in early 2000s, they were ok. The first game was decent, not too long, a bit janky. The second one had tedious moments, still not too bad. The third one dragged on, especially Skelige, that was a serious chore. Overall, it's not bait, the game is decent, has issues with the pacing and overall not too replayable.
        It's not. many of the criticisms are legit: bad combat, poor exploration, and the overarching quest of finding ciri isn't that interesting. That being said, I think the pros outweigh the cons, but that isn't going to be the case from everyone
            What would you class as the pros, I've tried the game and actually got into 1 because of the bestiary and it felt like I'd need to learn about the monsters I was hunting etc. I tried 2 and 3 but haven't got past the intros
                I wouldn't say it has a good plot, but it does have excellent writing. The side quests are great, and so are many of the characters. Have you played the ladies of the wood quest? that's one of the best quests in any game ever
        Lmao, this subreddit is so stupid, the moment someone actually posts a unpopular opinion yall cry and call it bait😂💀
            Eh while I agree that this sub has a real problem with doing what it's supposed to (more often than not just upvoting popular opinions or opinions that are controversial in public but popular on Reddit, downvoting everything else) there are some "unpopular opinion bait posts" on here from time to time.

Someone just thinks of something highly popular on Reddit, thinks of the most basic excuses as to why someone wouldn't like it and acts flabbergasted as to how Reddit finds that topic so good. There's little actual critical analysis or pushback, no recognition of positives about the topic or comparisons to a superior alternative. It's almost like the OP just lights the powder keg on something they know most of Reddit is highly interested in (which probably means there's people also sick of the popularity and want to discuss it as overhyped/overrated).

Not saying that's what *this* OP did, however. I dunno if they've made much of an argument for disliking Witcher 3 (not that they need to, but the less detail the more superficial and baity it comes across as).
                Personally I don't like it either, but that's because the gameplay just feels lack luster in my opinion, there's nothing really bringing me back. And that's just that, you don't need a good reason not to like something, it's just not for them. Just like people who don't like rdr2 the gameplay might just be lackluster for them
        Not at all. I was bored out of my mind after a while. It is possible for people to not like something that's popular.
        The game isn’t for everyone, I absolutely adore the Elder Scrolls series so I figured I’d love the world of The Witcher 3, made it to maybe lvl 11 and stopped playing.

On the flip side I absolutely consumed every last bit of Cyberpunk 2077, did every side gig, found all the iconic weapons etc.
        I agree with the poster except i agree because the game is trash. I cant stand cut scenes and thats like half the game.
        It isn’t, this game sucks
        nah it’s boring
        Is it bait just because you don’t agree? Lmao.
        It's an unpopular opinion and one I tend to agree with. The game truthfully did nothing ground breaking, was massively overhyped by people who didn't experience the trainwreck it was at launch, and it suffered from a lackluster story that railroaded the player into making really gross decisions, like helping a wife beater exorcise the ghost of the unborn child he killed when he beat his wife for wanting to leave him because he beat her!
        First time hearing an opinion you don't like?
        I didn’t like it either.

Not liking something that’s popular is not “bait.”
        Yeah I tried the game for a good 10 hours, it was nowhere near as amazing as people made me think it would be, the dialogue and voice acting was so bad it was funny, and the combat felt really aged
        I came into contact with the Witcher universe through Gwent, the standalone card game released quite a while after Witcher 3.

Immediately fell in love with *everything* about that game. All the cards looked so cool, all the monsters, all the characters, all the bits of lore I could pick up here and there.

I was thrilled to finally get into The Witcher 3 and see just about all these iconic cards and monsters and moments and omg hype because everyone always talks about how great that game is.

Bought the game, got through the Bloody Baron part, amazing story and all that, but I was just bored out of my fucking mind after a couple hours. Closed the game, didn't open it again for several years. Gave it another go a couple years later, managed to play it out a bit longer, stumbled upon the Crones, rode around here and there... still quit a couple hours in because it was boring and tedious as fuck to me.

I love the world of the Witcher... but I've never finished the any Witcher game and probably never will because they're awful *to me personally*.
        I played 50 hours. Game is mid. What hype is there exactly?
    I took my downvote back after this comment
        Did you forget what subreddit you were on? It’s for um… well yk🤦‍♂️
            Trust me it frequently happens
    The combat is pretty damn dull and basic though.
    My biggest issue is the combat doesn't feel great and there are some points that feel like you need to grind
    The combat ruins it for me. 

You try this after playing dark souls and it feels sooooo sloppy and random
I just punched the screen and now security is escorting me out of the building but before I go, I want to let you know that I don't like you or your opinion.
    I can confirm all of this.  I was the security guard who did the escorting. Mr Porkfeet was fuming, all red faced and angry.
        pics or it didn’t happen
            Feet pics or it didn't happen
                And they better be pork!
                    gotta see those little piggies
                        I love Reddit
                            I love you
                Quentin, is that you?
        I can also confirm. I was the computer screen
    You kid, but this is actually the reaction you get when you tell people the game is booty.
I have tried to get into it 5 times over the years. I just can't. So you are not alone. There are dozens of us!
    [deleted]
        It's one of those games where you have to spend 75% of your post praising it before you're allowed to criticize it.

What you want to say:  The combat in this game is janky as fuck.

What you have to say if you don't want to get downvoted:  "I really liked the story and Gwent is super fun.  It's one of the most immersive games I've ever played and the devs are just so generous with all the free content!!  All that said, I have to admit that the combat was a little difficult to control and I just really couldn't get the hang of it."
            I hate how everything you write has to be like this these days though.

What makes my skim itch and shed though, is that if it is not universally praised, then it is fair game to dunk on it. Screw those that like it or if it actually is good.

&nbsp;

Look how long until someone said something controversial about The Witcher.

Conversely it takes some 10 years for someone to finally say "remember that thing everyone hated? It isn't half bad."
                Subreddits either decide "this game is perfect and cannot be criticized" (Witcher 3, TLOU2) or they decide "this game is dogwater and nobody could possibly enjoy it" (basically any Blizzard game).  The upvote system means you can't disagree with the hivemind or you get downvoted below the visibility threshold.
            Sounds like what you have to do when talking about any FS game on r/fromsoftware hahaha
        I *liked* the game. I never loved it though. People praise combat as fluid or whatever, but 95% of the time it was one dimensional. Gwent was fuckn fun though
            Gwent was so good, they made a game of the game within the game.
        Same here. It just feels good to finally say Geralt is cringe and his friends are boring after listening to everyone piss their pants over this game for a decade
            His dialog drives me a little bit nuts. Would it kill him to utter one single complete sentence?
                Winds howling
                Hmmm.
                Even Master Chief’s one-liners were one or two sentences long.
                I actually like this about him, if I recall from my past attempt at playing the game, the problem is that everyone else takes waaay too long to get to the point. Except that guard that just says “Fuck” when you walk by, that guy is my hero.
                    Twitter didn't exist back then.

&nbsp;

Honestly I find that dialogue in real life is far more bloated.

People go on and on and on to just say one thing or they repeat themselves.

Wich ironically I think I am also a victim of.
                It drove me crazy the way he'd just start sentances in the middle of them. Nobody talks like that, and it sounds stupid.
                    I proudly didn't play the games.

I believe, however, that that is what he has going for him.

Aside from his body, he isn't Hunan anymore.

It's a dilemma with story telling. Else you just write normal people in a fantasy setting.
                    It's an attempt at flavourful translation. Thing is, you can trim polish sentence a lot without it sounding unnatural, if you want to be brief. Not so much in english
                He talks a lot to the people he cares about. Otherwise he's a cynical old man who's just over everyones shit. 

Comes with the territory of being despised by every hillbilly peasant and fucked over by every wanna be lord. 

He's a grouchy old guy who only comes out of his shell for his crew.
            Geralts voice is some of the most grating shit I've heard. It feels like I'm listening to someone who whishes they had a deeper voice and is forcing it so hard.
                The whole reason I could never get into the game was his voice and everyone thinks I’m insane. But today I have found my people
                My gf overheard me playing it once and asked "are you romancing somebody? Why is he trying so hard to sound sexy" lmao
        The only thing that kept me going was the card game
        I feel the same way about “The Last of Us”.
        Holy hell, are you me? I feel like I've been dogpiled for pointed out a criticism of TW3 to an insane degree, even if I tone it down. Now, I just say fuck it and voice my dislike for the game's... well, everything. Bad gameplay, boring characters, time-wasting and overly-long main story. If I'm damned either way, might as well not hold anything back!
        I think my problem is that graphics, story, and characters are the three things I don't care about in games at all. These three categories are Witcher's focus area. So I just don't "get" it. I much prefer interesting gameplay systems over anything else.
        As someone who absolutely LOVES this game and have spent over 250 combined hours in it - I’m loving these comments, it’s so fun to see all these drastically different takes. 

I may not like it, but hot damn! Haha!
        Blame the internet edge lords and trolls that like running around going against everything. The only way to tell the difference between them and you is your dislike comes with reason.
        I actually hate The Last of Us for example. It's actually terrible to me, like one of the worst games i've ever played, no exageration. And yes I understand many people love it, and in no way my opinion changes anything. And I am sure it is not a bad game AT ALL at the same time.
        Release day skyrim is better than all of Witcher 3
        Very cathartic to say I didn’t enjoy Witcher 3!

Conversely, I did really enjoy Cyberpunk on release so maybe I just have bad taste
    It was a solidly average experience. Every feature was kinda just meh with only its storytelling being its strong point. But I found myself skipping dialog a quarter of the way through because of how long and boring it is. They really need to make the dialog more interactive if they're going to dump so much on you.
        How do you mean interactive ? I love the game but i think the side quests are the strongest part of the game, combat would be pretty weak compared to like a souls like. It definitely has its faults, I thought the voice acting was good though. I love the Witcher world so am probably more bias to someone coming in with no knowledge of the world.
            This has nothing to do with your comment, and I know people don't appreciate spelling corrections, but on the off chance that you legitimately didn't know, the word is biased* not bias
    Same. I wanted to like TW3. Tried the last two Zelda games and also got bored. 

Elden Ring ruined other games for me. 

Apparently BG3 is really something. 

Also heard Cyberpunk, Life of Pi are good.

Edit: lol Life of Pi. Yea being on a boat with a tiger as my only companion sucks.

Edit 2: I’m glad that people like TW3 and the Zelda games. It’s good that there’s a variety of content and communities willing to support. I won’t diss those games, I just personally couldn’t get into them. I’ll give them another shot in the future. Some of the commenters complaining need to get a grip. It’s not an insult bro. 

Edit 3: spelling, formatting
        Lol “Life of Pi” is a movie. “Lies of P” is a solid game though definitely worth a play.
            Maybe the dude wants to be stuck on a boat  with a tiger for a few weeks... Don't yuck his yum
            Got into Souls games with ER, and played DS3 after that. I really liked DS3, but Lies of P was extremely boring during the first 4 hours I played - there was only 1 style of playing and the story couldn't grab me.

I'm currently 6-8 hrs into Lords of the Fallen and it feels a lot better than Lies of P. It's almost a hybrid between DS3 and Elden Ring, with its own cool mechanic.
                Honestly I think lies of p is actually kinda too hard

I'm in chapter 11, close to beating the game, and I will beat it. It's been decent I'd say. But I'd place it solidly below any actual from title as well as Nioh for souls likes.

The story is cool, I like the aesthetics. The music is okay, though its trying a bit too hard to copy dark souls. 

But the combat sometimes just feels shitty. You have to hit like 20 parries within the 3-5 frame window or some shit on attacks with huge delayed tells which you essentially need to memorize. And then you need to hit a slow ass charge attack on a boss before you can even get the visceral.

I rarely felt like I had "mastered" a boss. Like if I go back to sekiro today having not played it in years, I'm pretty confident I can still beat isshin within 5 tries cause I played the shit out of that game and got good at it's combat. But for lies of p, every boss just feels like I scraped by or got lucky on a good run.
            I got really confused when I saw the title of the game.

Same thing with TF2, which BFII and Outer Worlds and Outer Wilds.
            Life of Pi is solid though, do recommend
        See i HATED elden ring but i also think soul games are boring as fuck! Well made game just not for me!
            Yeah I couldn't get into that game either.
            [deleted]
        Thank you I have a bunch of games on backlog. Apparently if I try out Elden ring, I should most definitely play it last. Good to know.
            If you like other souls like games it will suck your time up. If youre like me and rather not spend 200 hours just to kill a single boss, find a buddy and get the co-op mod then let it suck up all your time
        I think the real unpopular pinion is people like me who found Elden Ring to be incredibly underwhelming because it literally just feels like another Dark Souls game except for I guess you can pick berries and stuff...
        Just finished cyberpunk. Absolutely worth the buy! First hour I was like “this is just gta in the future” but my goodness was I wrong. Definitely reccomend trying it out if you have time.
        Whenever people say elden ring ruined other games it’s such a self tell lmao
            Telling of what?
                It tells you that they played Elden Ring.
                    Big if true
        I loved Elden Rings exploration, combat, build options and setting. 

But GODDAMN does the world feel dead, I couldnt bear to keep playing like halfway in, I dont even see a fucking reason to finish the game story wise, who cares if that world gets "ruined", theres like 10 people living in it, and most of them are psychotic or die by the end.
        Elden Ring boring as hell
        I loved breath of the wild, but as soon as I fused a minecart to my shield in Tears of the Kingdom it just kind of broke the magic and immersion of the world for me. Haven’t picked it back up since. Also tried twice to get in to Witcher 3 and just couldn’t
        Elden Ring and BG3 are way different games I think you’ll be able to enjoy it without thinking of the other game.
        Yeah tried Zelda but having a game too open really hurts the experience in my opinion. I could cheese shrines and rewards were trash so it made exploring boring.
        I had a similar experience of not enjoying the Witcher 3. I just started BG3 a week or so ago and have like 30+ hours in it already.

I haven’t been this invested in a game since I was a kid.
    Dozens!
    Thats me with RDR2. I got to the Manor/Mansion place and didnt want to play another 30 hours in that world
    I’m the same. I also don’t like fall out 4 or new Vegas…
        I also dislike New Vegas, so you're not alone! Fallout 3 is much better, in my opinion. I found myself going back to FO3 after NV release, a lot.
    If you enjoy story-driven games, The Witcher will do you well, but if you're like me and prefer combat as a selling point, the game falls flat. 

I'm the type who doesn't care WHY I have to kill the thing, I only care HOW I get to kill the thing, and only having 2 swords to choose from, with very little useful magics, the game got very boring, very fast.
It's fine to not like something. But to call people deluded for liking something, when you obviously are in the minority, is pretty special.
    Excellently summarized. I wanted to write something on the same lines
        Mm yes. Apt. Apt analysis, my good sir. I wanted to touch on his allegations of delusion as well. 🎩
    It's the only sentence I didn't agree with.

The rest is spot on.
    [removed]
        Lmao what
    For real. I don’t like Zelda BOTW and I think it’s overrated but I’m not saying it’s a shitty game. I’m not into The Last of US either but it’s by no means a shit game.

What happened to saying “it’s not my cup of tea”? You can objectively see why people would like the world and characters. Hell, I loved Witcher 3 but I have no interest in playing W1 or W2 because of the amnesia storyline. I found the walking mechanic bad until I flipped a toggle in the options menu and I didn’t think combat was bad at all so I really don’t understand the pure hate people have for it.
    *Wins game of the year* 

Everyone else is dumb except me.
    This is single handedly why i stopped watching the Angry Joe reviews. Both Joes are ok most of the time, but Alex hates damn near everything and calls people idiots for liking it. He will continue to berate/insult/namecall to an extreme if its not in line with his opinion.
    It's a proof of delusional overconfidence, and imply that his tastes, even if shared by very few ppl, have more value that everything else.
    I don't like this thing therefore I will insult the people who like it.

just say you don't like something and that's that.
    >to call people deluded for liking something, when you obviously are in the minority, is pretty special

I disagree: Popularity is not always a measure of quality

OP could stand to not word things like a tool though
Honestly, W3 has captivating story and really awesome side quests, character lore, character design and really awesome graphics in terms of environment. I mean Blue Mountains? Touissant? I spent hours playing that game. However gameplay is indeed clunky af and game tends to be somewhat buggy so its definitely not perfect, but pretty awesome regardless.
    Skellige always sticks out in my memory banks
        So. Many. Question marks. 😂😂
        Yeah that whole story line and side quests felt like it’s own little game!
    I agree this is the biggest problem. The world and story lines and even little side quests are amazing and don’t feel too cookie cutter… but the combat just sucks. It kinda felt like at that point just make it a tell tale game… and hey they made one maybe I should play that
    Some side quests have more story than entire games which is one of the reasons I loved it
        I remembered when I first realized this. It was the quest with the man with the missing wife. It was a very short, minor quest but I was surprised at how much care they put into it. 

Once I got to the bloody Baron questline, I fell in love.
    This is the truth
    That quest where you go into the diary storyland, is my favorite part of any game ever.
I've tried playing it like 5 times, every time I get about 2/3 hours into it and just stop playing.
    I can see why. After playing the game for the first time, going back it’s super hard for me to get past the novigrad section. Also I remembered hating the skellige islands because I hated boating so freaking much.
        Oddly enough it was in novigrad that I started to really like the game. Go figure.
    [deleted]
        Sounds like you haven’t played it right, played it long enough, or given it your full attention.
        You're like the Han Solo of the gaming community.
        I recall watching a documentary on Halo, and one of the developers said something along the lines of, “a game is not worth playing if you’re not having fun after five minutes.” I have more patience than that, especially with RPGs (and Halo is an FPS), but the general spirit resonates with me. Witcher 3 fell into the camp of simply taking way too long to become fun. Maybe it was the extended tutorial, the overloaded cut scenes, the clunky UI, or the unnecessary do-everything extra bits. Regardless, it felt like I had to do tons of work before I could actually play. I played about 10 hours before I finally admitted to myself that the Witcher 3 is not for me.
        That’s the same feeling I have with Fallout and Skyrim. I can’t get into them, they just aren’t fun. I liked the Witcher, but I totally understand if people couldn’t get into it. Not every game is for everyone.
        Well you probably just haven’t played it enough lol only half joking
        ya same. sunk 40 hours into it. did not get it. and I didn’t play it now either, I played a year after it came out.
    Same lol, I don’t skip dialogue either, those types of games are normally ones I love, just couldn’t enjoy it.
    I get very tired of constantly feeling the need to upgrade gear and get the right oils and eat the right berries or whatever. I just want to fight some monsters and have a few deductive quests. Getting into the weeds to optimize abilities isn’t a game, it’s just unrewarding work and an obstacle to fun.
        I beat the entire game on hard and never bothered with crafting any oil or bombs right until the very end. Lower the difficulty, the inventory prep part of the game is made mostly for the hardest diffuciltys to gain a little edge.
        Then play on easy... You don't need to really use that stuff unless on hard+
        If you ever decide to give it another go, just know that you can beat the highest difficulty with nothing but basic attacks. No oils or min/max needed.
        I ignored those without issue for like 95% of the entire game.
        Your sword has broken. 

Traipse back to the blacksmith for the ninetieth time.
            I used a mod to remove the durability system cause it just added a pointless tedious task lol
        Upgrading the gear in that game was better than most as they actually made them into lite quests instead of grinding.
    It took me like 5 hours to get into it the it just clicked how amazing it was
        Same, I started it several times. Then I got through the Bloody Barren quest line and made it to Novigrad, and fell in love. 

The world building, both visually and from a storytelling perspective, is phenomenal. Now I have like 400 hours logged in that game. Though it's not nearly as groundbreaking 9 years later, that world was bonkers when the game came out. And the incredibly well written side quests... Man, what a great game.
        Wasted about 50 hours of my life to play it, boring game with bad combat and even worse cringy story lines and side stories which mount up to nothing.

It is like reading a bad YA novel for the first time and claiming it to be a literary master work.
    A lot of people apparently experience this.

I played it for about 2 hours. Dropped it for a whole 2 years. I picked it up and committed to it and it is now may top 3 favorite games I've ever played. The beginning does start out slow. Not going to happen to everyone, but Ill be the first to discredit the opinion that people share in this thread that if you don't like it right away, then its not for you. 

It definitely took a break in period for me. Especially since at the time I came right off of playing Sekiro and the Witcher 3 had a FAAARRRR less satisfying combat.
Definitely an unpopular opinion, but I kind of agree. I've tried a few times to get into it and I can't. The combat mechanics are just terrible.
    The combat is just mindless and dumb. You can just use the exploding defense bubble that also heals you move for damn near everything. It's just a delay between cutscenes and story.
        I found pumping the difficulty up helped a lot with that, I imagine if you don’t side quest a lot and thus don’t over level it’s also more fun but I did end up pretty over levelled by the end anyway. I reckon it’s a balance thing more than anything else
            This^^ I started the game on "normal" and after I got hold of the combat I switched it up and up and up.
            There's "enemy upscaling" or whatever it's called that takes care of you being overlevelled, but at times will turn little threats (like rats) into demons of hell that cannot be killed.
            Tbh the combat is so basic even on max difficulty it was pretty easy to just spam dodge every time. I've beaten just about all the fromsoft games so maybe I'm just accustomed to more difficult dodge windows but it's extremely mindless regardless of difficulty for me. 

Also raising the difficulty really just made the enemies more spongey as far as I could tell. Went from 5 minutes of mindless dodging on easy to 15 minutes of mindless dodging on death march. Kinda don't see the point. 

Just play on whatever difficulty feels best for you. Higher difficulty just means you gotta spend more time with the clunky combat so there's no shame with easy. Imo this game needs a shitton of mods to be fun anyway.
I’m on this sinking ship with you 100%, OP 🫡
Yeah, it's pretty boring. I played it back in 2015 for about a day or two, and got bored of it. I revisited it this year, it's still boring. I'll give it another go five years later.
I've tried to play it 3 or 4 times at friends recommendations but the combat is actual ass and has no weight or difficulty to it
[removed]
    I do lmao, good callout
        😂😂 I had the same opinion and was hating hard for years, until I got diagnosed,and got the meds.
Now it’s in my top 5 games list.
            “Until I popped an adderal and played the shit out of it” lol I too have adhd
                lol,you killed me 😂😂🤣
                Dam, I got diagnosed last year. Welp, it's time to attempt the game again
            Medicated ADHD here. Still hate the witcher.
            So a free Witcher 3 copy added to these meds seems like nice marketing ploy 😁
            Fuck and this is how I find out? I always thought I did but now.. I tried witcher 3, 3 times. ~30 hrs each attempt. Can't get interested.
            Interesting, but just as many of the people that like it probably like it partially because their untreated ADHD made them hyper focused on it.
            Lol its funny how it can vary.  I have ADHD and love the Witcher 3, its the kind of game I can hyperfocus on for hours with or without meds.
            Now I need to check if I have ADHD. :(
            How do you get diagnosed adhd? What criteria has to be met?
        So you have an attention deficit and you’re surprised you don’t like a game that takes most people like 30 hours MINIMUM to beat?
        So what games do you play then? Do you need constant stimulation at all times?
    I have pretty severe adhd but enjoy games like Baldurs Gate and Mass Effect. Witcher 3 just ain't it.
        That’s fair,it’s not like disliking the Witcher 3 automatically mean having adhd,but in my case it did 😂
        Im sorry, you have adhd+
        Yeah, I've tried playing through Witcher 3. I started my playthrough back in 2019 or so and still haven't beat it. The thing is, I only play if I know I have several hours to sink into it, and that's not all that often lol. Plus I'm a completionist, and the world is honestly just too big for that - not to mention 75% of the rewards for exploring are bad treasure chests and repetitive bandit camps. 

I preferred Witcher 2 because it was much more linear so I could jump in for 30 minutes here or there and enjoy myself. Plus the open world was a lot more manageable and so it felt like more care was put into exploration and side quests
    [deleted]
        Na but it might be why,you don’t like slower paced games.
        Most open world games just aren't that good, theyre time sinks. I have ADHD and hate most open world games but I put 450 hours into RDR2 singleplayer so if the game is good enough it shouldn't matter
        Oh my god… this may make sense!!! I’m not a fan of open world games and love games people hate for being “hallway simulators” like FFXIII and KH2
        As someone with ADHD who has 200 hours in BG3 and has played RDR2 like 5 times by now and a bunch of other open world games….no. I think, at least for me, if the characters aren’t interesting enough I get bored extremely easily. To the point where it’s painful to continue playing. It’s why I couldn’t get through Horizon or Witcher 3. Protag and characters were boring as hell to me
Now that’s certainly an unpopular opinion. Take my upvote. Bravo.
    Do you… find the combat enjoyable? That is what stopped me. If I don’t have fun playing the game then I’m out. Idc how vast or interesting the story and world are.
        I found the combat to be god awful and it’s a big reason why I gave up both times I played the game.

 I’ll take it even further than OP though and say I hated Geralt as well. He was a douchey cringe lord and felt like he was written by a neckbeard.
Story is great. 

Graphics are great. 

Characters are great. 

Audio is great. 

Controls and combat are ass. 

7/10.
    And its those controls and combat I just can't get past.
        Can’t play something you don’t find fun and the combat makes it not fun.
        Yeah if the core mechanic of the game is bad, I can’t justify playing it, no matter how great the story or whatever may be.
            Yeah I agree. I get great stories from books or movies. I'm playing games to entertained by gameplay.
            I've read the books, some are great, others are not great. They all beat the game by miles tho.
        It just drags everything else down if the gameplay doesn’t hold up, whereas it’s much easier to excuse other aspects of a game being weaker if the gameplay holds up.
        Honestly I just set the difficulty to second easiest and play it for the story, combat is not good, but it can be fun if you just decimate everything. You never get 100% used to it tho
            That's fair, I just need to still enjoy it, and I never could.
                That's completely fair too, the most important part of video games is having fun
        That's exactly how I feel Witcher 3 *and* about Skyrim
        Geralt walks like a tank drives
    >Story is great.

The DLC's is great. The Baron stuff is great. Skellige stuff is great 


The Ciri stuff is not great. And everything about Novigrad sucks.
        Yeah, honestly, the main story straight up jumps the shark once you find Ciri.

1. Geralt's idea to fight the Wild Hunt in Kaer Morhen seems rather... suicidal. The Kaer Trolde castle would've been a way better location. And the flippin' Emperor of Nilfgaard is willing and able to use his own resources to save his daughter... but Geralt doesn't want one of his generals leading so he's like "Nah." And General Voorhis doesn't even seem like much of an asshole so what's the problem, exactly?
2. Plus, the battle itself had massive levels of plot armour. [At one point Geralt gets magically frozen... and the Wild Hunt walks right past him!](https://youtu.be/zHKbzyY_U3A?si=I3dCmvw29sYiN60M&t=609) WHY? Why not just slice his head off?
3. And the rest of the story feels kinda rushed. It has shit like alternate worlds and dimension-hopping but they feel like afterthoughts. We spend a few minutes going through a couple of ages from Myst and only spend 5 minutes in the elf dimension. Yay...
4. The Wild Hunt is caught in a trap thanks to a McGuffin that wasn't even mentioned before in any of the 3 games (the Sunstone). Man, and here I thought the Crucible from Mass Effect 3 was sloppy. But at least that got revealed at the beginning of the 3rd game, not the end. [Look how tiny its Wiki page is, despite its narrative importance.](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Sunstone)
5. And it's definitely not a good thing when your ending gives me Mass Effect 3 ending vibes. Ciri walking towards the White Frost and thinking about stuff is just too... Catalyst-y. And yeah - Ciri defeats climate change! (WHAAAAAT...) And I'm not even sure how. She just touches it, I guess.
    Download a mod that makes every combat Gwent battle.
10/10 game
    I think the controls and combats are fine. The weapon upgrading system is not really good though
    I enjoyed this game the first time I played it, and I was captivated start to finish. 

That said, when I tried to play it again some years later, I was reminded of some less stellar aspects of the game. The gameplay and movement really is just bad. Then on top of that, now that I've seen the story unfold before, the pacing of the missions you do to progress feels incredibly slow and tedious.

It's one of those games I can only play through once.
    So you are saying that as a movie it is great, as a game it sucks. I fully agree. They should have just made a movie instead.
    ...so over 50% of the game is ass?

Lists like this downplay the prevalence of the combat and controls. I'd say well over 50% of your time playing the game is spent fighting things and controlling your character. At that point how could it possibly be worth it?
    Story was written for them

Graphics were average for the time

Characters were written for them

Why is audio on this list lmao

Controls are ass

2/10
Bland world?? Damn, we definitely played different games.
    [removed]
        I saw those comments but I don’t get how they relate to his review of the game. Wouldn’t someone with ADHD be overwhelmed by this game? I don’t get how someone with ADHD finds the world bland and the exploration slow.
            I have monster ADHD. 

It makes things that are overwhelming feel boring because your brain doesn't want to go explore. It wants to follow to dopamine. 

Sure the writing in this 8 hour side quest is superb, but if I can't fight things for 7 1/2 out of the 8 hours of the quest It doesn't hold my attention. 

I love the game but it's just too slow for me to stay focused, so I just get bored.
        So do I and I still put 100+ hours into the game because the story is interesting and there are LOTS of side quests.
My wife wanted me to try it and I saw they updated the graphics so why not?

Yeah, it was boring. The moment I was doing a follow quest of a dead baby ghost I was like "meh"

Honestly it made me want to play Red Dead Redemption 2, again. 

Graphics better
Environment / open world better
Horse mechanics way better
Much more detail
Can I ask you how old are you and what other games you like? Just personal curiosity.
    23, i have a wide variety of game i enjoy, from RPGs to FPS to Racing, ive been playing a lot of baldurs gate recently, my most played game of all time is either skyrim, TF2, or minecraft
        Most people I know who've enjoyed Skyrim tell me they loved Witcher 3 as well so I guess we do have an unpopular opinion here.
            Ive been playing Skyrim since launch and still love it.

I've tried getting into witcher 3 at least 4 times and really didn't like it.. 

I don't think it's as unpopular as the fans think, but if you mention you don't like it, you get grilled, shamed, downvoted to oblivion, and told your OPINION is absolutely wrong..

 it gets old.. so a lot of us just choose not to say anything anymore 🤷‍♂️
            I am also one of them who loved Skyrim but didn't really get into Witcher 3. For me atmosphere is the biggest aspect in games and although W3 had some moments it never could reach the level of immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.
I am generally not an RPG fan so things like that are crucial for me to enjoy the game nevertheless.
                I have another potentially unpopular opinion in that I think geralt is really poorly voiced. The guy who does it just puts on a very monotonous "cool guy" voice. That doesn't really convey any character or bring any colour at all to the game. I was not able to create any sense of connection with such a lack of character which of course led to me not caring one jot about anything that happened to him. 

Notably also Skyrim doesn't have a voice actor for the dragon born, which I think is a very important difference and what makes Skyrim a true RPG and not an adventure story game. With no voice acting you are free to put your own voice to the character which allows you to create any personality that you wish. Whereas in the Witcher you are confined to just geralt, so you have less freedom to roleplay.
                    I think the monotone voice is actually meant to convey the fact Witchers are canoncially supposed to have dampened emotions from the mutations they've gone through. That being said every other Witcher we meet doesn't have quite this much monotone so it's not like it's consistent lol. I do think a weak point of the games is it expects you to have knowledge of Geralt's past to better empathize with him and his cause.
                        I can agree that it would make sense for him to be monotone, but in this case if you look at any other work that the voice actor for geralt has done, it's this exact same voice. I think he just lacks vocal range and expression. Even if the monotonous emotionally lacking kind of voice was the aim, I still think it was done poorly.
                            His German voice is basically doing the same. So it's most likely on purpose and fits for a guy who has basically seen everything and is supposed to be badass.
                    Tbh that sort of deadpan delivery really accentuates his witty, sarcastic dialogue.
                To be fair, a lot of TW3 world isn’t meant to be “dreamy” like Skyrim’s. I mean, not long after starting the game, you start seeing bodies hanging from trees - really helped to set the tone. There’s this area of TW3 map that I legit cannot go to because it makes me so uncomfortable. If I go there, I have to be quick and I fast travel to a town swarming with people right after to feel safe lol. 

Imo, TW3 is good at setting the atmosphere - it’s just not a very pleasant one sometimes. So unpleasant that I don’t want to stay there lol - which is still pretty immersive to me.

I’d LOVE to live in Skyrim. It’s beautiful most the time and dreamy. Novigrad? Velen? Hell no.
                    You are absolutely right and put it really well! Especially in the beginning there are a lot of darker things happening, spooky areas and weird characters appearing which isn't really what I need in games. Skyrim was far from 100% peaceful of course. But the quests rarely set specific tones or introduced striking characters. The tone was mostly set by the landscape and music.
                \>immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.

I am like on the absolute other spectrum of that opinion. Skyrim's quests, npcs and the depth of the world (things like npc ai, how combat plays out, the gameplay loop etc.) ruin the immersion and atmosphere of it so much for me that I can't help but see past how bare bones and shallow the game actually is when you look too close.

The world visually is amazing, and there's a draw to it when you're not actively playing because you think about all of those adventures you could be having but when the game's actually up I'm immediately reminded that is all in my head and the actual game has none of that and never had anything even close to what I envisioned.
                    Well I think for me weaknesses like that often even help the immersion cause it gives more space for fantasy. Witcher 3 indeed had more depth regarding quests and characters but then the game has way more control over what you perceive and in the end how you feel about it. On the other hand, Skyrim characters like Lydia were totally shallow but you could project so many things on her. 

It's partly the same idea as when you compare watching a movie or reading a book. With the latter one you basically set up a big part of the atmosphere by yourself which can help to feel more immersed although the actual perception is much more limited.
            For me it's because of the combat. Skyrim's combat isn't exactly compelling or anything, but it's also very inoffensive. It's simple enough that you don't really have to think about it, but casting a big flashy spell, lining up a headshot with a bow, or feeling your mace thud against the enemy's shield all still feel satisfying enough. It's great combat for a game that you play to relax and explore.

W3's combat is just... clunky. Massive step forward from 2, but still just not great. It's not terribly difficult, but it is complex enough that playing it just isn't relaxing like Skyrim is for me. There's also just not much variety in play styles. I tried a couple different builds but they never felt very different at all in practice. In Skyrim if you don't like the swordplay you can be a mage or an archer. Witcher has the crossbow and the signs, but you can't really make them your sole method of attack (not effectively anyway). It's designed to have your swords be your main plan of attack, so if you don't like the swordplay you're kinda sol.

The game has a great story and some fantastic characters and quests, but the combat just never felt good to me at any point. I pushed through to the end because I enjoyed the story and characters enough to want to see the whole story, but I have zero desire to ever play the game again because I don't enjoy the actual gameplay at all.
            2,000 hrs in Skyrim. Tried to get into Witcher 3 several times. They’re different games.
        >bland world, slow exploration, sloppy combat

If you liked Skyrim it strikes me really weird that you would be complaying about this of all things.  


No game is for everyone but W3 set a whole new level for what we expect from storytelling in games. Most exploration is optional so you can exactly as much as you like. I will admit that some parts of the main map could do with some condensing. The souther part could have been cut altogether more or less as it has no quests happening there anyway.   


As for combat. That one is average. Not the best ever, not the worst. But that is not where the magic of the game is. If you are after that, try Sekiro for example.
            [deleted]
            >W3 set a whole new level for what we expect from storytelling in games

Meh. Vice City, San Andreas, GTA IV, GTA V, RDR, Mass Effect 1-3, BioShock, BioShock Infinite, The Last of Us, Dragon Age: Origins, etc. are all games that predate Witcher 3 with significantly better storytelling.
            Its always funny to see people praise Witcher 3 for its storytelling when it is the third game of a saga that nobody has played in its entirety, and that doesnt even try to fullfill the "your actions have consequences" moto.

I am one of those who played witcher 1 and witcher 2 before the third one, and in terms of storytelling the second one destroys its sequel. Its a game with so many branches that different playthroughs are incredibly different, not only reskins of the same map. Helping the scoiatael gives you maps, plenty of missions and a whole ass story different from if you help the Blue stripes, as in if they were different games. Other games like Mass Effect  managed to maintain a consistent plot within all of their sequels, with many decisions in the first game having incredible effects in the saga´s end.

Witcher 3? It literally forgets every decision you have made up until the third part, and basically starts a new plot out of nowhere with Ciri just to grab even  more public. It is not  a bad game, and its plot is good, but it is weird seeing people praise a game that basically shits on the people that have been playing the saga for years.
        [deleted]
I feel it's an amazing game that just feels like shit to move around in. I *hate* the movement so much.
The combat is a fart but the rest is alright
I too went into the game with high expectation from all the praise and was vastly disappointed.

The combat was so clunky, the menus and items were confusing.. had no fun.
Combat is a core feature of the game. And it’s easily the worst feature of the game. That’s why I just don’t rate it very highly.
I think it's shit too.
I agree with you.

I downloaded while it was on sale this summer and I tried on 4 separate occasions to get into it. 

It just did not enjoy it at all. It just felt like a major chore every time I had to play. 

It just isn’t for me. The number one thing that irked me was the controls. Everything is so clunky in combat or just regular exploration.
how dare you.

Have my upvote
People kept telling me this game was better than skyrim. More serious, better gameplay- when i tried it and i did try twice-i got stuck ironically on the conversations, cause unlike skyrim in witcher 3 your answers affects the story so you cant just skip past it and read the questlog if you dont feel like pretending to care. In witcher it feels like every 5 minutes i get stuck listening to some npc telling you his entire live story for 10 minutes.

Vanilla skyrim might not be the best game ever made- modded it definetly is, fight me cause you can make the game into what you want. But its still more enjoyable than witcher, because i feel like i can actually play my game with my character, instead of playing in the world of witcher as geralt who is a witcher. And i can replay it as someone completly else, play a completly diffrent game.

Meh, i felt like witcher was honestly going to be interesting but i just cant get into it. Its just not worth playing to experience the story and shit.
"I have no idea what people see in this game."

"it has good graphics (for its time) and a somewhat compelling story"

bruh
    Good graphics and a story does not make a good game, alone. If the combat sucks ass, which Witcher 3 does, then the game falls flat for me. I'm not OP, but I prefer the HOW over the WHY. 

I don't care WHY I have to kill the big bad thing, I only care HOW I get to kill the big bad thing, and The Witcher 3 gives you 2 swords to choose from, a crossbow, and some magic. That's extremely underwhelming after having played games like Dark Souls, Elden Ring, Dragon's Dogma, or even Remnant From the Ashes. 

But, I'm the type who doesn't care about story, so I understand I might be in the minority.
I'm in fucking Bizarro land. Now the Witcher 3 is bad?
    No, you're in unpopular opinion sub.
    It's just a vocal minority . . . This is why critical thinking should be a mandatory class in high school. People read a thread with a few people and think the whole world has flipped.
    No you’re literally in the exact sub where this opinion makes sense. I’m extremely confused about your confusion
    Always was.
    Always has been.
    It is bad.
    It was boring AF for me, and I love RPGs.
    Combat is genuinely not a very engaging system. Controls in general can be very clunky.

These two things is enough for a lot of people to drop a game, no matter how awesome the narrative and audiovisual stuff is.
    Yes. And I’m tired of pretending it’s not.
    There’s a new thread every week just like this lol. It’s just the “cool thing” to do now, to say Witcher is bad.
    Some people always thought W3 was bad, they just never spoke about it much since dealing with the fucking fanatics that thinks the game is a 11/10 masterpiece is too troublesome to deal with.
Jesus finally an unpopular opinion
I definitely feel you on this. My first playthrough, I agreed with all your points. I did beat the game, but none of it really landed as a newcomer to the franchise. Good writing but mediocre gameplay, messy UI, wonky and longwinded storytelling. 

After dropping it, I watched the show and started reading the books and eventually went back to the game with a better understanding of the characters and setting. Very different experience. I liked how much space the story had to breathe and Geralt's character is perfectly captured. The combat is very simple, but Geralt isn't a character who leaps ten feet in the air and sends a shockwave when he lands. He's a swordsman with enhanced senses who twirls out of the way and counters. The combat has nothing on God of War or any decent action game, but that's the point. He's not a flashy warrior like the mages in the story, but he gets the job done.
    There are plenty of games where the PC has zero powers that have more engaging combat, and good combat in a video game is not defined by flashy moves. Geralt being more of a low-power character is a poor excuse for sub-par combat. I don't hate the game, but you have to admit that the combat is underwhelming because they failed to make it interesting, not because they intentionally designed it that way because of who Geralt is as a character. They didn't decide to make it to be boring just because Geralt can't go super saiyan.
Mediocre compared to what game? 

Did you play the first two games?
    "The other games in the series suck even more" isn't a great defense of the game.  Lol
        I actually like AoK *way* more than WH to the point where I fucking hate WH and will never even play it a second time because it was that much of a disappointment to me.
    mediocre compared to other games with hype surrounding them, I have never heard of a game getting more hype than the witcher 3 did, except for maybe minecraft
    Story-wise (as the main story) w3 is mediocre compared to the first two.
Refreshing to see a truly unpopular opinion here. Witcher 3 is breathtaking. Add in the DLCs and it is without a doubt the best game I have ever played.
    I resisted playing it for years, since I assumed I wouldn't like it. I watched various gameplay videos and it seemed too story and dialog heavy, linear, and probably boring. I had bought it super cheap on some Steam sale many years prior, but never installed it.

I don't know what happened, but I decided to finally give it a go about a year ago, and it's great. The story and writing are a step above most games, and it is overall executed pretty well. There are some QOL issues, especially related to controls. It's not a perfect game and I feel it is a bit overhyped. I'd give it a 8/10 still.
I mean genuinely genuinely the gameplay Is mediocre. The story is good but man the rpg and action elements are really meh
the only saving grace of the game was its story. every other aspect was mid at best and so I logically thought "oh well I'll go read the stories and only get the good parts" nah, the books are also trash
I got it for free but id pay someone to take it off my hands. Kinda ass
You are not alone pall
agree with both the opinion and with it being unpopular. It's a very elaborate chore simulator, it's like having a job but having to pay money for it while also not having any of the fun parts like good combat.

It's like someone tried to make a daily commute simulator instead of Gran Turismo and to make it "fun" they used a fantasy background. Now I can enjoy riding my mule cart to the market and back every day!
i stopped gaming years ago but always wanted to play the witcher 3 just because of the movie like trailers, so i bought the game as a last hurra and well i only managed to play like a couple hours because how bad it was, im glad it was so anticlimatic made quitring gamimg for ever very easy.
I agree. I've gotten to skellige twice and the will to play leaves me.
You know what you're right, the only reason I put so many hours into 2 play throughs is because I modded the crap out of it to fix all the things I didn't like about it, which admittedly was a lot, especially the god awful combat and looting systems.
I agree.  The plot for 3/4 of the game is literally "your princess is in another castle."  The combat is atrocious.  The items are atrocious.  The skills/spells are atrocious.  If it was founded on an actual fun game it would be great, but it's not.
I love how people lose their shit when you tell them you didn’t like this game. I’ve installed it several times but damn, I cannot get into it.
Found the game boring as well. I stopped playing after the baron mission with the dead baby
Imo gameplay/mechanics is by far the single most important aspect of a game. I don't think that's an unpopular opinion.

With that in consideration, The Witcher 3 has never once appealed to me.
I've never played in such a lifeless open world
it's funny when you see people who like the game flat-out admitting that the gameplay is bad but they give it a pass because they like the story so much
Yeah I strongly dislike the Witcher 3. Controls and actual gameplay are beyond unfun, they are straight up painful. Riding a horse is terrible. The minimap pulls your attention while traveling. The big map is just a checklist of places of interest. The combat is terrible. The skills and perks are bland. The main story is boring and makes you play as Ciri too often instead of the Geralt who you invest all this time building out. 

Side characters and atmosphere are great.

3/10. Mediocre.
Finally someone said it. It's a mediocre Open-World game that happens to have a good story.
I actually loved the world of the Witcher 3 and the stories was pretty decent.  But yeah I agree, the gameplay was so ass that I couldn’t finish it.
I think W3 is a great game for what it is but personally, I didn't like it much. 

The combat feels clunky. Didn't like it. 

The story is well written, yes, but it is poorly structured. If you write down the acts and turning points you'll notice that you are basically doing X for the first half of the game and after you've done that... you do X again. To me that felt like a huge oversight and it was one of the worst structures for a AAA story in the last decade. Playing two characters didn't really add much storywise imo and was gimmicky.

It suffers from what most recent AAA games suffer from: too much content for the sake of content and content that is just there for easy dopamine kicks. Like chests everywhere. I have the same issue with seeds in Zelda or Assassins Creeds various collectibles. You are basically just upping a number, a percentage and are supposed to feel good about it. I felt good about it for a few years (when I was in my early 20s). But after dozens of games with that kind of content I became aware of what is actually happening. I just became addicted to a mechanic that doesn't offer anything, really. It's a dealbreaker for me now and the reason why I stopped TOTK after a dozen hours or so. TOTK was especially bad in that regard. The way you can take pictures of things was so weird. It tried too hard to make me play like a completionist. And playing like a completionist is not fun in my opinion, it's compulsive. Recent games are making a big effort to trigger a compulsive style of playing imo. I think modern games are doing a lot of things wrong that are actually hurting the experience and sometimes I feel like I have to put a lot of energy into not succumbing to hostile game design to still enjoy a game. 

Another thing W3 suffers from is how you are glued to the mini map. You got this great looking world with so much detail but basically, you are just looking at this small minimap most of the time and run towards a marker on it to get the next chest or sidequest or whatever. While I don't like TOTK, Zelda is so much better in this regard because you are actively scanning the main world view to then create markers on your map. And exploration takes place mostly in the main world view and not on the map. 

What W3 did really, really well though: atmosphere, Gwent, setting and some side quests were really well written. That's why I kept playing W3. 

But in the end, the game just fell flat for me. I respect it for what it is and I can see why people love it but it's not for me. Most recent AAA games are not for me, unfortunately. I'd love to love games like TOTK but they are so formulaic and shallow  and repetitive and they make progression through the game feel like work. There are still games like BG3 or a ton of indie games that are not like this, fortunately, but in general, I'm not really of a fun of developments in AAA games recently. It's a me thing though and I respect anyone who thinks W3 or TOTK are great games because I can see that they are.
Take my upvote, and invest it into taste.
    Gerald is a lame duck.
Burn him in the eternal flame!
Disagree

People love it because it resembles quite a few aspects of Game of Thrones, whilst also having a whole bunch of details and a cool world

Theres so many details like npcs discussing locations on the map that you can go loot or explore, every npc actually doing what they say they will do (eg like the scholar from the start of the 3rd game, you can find his dead body next to the dead mans tree with his boots missing)

The story has lots of moving parts and is pretty decently written, being as simple or as deep as you want it

As for the world, its a medieval setting where you play as a guy with 2 swords and kill big monsters, don't really have to go into this point, its just a cool setting 

What most people mean when they say they don't particularly like W3 is the slower pacing at the start and the gameplay, which is fair since the gameplay is serviceable at best and clunky often but dismissing everything else is the equivalent of saying you don't like pizza because you had a pizza one time with a topping you disliked

And the pacing is also a problem with sections like White Orchard, you have to draw people in with the beginning so having pretty chill, slow sections aren't ideal but by the middle of the game, this is rectified

Theres very valid reasons why it is one of the best selling games around like i mentioned above, with approximately 50m sales
    It’s a great selling game because it’s a game for non-gamers
    The game is extremely over hyped, and I say that as an avid lover of Cyberpunk, Fallout NV, BG3, Elden Ring, ME1-3, Dragon Age, and way more. I struggle to remember any game as disappointing when compared to its hype as the witcher 3 was.
    To use a pizza analogy, the Witcher 3 is to gaming what Pizza Bagels are to *an actual* Pizza. 

The amount of folks that will in the same breath say “Yeah, the first 10-20 hours aren’t that good. Oh, and the combat is mid at best” *and* “10/10, will never be topped” just blows my mind. 

It’s a 7 out of 10 game. The *actual gameplay* parts aren’t good. I’d also argue the story is massively overrated, but that’s so against the consensus that I’ll just give in and say it has a perfect story. But a 10/10 story and 5/10 gameplay *does not* make a 10/10 game. 

Also, for all the folks that love it but admit the combat is mediocre…how many hours of your life have you dedicated to that combat?  The actual story is, what, 10-20 hours of the total game?  Folks compare Witcher 3 to a good show with a bad first season, but as far as time invested is concerned, it’s more like watching 10 seasons so that the awesome 11th season makes sense.
Everything is great about the game except one thing, the gameplay, the gameplay sucks so bad lmao
I wouldn't say mediocre, but if you want to say it's overhyped/overrated that's okay.

The world is massive and beautiful, and it's full of tons of random monsters and side quests that genuinely do a good job of telling unique stories instead of Skyrim's 'run and fetch this' quest 400 times over. The graphics are wonderful for a game that came out just a few years after Skyrim, which in retrospect do not hold up well. Idk what you're smoking that you think the graphics aren't good but it absolutely looks great even by today's standards. 

Slow exploration isn't really that accurate as you're capable of travelling the entire map with the exception of some small islands on horseback with is faster than most open world travel options, and they have the ability to use fast travel.

The combat isn't sloppy imo, it's more challenging, but I wouldn't say sloppy. I think that we've gotten too used to easy fighting mechanics where one style always beats out even if it isn't the best option. In the Witcher, you have to build out your weapons and fighting style to match your opponents rather than trying to force one fighting style because it's too overpowered, and that's something I think a lot of modern games lack.

The 'find ciri' quest is the main story line, if it took less than 10 hours in an open world RPG, I'd have a massive problem with that.
Thank god someone finally said this, it’s not an awful game but considering the hype it gets and the expectations you have going in it’s just thoroughly disappointing.
    I just dont get the appeal, all the witcher fans are just crying about their game getting criticism instead of highlighting why its good, it just reinforces my views on it.
        Huge Witcher fan here. I can agree that it gets more praise than it deserved, but it was very revolutionary in video game writing.

I think the game drags after Novigrad really hard. But the quest design and variety of choice was better than any game at the time. It harkened back to the iso RPGs quest structure. They were the first to be able to really make that happen for a AAA game and it sell well.

It’s because of Witcher 3 that developers started to have a hard time with the “no one likes single player games” bs they were pushing and made long well fleshed out side quests a thing everyone wanted to copy.

But yeah valid criticisms for sure but it did a lot of amazing things for game design.
            When I finally looked up what I was missing if I picked other choices, I wasn't missing much.

I was told choices mattered.  And I guess some minor characters dieing can be big if you liked the world but I was hoping for story breaking King's Quest level bad choices.

I was disappointed.
Correct sub! Dogshit opinion. Have an upvote lol
I liked it on my first play through. Last weekend I went to replay it and after 20 minutes thought “I’m not doing all this slog through again. Combat is even sloppy.”
Ugh, shit was downright boring af.  I played it for a few days and put it down. I couldn’t do it 😴😴
I didn’t like it either on my first time playing it and shelved it for about a year until I had nothing to play. Gave it a second shot and I am so glad I did. Really good game.
    I tried getting into it twice, and with how many good games were released this year i dont see myself ever trying it again.
100% agree
I sunk plenty of hours into to this game l. Assuring myself that I would enjoying eventually and never did. Although I did enjoy the card game I'm ot haha
Well said
It's ok. Not the masterpiece people tell it to be, at least gameplay wise
I love these types of games and I 100% agree. Witcher 3 did not do it for me and no matter what I cannot force myself to play or enjoy it for very long
Totally with you OP... I just couldn't get into it...
That is literally the game. Going town to town to town and Geralt saying “where’s ciri” and the dude he asking being like “I’ll only tell you if you go slay these drowners” after which he says “she went towards novegrad” or whatever and then you go there and ask someone and it basically repeats. 
Idk how the Witcher got so much praise, and an objectively better game like cyberpunk got shit I’m so hard
So, W3 is undoubtedly amazing in its scope and what it accomplishes with a massive world, dozens of well-rounded characters, an unbelievable number of fully-fleshed side quests, and a ton of lore. 

That said, when I finally beat the game, I found myself hella relieved, and now I never want to go back to play it again. So while I wouldn't say it's mediocre, I get why some people wouldn't like it. Despite its beauty and everything it accomplishes, it can still feel pretty tedious at times, especially the main questline. Many of the side quests were better than the main Ciri fetch quest for sure.
I am interested in your train of thought because this might be the best unpopular opinion I've ever seen.

On the other hand, what game do you have in your top spot?
When “I’m a trolling tool” tries to meet “actual unpopular opinion”.

You have no idea what people see in the game? Have you never even been a person?

This is a bad troll.
the Witcher 3 is my favorite game of all time (may be beaten by BG3 now but idk yet). i understand not enjoying the game because of the mechanics (the combat really isn’t the best). but to call the world “bland”? this offended me. upvoted for being unpopular and wrong.
“Sloppy combat” 

Skill issue
The Best moments in witcher aren't the big fights, or the combat, or the setpiece moments.

It's that revelation when you put 2 and 2 together at times like the baron and his wife. When you return to caer morhen and have a snowball fight with ciri. When a past decision come back and bites you with ramifications, like trying to get away with banging both yen and triss.

Witcher 3 isn't amazing in its moment to moment combat, though it is competent enough. there are better rpg systems, better swordplay, better open worlds to explore. But it is VERY good at immersing you in a rich, deep world with amazing characters. And that's worth a hell of a lot, to those who can enjoy it like a fine cognac, despite its flaws.
Very dumb, unpopular opinion. Well done.
Oh hell no. These are foghting words its my fave game.
why do people upvote shit like this? it's not a valid opinion if you insult people who have the opposite opinion imo.
The combat system is great, the sound design is exceptional, the graphics are beautiful, the game is full of complex characters with different personalities and goals, each and every secondary quests is interesting, with a real backstory with little details to explore, far from those unbearable lazy FedEx quests, Gwent is insanely funny and captivating, the bestiary is varied. All of this takes more than 80 hours to be fully explored and completed. And the cherry on the cake : the two DLCs are close to be the only real DLCs in this world. They bring a whole new story with new places to explore, new characters and 40+ hours of gameplay, as thrilling, if not more, as the original game. They're DLCs though so I would understand that you don't wanna consider them part of your opinion.
This is definitely an unpopular opinion but cant be genuine. The fact they write genuine doesn’t mean it is. You have to have half a brain, missing eyes, and ears plugged in order to say Witcher 3 was a bad game.
    You are also racist and antisemitic if you think the Witcher is a bad game
You are wrong.
Yeah this is just dumb
Finaly someone with an unpopular opinion. I am really mad because of it, but I can respect that.:D
I have played this game every year since it came out and I'm not even ashamed of that fact. 

Delete this or we will have to take this outside. 😡
I can appreciate how people can find it too clunky. But the game overall is an incredible masterpiece of story and world building.
Just because you don't like a game, doesn't mean it's mediocre. I think RDR2 is boring as hell, but I can acknowledge that it's an amazing game that is just not for me.
I think the problem is that some people don't have a very good attention span, if its not instantly gratifying then its not worth ur time
Not liking the main quest is understandable. But I'm not sure how you find the world bland or uninteresting. My playthroughs of this game usually involve doing everything but the main quest until I absolutely need to.

Though a (potentially) unpopular opinion I might have is that the Witcher 2 was significantly better than Witcher 3.
while were at it... skyrim, fallout, starfield, rdr1/2, botw/totk,mario odyssey, persona/smt, and pokemon. 

all boring ass games. with stories ranging from bad to mediocre, gameplay that ranges from mindless to just ok, all praised in general by the gaming community as "must play" over hyped games.

if anything i think skyrim and rdr are more over hyped and bad games than the witcher 3
Honey is not made for the donkey's mouth.
An actual unpopular opinion? In this sub? You gotta be kidding me. I fully disagree but hell, isn’t that refreshing when someone uses the sub as intended?
You not liking the game is an opinion, and that's fine.

You calling people deluded for liking it while you're in a small minority with that is just being a jackass.
This is bait
The Witcher 3 is one of the ONLY story games that has ever fully emerged me into it. I finished 2 full play throughs, one with all dlc. Amazing game in my eyes.

This guys post sums up how I feel about RDR2 though and everyone else seems to love it
Unpopular alright. The story is amazing so thats really where the games overall rating comes from in people's minds. The combat and other aspects of the game are just barely above average.
It's extra funny because like the only thing you complimented is the graphics "for their time" when the game had a recent graphical overhaul.

Anyway, your brain damage is within the purpose of this sub, so, upvote!
Well, this is an unpopular opinion for a reason. The Witcher 3 has an amazing story, incredible characters, outstanding side quests, and at least in my opinion, engaging combat. Calling people deluded for liking the game is crazy.
It is a bit overrated, sure. But I'm still feeling the same way about you I do when I see someone cook steaks well done and drowned in steak sauce.

You just... Enjoy your own tastes. Over there.
[deleted]
    >  The game has been voted as the best game in the history of gaming

This has never happened. 

Ever.
    No it has not. Where did you see it was voted as number one? And this is coming from someone who LOVES the game. I liked it so much I stopped playing for a year because I was sad about finishing it. Sorry I’m on your side but I just had to respond to that, it is not number one. Maybe top thirty cause remember there’s a lot of dope games to go through.
Its stupid bait
    I’m a pretty informed and avid gamer of many years (lol). I am also not much of an edgy critic by any means.  But dead serious I kinda feel the same way as the guy who posted.  Like I don’t feel as strongly as he does, but there have been 3 instances where I have really tried to commit to playing this game and liking it, but to this day I have still never finished it and I feel like I probably only ever got like 40% through (maybe).

Like I didn’t hate it, I thought it was cool and obviously a well made game and good lore, but something about the game was just such a slog for me.
        I think for me it just... i don't know how to explain it, it physically felt bad to play? Like the inventory system being a game of tetris is the most annoying thing ever, movement felt off, battles felt clunky. It's the first game I picked up where i just didn't like the whole feel of the gameplay. Except Gwent. Gwent rules.
            They could have just released a game where you roam the world and battle people for gwent cards and I would play the fuck out of that game.
                They did....it's called ThroneBreaker
            I feel exactly the same way. First off, I was an avid fan and read all the books and played the first two games so to go into the game with a npc leveling system was kinda annoying. Geralt at this point is a fucking boss and it felt lame to not be there.

Second, I went back around a year ago to try to play it since beating it from when it first launched and it was hard to play. It seemed clunky and repetitive in the combat and i didn’t really look forward to the fights. Witcher 2 had it’s flaws but the hardest mode made it feel like you were an actual witcher because you either had to truly prepare for your fight or actually be phenomenal at combat. Witcher 3’s combat got old.

The story was still awesome and I enjoyed the game overall but I don’t think it ages well like I had envisioned in my mind. And plus gwent. Gwent rules.
            Have you played it since the ps5 update? Combat is so much smoother now; it doesn't feel nearly as clunky.
                nope, don't have a ps5, but i'm happy to hear it!
            yeah i tried 3 or 4 times to get invested, the closest I got was my first playthrough where I ended up getting obsessed with gwent and playing just that game for 10-20 hours, then realizing I had no idea what to do next or who anybody even is, and quit. Beautiful, impressive, clunky game...
            I'm convinced you didn't play either of the first 2 games. It was night and day compared to those.
            I’m so glad other people feel this way. I felt the same way when I played it. It just felt like a grind, I really didn’t understand all the hype around it. The concept is awesome, the show is great, but the experience of playing it was mediocre at best.
            The gameplay was a 3/10 and boring at best, clunky at worst while the story was pretty good once you got into it. The other builds besides using swords were just "press 1 button, kill every thing" with bombs or Ignis while using swords was just keep spamming the fast dodge and spam light or heavy attacks when it was safe.

Ciri's gameplay was kind of fun though having abilities.
            Yeah I don’t get why nobody talks about it. The combat system just feels so off
            This entirely. It just was doing too much in the inventory and potion and crafting menus that, while it would be possible to make sense of it, it wasn’t intuitive or fun. The combat was alright, and the main character is cool. But I just straight up didn’t vibe with actively playing the game
            I've tried to pick it up twice, but the general movement/feel of combat killed all desire for me both times.  It seems to have a more realistic momentum-ish feeling (takes time to stop/change direction) but it's just so rough for a fast-paced action game.  Makes all of your inputs feel bogged down and delayed.

It sucks because story/lore wise, it's very interesting, but it feels awful even to run around in.
            My unpopular opinion was I hated Gwent and just didn’t get it.
        I looooved the game but maybe got 60% maybe 70% and never picked it back up got bored plus the main quest line seemed never ending but fuck I loved that game
            I've never played an RPG game like this (just generally, never really played roaming RPGs like that).

One of my favourite games ever.
            I remember being 60 hours in and thinking I was about to beat the game lmfao. Still my favorite game ever made to this day.
        Have to say it's the same for me.

Three times I have restarted and replayed. First I stopped when you get past the first map (tutorial area) 

Second time when I got to the big town and found they were burning someone alive.

And the last time when I got to ard skellige.  

Each time it was years before I tried it again

I love the LOOK of the world. But...for some reason, I keep running out of interest in playing.

My last play finished about six months ago. Since then I've moved on to Elden ring and bg 3. I've stopped playing bg3 now and gone back to Elden ring, which is absolutely mesmerising. 

Why doesnt witcher 3 feel this way? What's missing from it? I can;t quite work it out..on the surface, this should be the perfect game for me. Beautiful, runs decently, rpg, first person.

Maybe...it's just too horrible in some places. too real.
            For me it’s the combat system. It feels kinda janky
                It’s the dodging for me, it’s like dodge dodge hit 3 times dodge dodge dodge hit 3 times. 

Tried a spell run but it’s the same just with longer intervals even on hardest settings
                    I love the game but I agree, the combat system is a bit boring, even on legendary (orwhatever that mode is called). There were only a few boss fights that were vaguely difficult.
                The combat is super janky.  They tried to do an action combat thing, but your spells are mediocre, your sword swings don't feel weighty at all, and dodging doesn't work half the time
                A lot of people have said that. I have to say it isn;t a lot of fun, especially compared to something like elden ring.
                    I completely agree. I don’t understand how some people can like the combat in the Witcher but good for them I guess
                It felt extremely polished compared to the first 2 games imo
            BG3 is great fr. Love how if you want to see everything you have to do multiple playthroughs
            A lot of people don’t like being tortured by a video game. Elden Ring is a game where you play against yourself, the Witcher you play because being a hero is fun.
            Yeah sounds like you’re just put off from the racism and stuff that happens in the game.
            I'll tell you what's missing. The same thing that's missing from Skyrim. Good gameplay. These games appeal to people for whom story and role play are the focus.

On the other hand I loved Elden Ring. That game is everything those other games aren't.
                Poorly written?
                I couldn't get into Skyrim
            Gotta agree, I feel that there is a minimum reading comprehension level that is required to actually enjoy the gameplay, and also only made it about 40%-50%.
            Everyone's different I think Witcher 3 and RDR2 are generational games where as turn based and another dark souls roll and slash game just do nothing for me at all
        Same here. I've even bought the game for three different platforms. I've gotten about 10 hours or so in when I generally lose interest. I read the books. I love the setting. I think the writing  and voicework in the game are brilliant. It's even my favorite genre, but the gameplay has just never clicked for me.
            Yeah I even finished it and loved witcher 2. But it was a slog to finish 3.
        I’ve read all the books and played the first two games, and find the Witcher 3 kinda mid.  I’ve never even finished it, I have quite a bit of time played on it and remember almost nothing from it.
        Always thought there's something wrong with me and that I didn't really click with this game. I kept thinking everyone else says it's the best game ever but I'm just wondering around the bushes with my horse not really that impressed with anything.
        I agree. There are certain elements of the game and plot that I liked but for the most part I wasn’t really engaged for the vast majority of the game. The Blood and Wine DLC was good though; I actually throughly enjoyed that storyline.
        I have 11 hours in the game. Also think it's boring. Now at 60 in rdr2 and think it will get more.
        Yep, right there with you. I've tried a few times to get into but damn the gameplay is just so... Uncompelling
        Same here. The combat never looked enticing to me. The world looks cool and the dialogue looked fantastic. But just seeing my friend play the game I knew it wasn’t for me. I can only do the type of combat so much. Between assassins creed black flag and Batman games - kinda just over it . Reminds me of Zelda combat (keep in mind I loved the Zelda games on n64)
        I came from a pretty hard Dark souls games binge and was told I would like this. 

I fucking hated it. It felt like some bastardized MHW meets Dark souls. 

I cannot stand spending half of a fight paused figuring out oils and spells and whatnot.
        I’ve had pretty much the exact same experience.

For me, my theory is that I don’t like playing as Geralt. He’s not friendly or kind, he grunts a lot, has deadpan responses, and the premise is he doesn’t help people for free.

I tend to like to play more altruistic / paladin-like characters, that are selfless and help people not for money but because it’s right. That do incredible things for people that really have no other way. For example, helping citizens in KOTOR or doing some good in Fallout 3.

I think the #1 thing I miss of earlier RPG’s is the karma system, like Mass Effect, Fallout, etc. I used to do everything I could crank that to good. 

Anyway that’s my theory.
        That's me in breath of the wild and now tears of the kingdom. I just can't. I get so bored after a few sessions and quit.
        I'm the exact same way. I really gave this game a try, multiple times. I'd get maybe 10 - 20 hours and just lose the will to keep going
        I think awkward movement and clunky combat are things that definitely should not just be forgiven. They get a pass on it because they were both miles ahead of the previous Witcher games while still being miles behind the competition. The controls and how they feel are your first connection to the game and when those are off the entire thing is off.

I still highly believe that half of the reason it even got attention was horny teenagers and pre-teens getting to see tits. That's the only way the "10/10" game that you experience through very poor controls and combat that are miles behind the competition holds that score.
        i am the exact same way
        This is exactly how I feel about RDR2.  I respect the love but do not share it.  Clearly a well, made game that people rave about. But... so...boring... I've tried 3 times and just can't.

Obviously, some great games don't connect with certain people for some reason.
        I tried to play the game a few times when it first came out and thought it was ok but also never really got that far into it. I decided to try it again about a year ago when I got the dlcs on sale but I played at the hardest difficulty and it felt a lot better. Like you actually have to prepare for fights and use oils and potions and stuff, I had a lot of fun with it that time. I even bought the other 2 because your choices are supposed to carry through all of them but the gameplay on the first 2 is probly the worst of any game I've personally played.
        Can't say I blame you. It took me a bunch of tries to even get into it, I just didn't get it at first, I'd start playing it then give up and move on to something else. Then I'd do it all over again. Eventually, I decided to give it one more try and for whatever reason, that was when it hooked me. And I mean it, I fell in love with it completely. I've put hundreds of hours into it at this point.
        40% is about the furthest I’ve made it, too, and that was forcing myself. I just cannot get into the game no matter how I try…and I *do* try. I revisit it now and again to see if maybe my tastes have changed but alas…I find it to be a slog.
        I've done White Orchard 4 times and I always end up losing interest in the game. I loved the Witcher 2 and couldn't put it down. I kinda feel a lot of what OP said - Witcher 3 not bad, but it's dreary and the combat is a chore. I usually put it down because there's something else I'd rather play.
        Ill be honest. I loved it the first time after I really got settled in... But...even after the ps5 upgrade I installed, I never play it. Tried it for about 5 minutes then flipped it off and went to Nioh 2.
        100% agreed, I played the game 3 times but couldn't finish it. Story was OK but the gameplay and mechanics just wasn't for me either.
        I have had this game on my computer for 5 years, I play it for 2 hours every 6 months and try to make myself like it.
        Honestly I wish it had more masterfully designed quests like "devil by the well"
Which was a great early game quest that introduced mechanics, had a great story, and showed the world has more going on than it initially appears.
        The story and quests with the Baron was great and probably carried the rest of the game. Everything else was kinda generic RPG and adequate. I had a very hard time finishing the game to because it got pretty boring..
        I agree. "slog" is a good descriptor. I had a fun with the Witcher 3 but I did not enjoy it anywhere *near* as much as most people seem to have. I agree with a lot of what OP says.

I definitely got my moneys worth. However, I will likely never play it again.
    [removed]
        Same for me. My husband recommended I try it bc Skyrim was one of my favourite games of all time but I just didn’t like it. I don’t think it’s so unbelievable that not everyone likes something, even if it’s popular lol
            The Witcher 3 is my favorite game of all time. I also have ADHD and can't stand watching cutscenes, so I skip all of them. I have no idea what the story is about after playing it from start to finish three times. Also, Gwent is fun as fuck.
                How can you not have the attention to follow the story but have the attention to do gwent?
                    ADHD is a bit of a misnomer. I feel it as an over abundance of attention, just extremely difficult to direct.
                        High focus laser beam that never turns off, however it is..manageable with meds, I have adhd and I actually somewhat enjoyed it? But it did not leave a big impression on me like outer worlds, Also the combat is kinda bland.
                    Gwent is kind of strategic if you're paying with good cards, and it can feel very engaging, the cit scenes can be hit or miss, and with adhd boredom is your worst enemy
                        Bro monster decks are like cocaine when you get a good hand
                        Fair enough. Thanks for sharing your perspective. I enjoyed the story but have barely touched gwent in my two playthroughs.
                            That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
                    Once you set up your deck gwent really doesn't take much attention.

My monster bois crushed anyone no matter what card I put on the table 9 times out of 10.
                This is the only thing I take away from these types of posts.

So fine you didn't like something a lot of people like. Different strokes.

But get off the conceit that everybody else is wrong and "deluding" themselves somehow.

Video gaming is very much like tv or music. There are no right or wrong answers. Just taste/opinions.
                    I swear most debates about whether gaming or movies are good/bad are just people who liked something and can't admit it wasn't that good or people who hated it and can't admit it wasn't that bad.

I can have some pretty outrageous tastes but it's not that difficult to accept that it's just that.

I can give my opinion as fact though, especially when others are doing it, it really gets them riled up.
                    Yeah I agree. It's the contempt and victim mentality and that everyone else is wrong that makes this a shit post
                Dude, there's narration recapping the story every time you load the game. 

IN DETAIL
                Witcher 3 definitely just became the gwent game for me. Like, I was just doing main quests to unlock more maps and then potentially more gwent opponents lol
                I watched all the cutscenes and I still had no idea what the story was after playing it.
                    The story is Find girl.
                        save the cheerleader, save the world
                            WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
                        The story is play Gwent.
                            ^
                    That's pretty embarrassing
                I’m 50/50 on cutscenes. My fav game genre is JRPGs and they notoriously have a lot of cutscenes and usually not the most exciting combat, the story is what gets me. The thing is there’s a fine balance of how much cut scene is too much. And sometimes on repeat play throughs I’ll just skip through them.

I don’t remember the Witcher 3 having a lot of cut scenes after the tutorial but I also didn’t get super far into the story. I got sidetracked during the main quest and stopped to pick flowers at some point on my way to see Yennefer lol
                Gwent was the only fun thing about the entire game
                > I also have ADHD

This is a cop-out, not an excuse. My GF has near-crippling ADHD and she couldn't focus *more* on a good storyline.
                Gwent is something I wish I got into as the game was going. I had a time limit before was selling my computer back to my friend and was hoping to power through it (not even close) and skipped the Gwent stuff. I now can’t play Gwent at all without getting destroyed and have to go back to the beginning areas to find certain characters to get the Gwent cards from.
                I don't like card games (I don't like a lot of games honestly).

Is there ADHD that's ADHD im reverse?

Because I see comments saying they have X and Y and then comments saying they have the same but in A.

&nbsp;

I mean is, ADHD, but you live for the cutscenes, you could watch them all say long and it is a bummer when they end and you have to return to the game.

&nbsp;

See, this is what I said in another comment. No one is like this. Why am I like this?
            Skyrim is just an inferior version of oblivion
            Skyrim lets you off from the start, you can be a monster in Blackreach before you ever get shitted from Nazeem. Same way Oblivion had “Wenion Priory” and most people just strolled right into Coral.


But Witcher is like “Help the Fat Man!” I dont care… “the Baron’s child was a ghost and he hung himself!” Hanged - he’s not a shirt, he’s a Carradine it’s a hanging - and…i still don’t really care 🤷‍♂️
                There’s nothing forcing you to do the Baron’s quests either.
            it was the same for me, loved Skyrim but played maybe an hour of witcher and i just didn't like anything about it sadly
                Starting to think there's a pattern here, especially since I loved The Witcher 3 and can't stand Skyrim. It's almost as if they're very different game styles that just share a similar setting.
                    the fun of Skyrim for me was creating my own character choosing their backstory whom you decided if you wanted to be good or bad etc with a premade character I didn't feel the same way. maybe partially that's why I just couldn't like the witcher or geralt since I may have expected it to be too much like Skyrim.
            Not sure what makes games so great for you but the Score whoch mesns the music is easily one lf the best and most original which just makes the game top tier.
            that's literally me i love skyrim but the witcher tried to play it 5 times got bored 5 times uninstalled boring game
            My unpopular opinion: Skyrim is boring AF and the combat is atrocious. I have no idea how it was/is so popular.
                I agree the combat leaves a lot to be desired. Tbh the first time I played Skyrim I also didn’t like it. I was fucking lost. Couldn’t even figure out how to level up lmao. Part of the reason I like it is just the open world exploration. I learned to stop having quest anxiety and just do what I like, which is exploring. It’s also got an incredible soundtrack, and the scenery is beautiful, especially with mods. 

I don’t think there’s any particularly incredible quests in Skyrim that made me go “wow omg” but there’s also few gaming experiences I’ve had that compared to setting foot in Blackreach for the first time. I also like that you don’t HAVE to do anything in Skyrim. You don’t even have to start the main story quest. You can do anything you want, in any order, or nothing at all. You just get dropped into Skyrim and can do whatever you want.
            I love both TW3 *and* Skyrim... but for entirely different reasons. The games are only alike in that they're fantasy settings with RPG elements.
            My wife loved Witcher 1 and thought 2 was okay. We’ve both tried to play 3 and neither of us have over 10 hours in it.
            Eh, because OP didn’t say it wasn’t for them, they said it’s mediocre. I’ve tried to get into TW3 at least three separate times now, but have kind of bounced off of it in less than five hours each time. I can still recognize it’s quality.
            This is such a common misconception. Skyrim and The Witcher 3 are in almost nothing alike.

Skyrim has simpler combat and a simpler world. The power of Skyrim is it’s simplicity. You make your own character and the skills + progression is beyond anything I’ve ever seen. The focus isn’t on story in the game, that’s why some people find it barebones, the focus is on your character, progression and exploration.

In The Witcher, the skills and progression are barebones. The story is pretty good (mostly the side stories). I’d say The Witcher has a real focus on story and world building, but lacks in everything else to Skyrim.
                I agree! Was just mentioning in another reply that the only thing they really have in common is that it’s an open world fantasy setting. 

Skyrim’s storytelling does leave a lot to be desired but you really just boot the game up and do whatever you want right from the get go. The first few hours of TW3 were pretty handholdy to me, and while the combat was more interesting, I felt like there was a lot more pressure to stick to the story. I wasn’t going into it expecting that so maybe it was a little off putting. I don’t think it’s a bad game in any way, just wasn’t my vibe.
        Same here, and I love almost every game it’s recommended alongside. Going to give it another go this weekend but if third time playing 8-10 hours isn’t the charm, I guess it’s just not for me

Edit: you guys are ridiculous, I didn’t even say anything bad about it lmao my goodness
            Same. Exactly my type of game. And it is highly reviewed. But when I play it I feel like the combat is just button mashing, the enemies are damage sponges, and the spells are fiddly and annoying to incorporate in a fight.
                I think it was the spells that got me now that you say it
            Same, gave it two goes and lost interest. Which is shame cuz rpgs are some of my fav things in the world
                For me the controls were clunky, and too many long cut scenes.
                    Yes that was what bugged me too. Controls were clunky and combat felt floaty(?) for lack of better term. I also really hated the durability system, yes I know it makes for realistic gameplay, but it felt so forced and unnecessary.

I didn’t enjoy it despite giving it 2-3 tries.
                    Long cutscenes are a huge turn off for me! Can’t play any metal gear solid games because of them…
            Just push past the bit of a slog that is the Velen and the Baron. Once you’re out of the swamp, shit really picks up imo
                Does the combat get any better? Story is one thing like I’d put up with a lot for what I’ve heard about it, but something about the combat just makes my brain shut off
                    To an extent that’s in the eyes of the beholder, the combat system itself doesn’t change much but with the sign upgrades, armour/weapon sets, and variety in monsters to slay I’d say it gets better. But that being said, if you dislike how the combat feels then no, probably won’t get much better for ya
                        I really don’t understand why I have such trouble with it, I play a bunch of other games that vary from more complex combat mechanics to those that are significantly bad/clunky. 

Oh well. I’ll give it another shot, I’ll go for making it past the Baron before reassessing
                            I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
                            there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
                            I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
                    The combat system broke my brain the first few times I tried it. The third time I pushed myself to play a bit longer and for some reason it eventually clicked. Once that happened I couldn't put the game down.
                        For me it clicked eventually because I slowed down. I think I was used to faster combat and couldn't get the hang of it at first. Ended up enjoying a lot more afterwards by taking my time with attacks.
                    I was told to play on atleast blood and broken bones because it makes you use more of the options in a fight and makes the fights more tense and meaningful. Honesty, it was good advice. After I beat the game I switched down to sword and story difficulty and I saw how boring the games combat would be if I'd played it like that. Also play gwent. Trust me, you will thank me later.
                    What difficulty were you playing on? The combat felt way better (albeit pretty hard) on my deathmarch playthrough, after not really sticking for me on normal.
                    No the combat is always poor, and gets more laughable in the DLC
                The Bloody Baron is one of the best parts of the game and was always regarded as such. Has that changed recently since people are starting to say they didn't like it?
                I loved the baron story, though the characters were so well written and fleshed out. Honestly if you don’t like it at the Barons, you’re probably not going to like the game as a whole.
                    I feel like it takes time for even the barron to grow on people.

For me, I liked how side-quests just seemed to open and close in a compelling way, in particular how lairs, ruins, and wizard labs were gradually uncovered. But the baron...along with much of the aesthetic, felt like a kingdom of mud. I had to do a few main quests and get caught up in the writing.

I suppose I'd say the setting took time for me to adjust to.

TLDR; I really like Witcher 3, but I can easily see how it can straight up fail to hook people.
                I don't think I should have to suffer past a certain point for a game to become enjoyable. If your game is enjoyable from the start, I feel like that is a design problem. Devise a better way to introduce me to what is interesting about your gameplay loop, or may the introduction to the game interesting enough that I want to push through whatever big wall I am about to run into.
                Oddly I recall right after launch that many people were saying the Bloody Baron's storyline was the best part of the game. I understood where they were coming from in that it's drama-filled, but it also felt so pointless. It was a well crafted sidequest that they forced into the MQ puzzle.
                Interesting take, I had the complete opposite experience. I loved the Baron story and it helped me slog through the gameplay to conclude it. Act 2 bored me right out of the game
            I think that’s more than a fair try and also, gaming is supposed to be fun, not a chore. If you don’t like something then go to the next game. Same with reading - some people force themselves to finish  books they hate. It’s a hobby not a competition!
        I played for an hour and I remember going up to a village doing something got bored and uninstalled
        Not liking something doesn't mean it's \*BAD\* or \*MID\*

I dislike games I can recognize are well made
            This. Tried baldurs gate 3. Then I saw it was turn based. Instantly refunded. Im sure it's great, but it's just not my kind of game.
                To be fair I absolutely hate turn based combat and I still loved Baldur's gate 3 for some reason because it's just that good. I have a few mates who also experienced the same thing. Might be worth checking it out one day!
            [deleted]
            TW3 has major flaws, especially in gameplay. They tried to fix it with an alternate control mode but it did not do much. Geralt controls like a boat, the combat is floaty and imprecise, and it's just overall a pain to actually play.

So some parts are well made (side quests, world building, writing, characters, graphics) but some others are really poor (gameplay, both exploration and combat, gear progression, skill progression).
                The boat like controls are easily the shittiest part of the game.
                Everything that makes the game a game and not a show is mediocre
                    Yeah, I LOVED the books but hated the games and I've tried all 3.

Small things for world building even meant that the story wasn't as good. Just things like hanging dead bodies when they know that causes necrophages, or the fact that towns near monsters don't have the simplest of defences (so that guy got attacked *inside* the town) meant that I couldn't look past gameplay I didn't enjoy.

Dragon Age inquisition was an example of a game where I liked the story and LOVED the world building but I just didn't really enjoy the gameplay.

W3 gameplay is better than the first 2 but I still didn't enjoy it.
        I actually finished the whole game twice... i played the first two games in the hopes it would increase my appreciation for it, and still don't care for it. 

The movement and combat feel stilted. The side quests all end the exact same. My favorite part of the entire thing is gwent.
        Yeah, the game is just not that interesting.

I even tried reading the books and jesus fucking christ if they aren't the most mid quality supermarket paperback books of fantasy that you can ever find. There's no wonder the netflix show creators didn't want to follow them.
        That’s fine, but the graphics are just still objectively good and the writing is one of the best compared to almost any RPG that’s ever existed.

It’s 100% completely reasonable to hate playing the game. 

Thinking people who do enjoy it are deluded is absurd, ignorant at best. 

It’s like not liking chicken. 

Super reasonable even though it’s one of the most popular meats in existence.

“People are fucking stupid for liking chicken” is a very different very dumb opinion.
        I love this subreddit. 80% of the posts are popular opinions and the 20% that arent are "stupid bait"
        Fuck I loathed Skyrim and the Witcher 3. I wanted to love them, I really did.

God of war, assassin's Creed pre-rpg, horizons ftw
        Glad its not just me. I keep trying to pick it up  but the way combat feels, weapon management, potion system being a requirement, flat affect protagonist, and story structure make me just close the game. I get it's critically acclaimed but I just cannot get into it
        Also didn’t like it. The combat was fucking horrible, alchemy is a chore and I didn’t feel any emotional connection to the world
        I did the exact same thing but with Skyrim and Ted Dead. I never got into those games. I totally see why people call them some of the best games ever but it definetly was not for me
    I couldn't get into it. I thought I'd love it because the concept of spooky shit and gore is right up my alley, but honestly the combat feels awful and slow. I'd much rather turn on a playthrough of it than play it myself.
    I don’t agree to quite the degree OP is going, but the game did not grab me at all.
    Not everyone likes what you do. It might be hard to believe. I also dont like the witcher 3
        Yeah but the post is not saying “I personally don’t like Witcher” it’s going, “Witcher is objectively a boring and bland game” and then further going “people who like it are deluded”.
            Yeah and any opinion like THAT is a stupid opinion but let's not pretend people don't always act like their opinions are somehow superior over stupid shut.
    "Every opinion I don't like is bait".

Witcher 3 is my favorite game and this is such a bad take. People are allowed to have opinions especially about something as inocculus as a video game. It isn't bait just because it's unpopular.
        > inocculus

bruh
            This word hijackedmy brain
    I'm Polish. I read the books in early 2000s, they were ok. The first game was decent, not too long, a bit janky. The second one had tedious moments, still not too bad. The third one dragged on, especially Skelige, that was a serious chore. Overall, it's not bait, the game is decent, has issues with the pacing and overall not too replayable.
    It's not. many of the criticisms are legit: bad combat, poor exploration, and the overarching quest of finding ciri isn't that interesting. That being said, I think the pros outweigh the cons, but that isn't going to be the case from everyone
        What would you class as the pros, I've tried the game and actually got into 1 because of the bestiary and it felt like I'd need to learn about the monsters I was hunting etc. I tried 2 and 3 but haven't got past the intros
            I wouldn't say it has a good plot, but it does have excellent writing. The side quests are great, and so are many of the characters. Have you played the ladies of the wood quest? that's one of the best quests in any game ever
    Lmao, this subreddit is so stupid, the moment someone actually posts a unpopular opinion yall cry and call it bait😂💀
        Eh while I agree that this sub has a real problem with doing what it's supposed to (more often than not just upvoting popular opinions or opinions that are controversial in public but popular on Reddit, downvoting everything else) there are some "unpopular opinion bait posts" on here from time to time.

Someone just thinks of something highly popular on Reddit, thinks of the most basic excuses as to why someone wouldn't like it and acts flabbergasted as to how Reddit finds that topic so good. There's little actual critical analysis or pushback, no recognition of positives about the topic or comparisons to a superior alternative. It's almost like the OP just lights the powder keg on something they know most of Reddit is highly interested in (which probably means there's people also sick of the popularity and want to discuss it as overhyped/overrated).

Not saying that's what *this* OP did, however. I dunno if they've made much of an argument for disliking Witcher 3 (not that they need to, but the less detail the more superficial and baity it comes across as).
            Personally I don't like it either, but that's because the gameplay just feels lack luster in my opinion, there's nothing really bringing me back. And that's just that, you don't need a good reason not to like something, it's just not for them. Just like people who don't like rdr2 the gameplay might just be lackluster for them
    Not at all. I was bored out of my mind after a while. It is possible for people to not like something that's popular.
    The game isn’t for everyone, I absolutely adore the Elder Scrolls series so I figured I’d love the world of The Witcher 3, made it to maybe lvl 11 and stopped playing.

On the flip side I absolutely consumed every last bit of Cyberpunk 2077, did every side gig, found all the iconic weapons etc.
    I agree with the poster except i agree because the game is trash. I cant stand cut scenes and thats like half the game.
    It isn’t, this game sucks
    nah it’s boring
    Is it bait just because you don’t agree? Lmao.
    It's an unpopular opinion and one I tend to agree with. The game truthfully did nothing ground breaking, was massively overhyped by people who didn't experience the trainwreck it was at launch, and it suffered from a lackluster story that railroaded the player into making really gross decisions, like helping a wife beater exorcise the ghost of the unborn child he killed when he beat his wife for wanting to leave him because he beat her!
    First time hearing an opinion you don't like?
    I didn’t like it either.

Not liking something that’s popular is not “bait.”
    Yeah I tried the game for a good 10 hours, it was nowhere near as amazing as people made me think it would be, the dialogue and voice acting was so bad it was funny, and the combat felt really aged
    I came into contact with the Witcher universe through Gwent, the standalone card game released quite a while after Witcher 3.

Immediately fell in love with *everything* about that game. All the cards looked so cool, all the monsters, all the characters, all the bits of lore I could pick up here and there.

I was thrilled to finally get into The Witcher 3 and see just about all these iconic cards and monsters and moments and omg hype because everyone always talks about how great that game is.

Bought the game, got through the Bloody Baron part, amazing story and all that, but I was just bored out of my fucking mind after a couple hours. Closed the game, didn't open it again for several years. Gave it another go a couple years later, managed to play it out a bit longer, stumbled upon the Crones, rode around here and there... still quit a couple hours in because it was boring and tedious as fuck to me.

I love the world of the Witcher... but I've never finished the any Witcher game and probably never will because they're awful *to me personally*.
    I played 50 hours. Game is mid. What hype is there exactly?
I took my downvote back after this comment
    Did you forget what subreddit you were on? It’s for um… well yk🤦‍♂️
        Trust me it frequently happens
The combat is pretty damn dull and basic though.
My biggest issue is the combat doesn't feel great and there are some points that feel like you need to grind
The combat ruins it for me. 

You try this after playing dark souls and it feels sooooo sloppy and random
I can confirm all of this.  I was the security guard who did the escorting. Mr Porkfeet was fuming, all red faced and angry.
    pics or it didn’t happen
        Feet pics or it didn't happen
            And they better be pork!
                gotta see those little piggies
                    I love Reddit
                        I love you
            Quentin, is that you?
    I can also confirm. I was the computer screen
You kid, but this is actually the reaction you get when you tell people the game is booty.
[deleted]
    It's one of those games where you have to spend 75% of your post praising it before you're allowed to criticize it.

What you want to say:  The combat in this game is janky as fuck.

What you have to say if you don't want to get downvoted:  "I really liked the story and Gwent is super fun.  It's one of the most immersive games I've ever played and the devs are just so generous with all the free content!!  All that said, I have to admit that the combat was a little difficult to control and I just really couldn't get the hang of it."
        I hate how everything you write has to be like this these days though.

What makes my skim itch and shed though, is that if it is not universally praised, then it is fair game to dunk on it. Screw those that like it or if it actually is good.

&nbsp;

Look how long until someone said something controversial about The Witcher.

Conversely it takes some 10 years for someone to finally say "remember that thing everyone hated? It isn't half bad."
            Subreddits either decide "this game is perfect and cannot be criticized" (Witcher 3, TLOU2) or they decide "this game is dogwater and nobody could possibly enjoy it" (basically any Blizzard game).  The upvote system means you can't disagree with the hivemind or you get downvoted below the visibility threshold.
        Sounds like what you have to do when talking about any FS game on r/fromsoftware hahaha
    I *liked* the game. I never loved it though. People praise combat as fluid or whatever, but 95% of the time it was one dimensional. Gwent was fuckn fun though
        Gwent was so good, they made a game of the game within the game.
    Same here. It just feels good to finally say Geralt is cringe and his friends are boring after listening to everyone piss their pants over this game for a decade
        His dialog drives me a little bit nuts. Would it kill him to utter one single complete sentence?
            Winds howling
            Hmmm.
            Even Master Chief’s one-liners were one or two sentences long.
            I actually like this about him, if I recall from my past attempt at playing the game, the problem is that everyone else takes waaay too long to get to the point. Except that guard that just says “Fuck” when you walk by, that guy is my hero.
                Twitter didn't exist back then.

&nbsp;

Honestly I find that dialogue in real life is far more bloated.

People go on and on and on to just say one thing or they repeat themselves.

Wich ironically I think I am also a victim of.
            It drove me crazy the way he'd just start sentances in the middle of them. Nobody talks like that, and it sounds stupid.
                I proudly didn't play the games.

I believe, however, that that is what he has going for him.

Aside from his body, he isn't Hunan anymore.

It's a dilemma with story telling. Else you just write normal people in a fantasy setting.
                It's an attempt at flavourful translation. Thing is, you can trim polish sentence a lot without it sounding unnatural, if you want to be brief. Not so much in english
            He talks a lot to the people he cares about. Otherwise he's a cynical old man who's just over everyones shit. 

Comes with the territory of being despised by every hillbilly peasant and fucked over by every wanna be lord. 

He's a grouchy old guy who only comes out of his shell for his crew.
        Geralts voice is some of the most grating shit I've heard. It feels like I'm listening to someone who whishes they had a deeper voice and is forcing it so hard.
            The whole reason I could never get into the game was his voice and everyone thinks I’m insane. But today I have found my people
            My gf overheard me playing it once and asked "are you romancing somebody? Why is he trying so hard to sound sexy" lmao
    The only thing that kept me going was the card game
    I feel the same way about “The Last of Us”.
    Holy hell, are you me? I feel like I've been dogpiled for pointed out a criticism of TW3 to an insane degree, even if I tone it down. Now, I just say fuck it and voice my dislike for the game's... well, everything. Bad gameplay, boring characters, time-wasting and overly-long main story. If I'm damned either way, might as well not hold anything back!
    I think my problem is that graphics, story, and characters are the three things I don't care about in games at all. These three categories are Witcher's focus area. So I just don't "get" it. I much prefer interesting gameplay systems over anything else.
    As someone who absolutely LOVES this game and have spent over 250 combined hours in it - I’m loving these comments, it’s so fun to see all these drastically different takes. 

I may not like it, but hot damn! Haha!
    Blame the internet edge lords and trolls that like running around going against everything. The only way to tell the difference between them and you is your dislike comes with reason.
    I actually hate The Last of Us for example. It's actually terrible to me, like one of the worst games i've ever played, no exageration. And yes I understand many people love it, and in no way my opinion changes anything. And I am sure it is not a bad game AT ALL at the same time.
    Release day skyrim is better than all of Witcher 3
    Very cathartic to say I didn’t enjoy Witcher 3!

Conversely, I did really enjoy Cyberpunk on release so maybe I just have bad taste
It was a solidly average experience. Every feature was kinda just meh with only its storytelling being its strong point. But I found myself skipping dialog a quarter of the way through because of how long and boring it is. They really need to make the dialog more interactive if they're going to dump so much on you.
    How do you mean interactive ? I love the game but i think the side quests are the strongest part of the game, combat would be pretty weak compared to like a souls like. It definitely has its faults, I thought the voice acting was good though. I love the Witcher world so am probably more bias to someone coming in with no knowledge of the world.
        This has nothing to do with your comment, and I know people don't appreciate spelling corrections, but on the off chance that you legitimately didn't know, the word is biased* not bias
Same. I wanted to like TW3. Tried the last two Zelda games and also got bored. 

Elden Ring ruined other games for me. 

Apparently BG3 is really something. 

Also heard Cyberpunk, Life of Pi are good.

Edit: lol Life of Pi. Yea being on a boat with a tiger as my only companion sucks.

Edit 2: I’m glad that people like TW3 and the Zelda games. It’s good that there’s a variety of content and communities willing to support. I won’t diss those games, I just personally couldn’t get into them. I’ll give them another shot in the future. Some of the commenters complaining need to get a grip. It’s not an insult bro. 

Edit 3: spelling, formatting
    Lol “Life of Pi” is a movie. “Lies of P” is a solid game though definitely worth a play.
        Maybe the dude wants to be stuck on a boat  with a tiger for a few weeks... Don't yuck his yum
        Got into Souls games with ER, and played DS3 after that. I really liked DS3, but Lies of P was extremely boring during the first 4 hours I played - there was only 1 style of playing and the story couldn't grab me.

I'm currently 6-8 hrs into Lords of the Fallen and it feels a lot better than Lies of P. It's almost a hybrid between DS3 and Elden Ring, with its own cool mechanic.
            Honestly I think lies of p is actually kinda too hard

I'm in chapter 11, close to beating the game, and I will beat it. It's been decent I'd say. But I'd place it solidly below any actual from title as well as Nioh for souls likes.

The story is cool, I like the aesthetics. The music is okay, though its trying a bit too hard to copy dark souls. 

But the combat sometimes just feels shitty. You have to hit like 20 parries within the 3-5 frame window or some shit on attacks with huge delayed tells which you essentially need to memorize. And then you need to hit a slow ass charge attack on a boss before you can even get the visceral.

I rarely felt like I had "mastered" a boss. Like if I go back to sekiro today having not played it in years, I'm pretty confident I can still beat isshin within 5 tries cause I played the shit out of that game and got good at it's combat. But for lies of p, every boss just feels like I scraped by or got lucky on a good run.
        I got really confused when I saw the title of the game.

Same thing with TF2, which BFII and Outer Worlds and Outer Wilds.
        Life of Pi is solid though, do recommend
    See i HATED elden ring but i also think soul games are boring as fuck! Well made game just not for me!
        Yeah I couldn't get into that game either.
        [deleted]
    Thank you I have a bunch of games on backlog. Apparently if I try out Elden ring, I should most definitely play it last. Good to know.
        If you like other souls like games it will suck your time up. If youre like me and rather not spend 200 hours just to kill a single boss, find a buddy and get the co-op mod then let it suck up all your time
    I think the real unpopular pinion is people like me who found Elden Ring to be incredibly underwhelming because it literally just feels like another Dark Souls game except for I guess you can pick berries and stuff...
    Just finished cyberpunk. Absolutely worth the buy! First hour I was like “this is just gta in the future” but my goodness was I wrong. Definitely reccomend trying it out if you have time.
    Whenever people say elden ring ruined other games it’s such a self tell lmao
        Telling of what?
            It tells you that they played Elden Ring.
                Big if true
    I loved Elden Rings exploration, combat, build options and setting. 

But GODDAMN does the world feel dead, I couldnt bear to keep playing like halfway in, I dont even see a fucking reason to finish the game story wise, who cares if that world gets "ruined", theres like 10 people living in it, and most of them are psychotic or die by the end.
    Elden Ring boring as hell
    I loved breath of the wild, but as soon as I fused a minecart to my shield in Tears of the Kingdom it just kind of broke the magic and immersion of the world for me. Haven’t picked it back up since. Also tried twice to get in to Witcher 3 and just couldn’t
    Elden Ring and BG3 are way different games I think you’ll be able to enjoy it without thinking of the other game.
    Yeah tried Zelda but having a game too open really hurts the experience in my opinion. I could cheese shrines and rewards were trash so it made exploring boring.
    I had a similar experience of not enjoying the Witcher 3. I just started BG3 a week or so ago and have like 30+ hours in it already.

I haven’t been this invested in a game since I was a kid.
Dozens!
Thats me with RDR2. I got to the Manor/Mansion place and didnt want to play another 30 hours in that world
I’m the same. I also don’t like fall out 4 or new Vegas…
    I also dislike New Vegas, so you're not alone! Fallout 3 is much better, in my opinion. I found myself going back to FO3 after NV release, a lot.
If you enjoy story-driven games, The Witcher will do you well, but if you're like me and prefer combat as a selling point, the game falls flat. 

I'm the type who doesn't care WHY I have to kill the thing, I only care HOW I get to kill the thing, and only having 2 swords to choose from, with very little useful magics, the game got very boring, very fast.
Excellently summarized. I wanted to write something on the same lines
    Mm yes. Apt. Apt analysis, my good sir. I wanted to touch on his allegations of delusion as well. 🎩
It's the only sentence I didn't agree with.

The rest is spot on.
[removed]
    Lmao what
For real. I don’t like Zelda BOTW and I think it’s overrated but I’m not saying it’s a shitty game. I’m not into The Last of US either but it’s by no means a shit game.

What happened to saying “it’s not my cup of tea”? You can objectively see why people would like the world and characters. Hell, I loved Witcher 3 but I have no interest in playing W1 or W2 because of the amnesia storyline. I found the walking mechanic bad until I flipped a toggle in the options menu and I didn’t think combat was bad at all so I really don’t understand the pure hate people have for it.
*Wins game of the year* 

Everyone else is dumb except me.
This is single handedly why i stopped watching the Angry Joe reviews. Both Joes are ok most of the time, but Alex hates damn near everything and calls people idiots for liking it. He will continue to berate/insult/namecall to an extreme if its not in line with his opinion.
It's a proof of delusional overconfidence, and imply that his tastes, even if shared by very few ppl, have more value that everything else.
I don't like this thing therefore I will insult the people who like it.

just say you don't like something and that's that.
>to call people deluded for liking something, when you obviously are in the minority, is pretty special

I disagree: Popularity is not always a measure of quality

OP could stand to not word things like a tool though
Skellige always sticks out in my memory banks
    So. Many. Question marks. 😂😂
    Yeah that whole story line and side quests felt like it’s own little game!
I agree this is the biggest problem. The world and story lines and even little side quests are amazing and don’t feel too cookie cutter… but the combat just sucks. It kinda felt like at that point just make it a tell tale game… and hey they made one maybe I should play that
Some side quests have more story than entire games which is one of the reasons I loved it
    I remembered when I first realized this. It was the quest with the man with the missing wife. It was a very short, minor quest but I was surprised at how much care they put into it. 

Once I got to the bloody Baron questline, I fell in love.
This is the truth
That quest where you go into the diary storyland, is my favorite part of any game ever.
I can see why. After playing the game for the first time, going back it’s super hard for me to get past the novigrad section. Also I remembered hating the skellige islands because I hated boating so freaking much.
    Oddly enough it was in novigrad that I started to really like the game. Go figure.
[deleted]
    Sounds like you haven’t played it right, played it long enough, or given it your full attention.
    You're like the Han Solo of the gaming community.
    I recall watching a documentary on Halo, and one of the developers said something along the lines of, “a game is not worth playing if you’re not having fun after five minutes.” I have more patience than that, especially with RPGs (and Halo is an FPS), but the general spirit resonates with me. Witcher 3 fell into the camp of simply taking way too long to become fun. Maybe it was the extended tutorial, the overloaded cut scenes, the clunky UI, or the unnecessary do-everything extra bits. Regardless, it felt like I had to do tons of work before I could actually play. I played about 10 hours before I finally admitted to myself that the Witcher 3 is not for me.
    That’s the same feeling I have with Fallout and Skyrim. I can’t get into them, they just aren’t fun. I liked the Witcher, but I totally understand if people couldn’t get into it. Not every game is for everyone.
    Well you probably just haven’t played it enough lol only half joking
    ya same. sunk 40 hours into it. did not get it. and I didn’t play it now either, I played a year after it came out.
Same lol, I don’t skip dialogue either, those types of games are normally ones I love, just couldn’t enjoy it.
I get very tired of constantly feeling the need to upgrade gear and get the right oils and eat the right berries or whatever. I just want to fight some monsters and have a few deductive quests. Getting into the weeds to optimize abilities isn’t a game, it’s just unrewarding work and an obstacle to fun.
    I beat the entire game on hard and never bothered with crafting any oil or bombs right until the very end. Lower the difficulty, the inventory prep part of the game is made mostly for the hardest diffuciltys to gain a little edge.
    Then play on easy... You don't need to really use that stuff unless on hard+
    If you ever decide to give it another go, just know that you can beat the highest difficulty with nothing but basic attacks. No oils or min/max needed.
    I ignored those without issue for like 95% of the entire game.
    Your sword has broken. 

Traipse back to the blacksmith for the ninetieth time.
        I used a mod to remove the durability system cause it just added a pointless tedious task lol
    Upgrading the gear in that game was better than most as they actually made them into lite quests instead of grinding.
It took me like 5 hours to get into it the it just clicked how amazing it was
    Same, I started it several times. Then I got through the Bloody Barren quest line and made it to Novigrad, and fell in love. 

The world building, both visually and from a storytelling perspective, is phenomenal. Now I have like 400 hours logged in that game. Though it's not nearly as groundbreaking 9 years later, that world was bonkers when the game came out. And the incredibly well written side quests... Man, what a great game.
    Wasted about 50 hours of my life to play it, boring game with bad combat and even worse cringy story lines and side stories which mount up to nothing.

It is like reading a bad YA novel for the first time and claiming it to be a literary master work.
A lot of people apparently experience this.

I played it for about 2 hours. Dropped it for a whole 2 years. I picked it up and committed to it and it is now may top 3 favorite games I've ever played. The beginning does start out slow. Not going to happen to everyone, but Ill be the first to discredit the opinion that people share in this thread that if you don't like it right away, then its not for you. 

It definitely took a break in period for me. Especially since at the time I came right off of playing Sekiro and the Witcher 3 had a FAAARRRR less satisfying combat.
The combat is just mindless and dumb. You can just use the exploding defense bubble that also heals you move for damn near everything. It's just a delay between cutscenes and story.
    I found pumping the difficulty up helped a lot with that, I imagine if you don’t side quest a lot and thus don’t over level it’s also more fun but I did end up pretty over levelled by the end anyway. I reckon it’s a balance thing more than anything else
        This^^ I started the game on "normal" and after I got hold of the combat I switched it up and up and up.
        There's "enemy upscaling" or whatever it's called that takes care of you being overlevelled, but at times will turn little threats (like rats) into demons of hell that cannot be killed.
        Tbh the combat is so basic even on max difficulty it was pretty easy to just spam dodge every time. I've beaten just about all the fromsoft games so maybe I'm just accustomed to more difficult dodge windows but it's extremely mindless regardless of difficulty for me. 

Also raising the difficulty really just made the enemies more spongey as far as I could tell. Went from 5 minutes of mindless dodging on easy to 15 minutes of mindless dodging on death march. Kinda don't see the point. 

Just play on whatever difficulty feels best for you. Higher difficulty just means you gotta spend more time with the clunky combat so there's no shame with easy. Imo this game needs a shitton of mods to be fun anyway.
I do lmao, good callout
    😂😂 I had the same opinion and was hating hard for years, until I got diagnosed,and got the meds.
Now it’s in my top 5 games list.
        “Until I popped an adderal and played the shit out of it” lol I too have adhd
            lol,you killed me 😂😂🤣
            Dam, I got diagnosed last year. Welp, it's time to attempt the game again
        Medicated ADHD here. Still hate the witcher.
        So a free Witcher 3 copy added to these meds seems like nice marketing ploy 😁
        Fuck and this is how I find out? I always thought I did but now.. I tried witcher 3, 3 times. ~30 hrs each attempt. Can't get interested.
        Interesting, but just as many of the people that like it probably like it partially because their untreated ADHD made them hyper focused on it.
        Lol its funny how it can vary.  I have ADHD and love the Witcher 3, its the kind of game I can hyperfocus on for hours with or without meds.
        Now I need to check if I have ADHD. :(
        How do you get diagnosed adhd? What criteria has to be met?
    So you have an attention deficit and you’re surprised you don’t like a game that takes most people like 30 hours MINIMUM to beat?
    So what games do you play then? Do you need constant stimulation at all times?
I have pretty severe adhd but enjoy games like Baldurs Gate and Mass Effect. Witcher 3 just ain't it.
    That’s fair,it’s not like disliking the Witcher 3 automatically mean having adhd,but in my case it did 😂
    Im sorry, you have adhd+
    Yeah, I've tried playing through Witcher 3. I started my playthrough back in 2019 or so and still haven't beat it. The thing is, I only play if I know I have several hours to sink into it, and that's not all that often lol. Plus I'm a completionist, and the world is honestly just too big for that - not to mention 75% of the rewards for exploring are bad treasure chests and repetitive bandit camps. 

I preferred Witcher 2 because it was much more linear so I could jump in for 30 minutes here or there and enjoy myself. Plus the open world was a lot more manageable and so it felt like more care was put into exploration and side quests
[deleted]
    Na but it might be why,you don’t like slower paced games.
    Most open world games just aren't that good, theyre time sinks. I have ADHD and hate most open world games but I put 450 hours into RDR2 singleplayer so if the game is good enough it shouldn't matter
    Oh my god… this may make sense!!! I’m not a fan of open world games and love games people hate for being “hallway simulators” like FFXIII and KH2
    As someone with ADHD who has 200 hours in BG3 and has played RDR2 like 5 times by now and a bunch of other open world games….no. I think, at least for me, if the characters aren’t interesting enough I get bored extremely easily. To the point where it’s painful to continue playing. It’s why I couldn’t get through Horizon or Witcher 3. Protag and characters were boring as hell to me
Do you… find the combat enjoyable? That is what stopped me. If I don’t have fun playing the game then I’m out. Idc how vast or interesting the story and world are.
    I found the combat to be god awful and it’s a big reason why I gave up both times I played the game.

 I’ll take it even further than OP though and say I hated Geralt as well. He was a douchey cringe lord and felt like he was written by a neckbeard.
And its those controls and combat I just can't get past.
    Can’t play something you don’t find fun and the combat makes it not fun.
    Yeah if the core mechanic of the game is bad, I can’t justify playing it, no matter how great the story or whatever may be.
        Yeah I agree. I get great stories from books or movies. I'm playing games to entertained by gameplay.
        I've read the books, some are great, others are not great. They all beat the game by miles tho.
    It just drags everything else down if the gameplay doesn’t hold up, whereas it’s much easier to excuse other aspects of a game being weaker if the gameplay holds up.
    Honestly I just set the difficulty to second easiest and play it for the story, combat is not good, but it can be fun if you just decimate everything. You never get 100% used to it tho
        That's fair, I just need to still enjoy it, and I never could.
            That's completely fair too, the most important part of video games is having fun
    That's exactly how I feel Witcher 3 *and* about Skyrim
    Geralt walks like a tank drives
>Story is great.

The DLC's is great. The Baron stuff is great. Skellige stuff is great 


The Ciri stuff is not great. And everything about Novigrad sucks.
    Yeah, honestly, the main story straight up jumps the shark once you find Ciri.

1. Geralt's idea to fight the Wild Hunt in Kaer Morhen seems rather... suicidal. The Kaer Trolde castle would've been a way better location. And the flippin' Emperor of Nilfgaard is willing and able to use his own resources to save his daughter... but Geralt doesn't want one of his generals leading so he's like "Nah." And General Voorhis doesn't even seem like much of an asshole so what's the problem, exactly?
2. Plus, the battle itself had massive levels of plot armour. [At one point Geralt gets magically frozen... and the Wild Hunt walks right past him!](https://youtu.be/zHKbzyY_U3A?si=I3dCmvw29sYiN60M&t=609) WHY? Why not just slice his head off?
3. And the rest of the story feels kinda rushed. It has shit like alternate worlds and dimension-hopping but they feel like afterthoughts. We spend a few minutes going through a couple of ages from Myst and only spend 5 minutes in the elf dimension. Yay...
4. The Wild Hunt is caught in a trap thanks to a McGuffin that wasn't even mentioned before in any of the 3 games (the Sunstone). Man, and here I thought the Crucible from Mass Effect 3 was sloppy. But at least that got revealed at the beginning of the 3rd game, not the end. [Look how tiny its Wiki page is, despite its narrative importance.](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Sunstone)
5. And it's definitely not a good thing when your ending gives me Mass Effect 3 ending vibes. Ciri walking towards the White Frost and thinking about stuff is just too... Catalyst-y. And yeah - Ciri defeats climate change! (WHAAAAAT...) And I'm not even sure how. She just touches it, I guess.
Download a mod that makes every combat Gwent battle.
10/10 game
I think the controls and combats are fine. The weapon upgrading system is not really good though
I enjoyed this game the first time I played it, and I was captivated start to finish. 

That said, when I tried to play it again some years later, I was reminded of some less stellar aspects of the game. The gameplay and movement really is just bad. Then on top of that, now that I've seen the story unfold before, the pacing of the missions you do to progress feels incredibly slow and tedious.

It's one of those games I can only play through once.
So you are saying that as a movie it is great, as a game it sucks. I fully agree. They should have just made a movie instead.
...so over 50% of the game is ass?

Lists like this downplay the prevalence of the combat and controls. I'd say well over 50% of your time playing the game is spent fighting things and controlling your character. At that point how could it possibly be worth it?
Story was written for them

Graphics were average for the time

Characters were written for them

Why is audio on this list lmao

Controls are ass

2/10
[removed]
    I saw those comments but I don’t get how they relate to his review of the game. Wouldn’t someone with ADHD be overwhelmed by this game? I don’t get how someone with ADHD finds the world bland and the exploration slow.
        I have monster ADHD. 

It makes things that are overwhelming feel boring because your brain doesn't want to go explore. It wants to follow to dopamine. 

Sure the writing in this 8 hour side quest is superb, but if I can't fight things for 7 1/2 out of the 8 hours of the quest It doesn't hold my attention. 

I love the game but it's just too slow for me to stay focused, so I just get bored.
    So do I and I still put 100+ hours into the game because the story is interesting and there are LOTS of side quests.
23, i have a wide variety of game i enjoy, from RPGs to FPS to Racing, ive been playing a lot of baldurs gate recently, my most played game of all time is either skyrim, TF2, or minecraft
    Most people I know who've enjoyed Skyrim tell me they loved Witcher 3 as well so I guess we do have an unpopular opinion here.
        Ive been playing Skyrim since launch and still love it.

I've tried getting into witcher 3 at least 4 times and really didn't like it.. 

I don't think it's as unpopular as the fans think, but if you mention you don't like it, you get grilled, shamed, downvoted to oblivion, and told your OPINION is absolutely wrong..

 it gets old.. so a lot of us just choose not to say anything anymore 🤷‍♂️
        I am also one of them who loved Skyrim but didn't really get into Witcher 3. For me atmosphere is the biggest aspect in games and although W3 had some moments it never could reach the level of immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.
I am generally not an RPG fan so things like that are crucial for me to enjoy the game nevertheless.
            I have another potentially unpopular opinion in that I think geralt is really poorly voiced. The guy who does it just puts on a very monotonous "cool guy" voice. That doesn't really convey any character or bring any colour at all to the game. I was not able to create any sense of connection with such a lack of character which of course led to me not caring one jot about anything that happened to him. 

Notably also Skyrim doesn't have a voice actor for the dragon born, which I think is a very important difference and what makes Skyrim a true RPG and not an adventure story game. With no voice acting you are free to put your own voice to the character which allows you to create any personality that you wish. Whereas in the Witcher you are confined to just geralt, so you have less freedom to roleplay.
                I think the monotone voice is actually meant to convey the fact Witchers are canoncially supposed to have dampened emotions from the mutations they've gone through. That being said every other Witcher we meet doesn't have quite this much monotone so it's not like it's consistent lol. I do think a weak point of the games is it expects you to have knowledge of Geralt's past to better empathize with him and his cause.
                    I can agree that it would make sense for him to be monotone, but in this case if you look at any other work that the voice actor for geralt has done, it's this exact same voice. I think he just lacks vocal range and expression. Even if the monotonous emotionally lacking kind of voice was the aim, I still think it was done poorly.
                        His German voice is basically doing the same. So it's most likely on purpose and fits for a guy who has basically seen everything and is supposed to be badass.
                Tbh that sort of deadpan delivery really accentuates his witty, sarcastic dialogue.
            To be fair, a lot of TW3 world isn’t meant to be “dreamy” like Skyrim’s. I mean, not long after starting the game, you start seeing bodies hanging from trees - really helped to set the tone. There’s this area of TW3 map that I legit cannot go to because it makes me so uncomfortable. If I go there, I have to be quick and I fast travel to a town swarming with people right after to feel safe lol. 

Imo, TW3 is good at setting the atmosphere - it’s just not a very pleasant one sometimes. So unpleasant that I don’t want to stay there lol - which is still pretty immersive to me.

I’d LOVE to live in Skyrim. It’s beautiful most the time and dreamy. Novigrad? Velen? Hell no.
                You are absolutely right and put it really well! Especially in the beginning there are a lot of darker things happening, spooky areas and weird characters appearing which isn't really what I need in games. Skyrim was far from 100% peaceful of course. But the quests rarely set specific tones or introduced striking characters. The tone was mostly set by the landscape and music.
            \>immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.

I am like on the absolute other spectrum of that opinion. Skyrim's quests, npcs and the depth of the world (things like npc ai, how combat plays out, the gameplay loop etc.) ruin the immersion and atmosphere of it so much for me that I can't help but see past how bare bones and shallow the game actually is when you look too close.

The world visually is amazing, and there's a draw to it when you're not actively playing because you think about all of those adventures you could be having but when the game's actually up I'm immediately reminded that is all in my head and the actual game has none of that and never had anything even close to what I envisioned.
                Well I think for me weaknesses like that often even help the immersion cause it gives more space for fantasy. Witcher 3 indeed had more depth regarding quests and characters but then the game has way more control over what you perceive and in the end how you feel about it. On the other hand, Skyrim characters like Lydia were totally shallow but you could project so many things on her. 

It's partly the same idea as when you compare watching a movie or reading a book. With the latter one you basically set up a big part of the atmosphere by yourself which can help to feel more immersed although the actual perception is much more limited.
        For me it's because of the combat. Skyrim's combat isn't exactly compelling or anything, but it's also very inoffensive. It's simple enough that you don't really have to think about it, but casting a big flashy spell, lining up a headshot with a bow, or feeling your mace thud against the enemy's shield all still feel satisfying enough. It's great combat for a game that you play to relax and explore.

W3's combat is just... clunky. Massive step forward from 2, but still just not great. It's not terribly difficult, but it is complex enough that playing it just isn't relaxing like Skyrim is for me. There's also just not much variety in play styles. I tried a couple different builds but they never felt very different at all in practice. In Skyrim if you don't like the swordplay you can be a mage or an archer. Witcher has the crossbow and the signs, but you can't really make them your sole method of attack (not effectively anyway). It's designed to have your swords be your main plan of attack, so if you don't like the swordplay you're kinda sol.

The game has a great story and some fantastic characters and quests, but the combat just never felt good to me at any point. I pushed through to the end because I enjoyed the story and characters enough to want to see the whole story, but I have zero desire to ever play the game again because I don't enjoy the actual gameplay at all.
        2,000 hrs in Skyrim. Tried to get into Witcher 3 several times. They’re different games.
    >bland world, slow exploration, sloppy combat

If you liked Skyrim it strikes me really weird that you would be complaying about this of all things.  


No game is for everyone but W3 set a whole new level for what we expect from storytelling in games. Most exploration is optional so you can exactly as much as you like. I will admit that some parts of the main map could do with some condensing. The souther part could have been cut altogether more or less as it has no quests happening there anyway.   


As for combat. That one is average. Not the best ever, not the worst. But that is not where the magic of the game is. If you are after that, try Sekiro for example.
        [deleted]
        >W3 set a whole new level for what we expect from storytelling in games

Meh. Vice City, San Andreas, GTA IV, GTA V, RDR, Mass Effect 1-3, BioShock, BioShock Infinite, The Last of Us, Dragon Age: Origins, etc. are all games that predate Witcher 3 with significantly better storytelling.
        Its always funny to see people praise Witcher 3 for its storytelling when it is the third game of a saga that nobody has played in its entirety, and that doesnt even try to fullfill the "your actions have consequences" moto.

I am one of those who played witcher 1 and witcher 2 before the third one, and in terms of storytelling the second one destroys its sequel. Its a game with so many branches that different playthroughs are incredibly different, not only reskins of the same map. Helping the scoiatael gives you maps, plenty of missions and a whole ass story different from if you help the Blue stripes, as in if they were different games. Other games like Mass Effect  managed to maintain a consistent plot within all of their sequels, with many decisions in the first game having incredible effects in the saga´s end.

Witcher 3? It literally forgets every decision you have made up until the third part, and basically starts a new plot out of nowhere with Ciri just to grab even  more public. It is not  a bad game, and its plot is good, but it is weird seeing people praise a game that basically shits on the people that have been playing the saga for years.
    [deleted]
Good graphics and a story does not make a good game, alone. If the combat sucks ass, which Witcher 3 does, then the game falls flat for me. I'm not OP, but I prefer the HOW over the WHY. 

I don't care WHY I have to kill the big bad thing, I only care HOW I get to kill the big bad thing, and The Witcher 3 gives you 2 swords to choose from, a crossbow, and some magic. That's extremely underwhelming after having played games like Dark Souls, Elden Ring, Dragon's Dogma, or even Remnant From the Ashes. 

But, I'm the type who doesn't care about story, so I understand I might be in the minority.
No, you're in unpopular opinion sub.
It's just a vocal minority . . . This is why critical thinking should be a mandatory class in high school. People read a thread with a few people and think the whole world has flipped.
No you’re literally in the exact sub where this opinion makes sense. I’m extremely confused about your confusion
Always was.
Always has been.
It is bad.
It was boring AF for me, and I love RPGs.
Combat is genuinely not a very engaging system. Controls in general can be very clunky.

These two things is enough for a lot of people to drop a game, no matter how awesome the narrative and audiovisual stuff is.
Yes. And I’m tired of pretending it’s not.
There’s a new thread every week just like this lol. It’s just the “cool thing” to do now, to say Witcher is bad.
Some people always thought W3 was bad, they just never spoke about it much since dealing with the fucking fanatics that thinks the game is a 11/10 masterpiece is too troublesome to deal with.
There are plenty of games where the PC has zero powers that have more engaging combat, and good combat in a video game is not defined by flashy moves. Geralt being more of a low-power character is a poor excuse for sub-par combat. I don't hate the game, but you have to admit that the combat is underwhelming because they failed to make it interesting, not because they intentionally designed it that way because of who Geralt is as a character. They didn't decide to make it to be boring just because Geralt can't go super saiyan.
"The other games in the series suck even more" isn't a great defense of the game.  Lol
    I actually like AoK *way* more than WH to the point where I fucking hate WH and will never even play it a second time because it was that much of a disappointment to me.
mediocre compared to other games with hype surrounding them, I have never heard of a game getting more hype than the witcher 3 did, except for maybe minecraft
Story-wise (as the main story) w3 is mediocre compared to the first two.
I resisted playing it for years, since I assumed I wouldn't like it. I watched various gameplay videos and it seemed too story and dialog heavy, linear, and probably boring. I had bought it super cheap on some Steam sale many years prior, but never installed it.

I don't know what happened, but I decided to finally give it a go about a year ago, and it's great. The story and writing are a step above most games, and it is overall executed pretty well. There are some QOL issues, especially related to controls. It's not a perfect game and I feel it is a bit overhyped. I'd give it a 8/10 still.
Gerald is a lame duck.
It’s a great selling game because it’s a game for non-gamers
The game is extremely over hyped, and I say that as an avid lover of Cyberpunk, Fallout NV, BG3, Elden Ring, ME1-3, Dragon Age, and way more. I struggle to remember any game as disappointing when compared to its hype as the witcher 3 was.
To use a pizza analogy, the Witcher 3 is to gaming what Pizza Bagels are to *an actual* Pizza. 

The amount of folks that will in the same breath say “Yeah, the first 10-20 hours aren’t that good. Oh, and the combat is mid at best” *and* “10/10, will never be topped” just blows my mind. 

It’s a 7 out of 10 game. The *actual gameplay* parts aren’t good. I’d also argue the story is massively overrated, but that’s so against the consensus that I’ll just give in and say it has a perfect story. But a 10/10 story and 5/10 gameplay *does not* make a 10/10 game. 

Also, for all the folks that love it but admit the combat is mediocre…how many hours of your life have you dedicated to that combat?  The actual story is, what, 10-20 hours of the total game?  Folks compare Witcher 3 to a good show with a bad first season, but as far as time invested is concerned, it’s more like watching 10 seasons so that the awesome 11th season makes sense.
I just dont get the appeal, all the witcher fans are just crying about their game getting criticism instead of highlighting why its good, it just reinforces my views on it.
    Huge Witcher fan here. I can agree that it gets more praise than it deserved, but it was very revolutionary in video game writing.

I think the game drags after Novigrad really hard. But the quest design and variety of choice was better than any game at the time. It harkened back to the iso RPGs quest structure. They were the first to be able to really make that happen for a AAA game and it sell well.

It’s because of Witcher 3 that developers started to have a hard time with the “no one likes single player games” bs they were pushing and made long well fleshed out side quests a thing everyone wanted to copy.

But yeah valid criticisms for sure but it did a lot of amazing things for game design.
        When I finally looked up what I was missing if I picked other choices, I wasn't missing much.

I was told choices mattered.  And I guess some minor characters dieing can be big if you liked the world but I was hoping for story breaking King's Quest level bad choices.

I was disappointed.
I tried getting into it twice, and with how many good games were released this year i dont see myself ever trying it again.
You are also racist and antisemitic if you think the Witcher is a bad game
>  The game has been voted as the best game in the history of gaming

This has never happened. 

Ever.
No it has not. Where did you see it was voted as number one? And this is coming from someone who LOVES the game. I liked it so much I stopped playing for a year because I was sad about finishing it. Sorry I’m on your side but I just had to respond to that, it is not number one. Maybe top thirty cause remember there’s a lot of dope games to go through.
I’m a pretty informed and avid gamer of many years (lol). I am also not much of an edgy critic by any means.  But dead serious I kinda feel the same way as the guy who posted.  Like I don’t feel as strongly as he does, but there have been 3 instances where I have really tried to commit to playing this game and liking it, but to this day I have still never finished it and I feel like I probably only ever got like 40% through (maybe).

Like I didn’t hate it, I thought it was cool and obviously a well made game and good lore, but something about the game was just such a slog for me.
    I think for me it just... i don't know how to explain it, it physically felt bad to play? Like the inventory system being a game of tetris is the most annoying thing ever, movement felt off, battles felt clunky. It's the first game I picked up where i just didn't like the whole feel of the gameplay. Except Gwent. Gwent rules.
        They could have just released a game where you roam the world and battle people for gwent cards and I would play the fuck out of that game.
            They did....it's called ThroneBreaker
        I feel exactly the same way. First off, I was an avid fan and read all the books and played the first two games so to go into the game with a npc leveling system was kinda annoying. Geralt at this point is a fucking boss and it felt lame to not be there.

Second, I went back around a year ago to try to play it since beating it from when it first launched and it was hard to play. It seemed clunky and repetitive in the combat and i didn’t really look forward to the fights. Witcher 2 had it’s flaws but the hardest mode made it feel like you were an actual witcher because you either had to truly prepare for your fight or actually be phenomenal at combat. Witcher 3’s combat got old.

The story was still awesome and I enjoyed the game overall but I don’t think it ages well like I had envisioned in my mind. And plus gwent. Gwent rules.
        Have you played it since the ps5 update? Combat is so much smoother now; it doesn't feel nearly as clunky.
            nope, don't have a ps5, but i'm happy to hear it!
        yeah i tried 3 or 4 times to get invested, the closest I got was my first playthrough where I ended up getting obsessed with gwent and playing just that game for 10-20 hours, then realizing I had no idea what to do next or who anybody even is, and quit. Beautiful, impressive, clunky game...
        I'm convinced you didn't play either of the first 2 games. It was night and day compared to those.
        I’m so glad other people feel this way. I felt the same way when I played it. It just felt like a grind, I really didn’t understand all the hype around it. The concept is awesome, the show is great, but the experience of playing it was mediocre at best.
        The gameplay was a 3/10 and boring at best, clunky at worst while the story was pretty good once you got into it. The other builds besides using swords were just "press 1 button, kill every thing" with bombs or Ignis while using swords was just keep spamming the fast dodge and spam light or heavy attacks when it was safe.

Ciri's gameplay was kind of fun though having abilities.
        Yeah I don’t get why nobody talks about it. The combat system just feels so off
        This entirely. It just was doing too much in the inventory and potion and crafting menus that, while it would be possible to make sense of it, it wasn’t intuitive or fun. The combat was alright, and the main character is cool. But I just straight up didn’t vibe with actively playing the game
        I've tried to pick it up twice, but the general movement/feel of combat killed all desire for me both times.  It seems to have a more realistic momentum-ish feeling (takes time to stop/change direction) but it's just so rough for a fast-paced action game.  Makes all of your inputs feel bogged down and delayed.

It sucks because story/lore wise, it's very interesting, but it feels awful even to run around in.
        My unpopular opinion was I hated Gwent and just didn’t get it.
    I looooved the game but maybe got 60% maybe 70% and never picked it back up got bored plus the main quest line seemed never ending but fuck I loved that game
        I've never played an RPG game like this (just generally, never really played roaming RPGs like that).

One of my favourite games ever.
        I remember being 60 hours in and thinking I was about to beat the game lmfao. Still my favorite game ever made to this day.
    Have to say it's the same for me.

Three times I have restarted and replayed. First I stopped when you get past the first map (tutorial area) 

Second time when I got to the big town and found they were burning someone alive.

And the last time when I got to ard skellige.  

Each time it was years before I tried it again

I love the LOOK of the world. But...for some reason, I keep running out of interest in playing.

My last play finished about six months ago. Since then I've moved on to Elden ring and bg 3. I've stopped playing bg3 now and gone back to Elden ring, which is absolutely mesmerising. 

Why doesnt witcher 3 feel this way? What's missing from it? I can;t quite work it out..on the surface, this should be the perfect game for me. Beautiful, runs decently, rpg, first person.

Maybe...it's just too horrible in some places. too real.
        For me it’s the combat system. It feels kinda janky
            It’s the dodging for me, it’s like dodge dodge hit 3 times dodge dodge dodge hit 3 times. 

Tried a spell run but it’s the same just with longer intervals even on hardest settings
                I love the game but I agree, the combat system is a bit boring, even on legendary (orwhatever that mode is called). There were only a few boss fights that were vaguely difficult.
            The combat is super janky.  They tried to do an action combat thing, but your spells are mediocre, your sword swings don't feel weighty at all, and dodging doesn't work half the time
            A lot of people have said that. I have to say it isn;t a lot of fun, especially compared to something like elden ring.
                I completely agree. I don’t understand how some people can like the combat in the Witcher but good for them I guess
            It felt extremely polished compared to the first 2 games imo
        BG3 is great fr. Love how if you want to see everything you have to do multiple playthroughs
        A lot of people don’t like being tortured by a video game. Elden Ring is a game where you play against yourself, the Witcher you play because being a hero is fun.
        Yeah sounds like you’re just put off from the racism and stuff that happens in the game.
        I'll tell you what's missing. The same thing that's missing from Skyrim. Good gameplay. These games appeal to people for whom story and role play are the focus.

On the other hand I loved Elden Ring. That game is everything those other games aren't.
            Poorly written?
            I couldn't get into Skyrim
        Gotta agree, I feel that there is a minimum reading comprehension level that is required to actually enjoy the gameplay, and also only made it about 40%-50%.
        Everyone's different I think Witcher 3 and RDR2 are generational games where as turn based and another dark souls roll and slash game just do nothing for me at all
    Same here. I've even bought the game for three different platforms. I've gotten about 10 hours or so in when I generally lose interest. I read the books. I love the setting. I think the writing  and voicework in the game are brilliant. It's even my favorite genre, but the gameplay has just never clicked for me.
        Yeah I even finished it and loved witcher 2. But it was a slog to finish 3.
    I’ve read all the books and played the first two games, and find the Witcher 3 kinda mid.  I’ve never even finished it, I have quite a bit of time played on it and remember almost nothing from it.
    Always thought there's something wrong with me and that I didn't really click with this game. I kept thinking everyone else says it's the best game ever but I'm just wondering around the bushes with my horse not really that impressed with anything.
    I agree. There are certain elements of the game and plot that I liked but for the most part I wasn’t really engaged for the vast majority of the game. The Blood and Wine DLC was good though; I actually throughly enjoyed that storyline.
    I have 11 hours in the game. Also think it's boring. Now at 60 in rdr2 and think it will get more.
    Yep, right there with you. I've tried a few times to get into but damn the gameplay is just so... Uncompelling
    Same here. The combat never looked enticing to me. The world looks cool and the dialogue looked fantastic. But just seeing my friend play the game I knew it wasn’t for me. I can only do the type of combat so much. Between assassins creed black flag and Batman games - kinda just over it . Reminds me of Zelda combat (keep in mind I loved the Zelda games on n64)
    I came from a pretty hard Dark souls games binge and was told I would like this. 

I fucking hated it. It felt like some bastardized MHW meets Dark souls. 

I cannot stand spending half of a fight paused figuring out oils and spells and whatnot.
    I’ve had pretty much the exact same experience.

For me, my theory is that I don’t like playing as Geralt. He’s not friendly or kind, he grunts a lot, has deadpan responses, and the premise is he doesn’t help people for free.

I tend to like to play more altruistic / paladin-like characters, that are selfless and help people not for money but because it’s right. That do incredible things for people that really have no other way. For example, helping citizens in KOTOR or doing some good in Fallout 3.

I think the #1 thing I miss of earlier RPG’s is the karma system, like Mass Effect, Fallout, etc. I used to do everything I could crank that to good. 

Anyway that’s my theory.
    That's me in breath of the wild and now tears of the kingdom. I just can't. I get so bored after a few sessions and quit.
    I'm the exact same way. I really gave this game a try, multiple times. I'd get maybe 10 - 20 hours and just lose the will to keep going
    I think awkward movement and clunky combat are things that definitely should not just be forgiven. They get a pass on it because they were both miles ahead of the previous Witcher games while still being miles behind the competition. The controls and how they feel are your first connection to the game and when those are off the entire thing is off.

I still highly believe that half of the reason it even got attention was horny teenagers and pre-teens getting to see tits. That's the only way the "10/10" game that you experience through very poor controls and combat that are miles behind the competition holds that score.
    i am the exact same way
    This is exactly how I feel about RDR2.  I respect the love but do not share it.  Clearly a well, made game that people rave about. But... so...boring... I've tried 3 times and just can't.

Obviously, some great games don't connect with certain people for some reason.
    I tried to play the game a few times when it first came out and thought it was ok but also never really got that far into it. I decided to try it again about a year ago when I got the dlcs on sale but I played at the hardest difficulty and it felt a lot better. Like you actually have to prepare for fights and use oils and potions and stuff, I had a lot of fun with it that time. I even bought the other 2 because your choices are supposed to carry through all of them but the gameplay on the first 2 is probly the worst of any game I've personally played.
    Can't say I blame you. It took me a bunch of tries to even get into it, I just didn't get it at first, I'd start playing it then give up and move on to something else. Then I'd do it all over again. Eventually, I decided to give it one more try and for whatever reason, that was when it hooked me. And I mean it, I fell in love with it completely. I've put hundreds of hours into it at this point.
    40% is about the furthest I’ve made it, too, and that was forcing myself. I just cannot get into the game no matter how I try…and I *do* try. I revisit it now and again to see if maybe my tastes have changed but alas…I find it to be a slog.
    I've done White Orchard 4 times and I always end up losing interest in the game. I loved the Witcher 2 and couldn't put it down. I kinda feel a lot of what OP said - Witcher 3 not bad, but it's dreary and the combat is a chore. I usually put it down because there's something else I'd rather play.
    Ill be honest. I loved it the first time after I really got settled in... But...even after the ps5 upgrade I installed, I never play it. Tried it for about 5 minutes then flipped it off and went to Nioh 2.
    100% agreed, I played the game 3 times but couldn't finish it. Story was OK but the gameplay and mechanics just wasn't for me either.
    I have had this game on my computer for 5 years, I play it for 2 hours every 6 months and try to make myself like it.
    Honestly I wish it had more masterfully designed quests like "devil by the well"
Which was a great early game quest that introduced mechanics, had a great story, and showed the world has more going on than it initially appears.
    The story and quests with the Baron was great and probably carried the rest of the game. Everything else was kinda generic RPG and adequate. I had a very hard time finishing the game to because it got pretty boring..
    I agree. "slog" is a good descriptor. I had a fun with the Witcher 3 but I did not enjoy it anywhere *near* as much as most people seem to have. I agree with a lot of what OP says.

I definitely got my moneys worth. However, I will likely never play it again.
[removed]
    Same for me. My husband recommended I try it bc Skyrim was one of my favourite games of all time but I just didn’t like it. I don’t think it’s so unbelievable that not everyone likes something, even if it’s popular lol
        The Witcher 3 is my favorite game of all time. I also have ADHD and can't stand watching cutscenes, so I skip all of them. I have no idea what the story is about after playing it from start to finish three times. Also, Gwent is fun as fuck.
            How can you not have the attention to follow the story but have the attention to do gwent?
                ADHD is a bit of a misnomer. I feel it as an over abundance of attention, just extremely difficult to direct.
                    High focus laser beam that never turns off, however it is..manageable with meds, I have adhd and I actually somewhat enjoyed it? But it did not leave a big impression on me like outer worlds, Also the combat is kinda bland.
                Gwent is kind of strategic if you're paying with good cards, and it can feel very engaging, the cit scenes can be hit or miss, and with adhd boredom is your worst enemy
                    Bro monster decks are like cocaine when you get a good hand
                    Fair enough. Thanks for sharing your perspective. I enjoyed the story but have barely touched gwent in my two playthroughs.
                        That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
                Once you set up your deck gwent really doesn't take much attention.

My monster bois crushed anyone no matter what card I put on the table 9 times out of 10.
            This is the only thing I take away from these types of posts.

So fine you didn't like something a lot of people like. Different strokes.

But get off the conceit that everybody else is wrong and "deluding" themselves somehow.

Video gaming is very much like tv or music. There are no right or wrong answers. Just taste/opinions.
                I swear most debates about whether gaming or movies are good/bad are just people who liked something and can't admit it wasn't that good or people who hated it and can't admit it wasn't that bad.

I can have some pretty outrageous tastes but it's not that difficult to accept that it's just that.

I can give my opinion as fact though, especially when others are doing it, it really gets them riled up.
                Yeah I agree. It's the contempt and victim mentality and that everyone else is wrong that makes this a shit post
            Dude, there's narration recapping the story every time you load the game. 

IN DETAIL
            Witcher 3 definitely just became the gwent game for me. Like, I was just doing main quests to unlock more maps and then potentially more gwent opponents lol
            I watched all the cutscenes and I still had no idea what the story was after playing it.
                The story is Find girl.
                    save the cheerleader, save the world
                        WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
                    The story is play Gwent.
                        ^
                That's pretty embarrassing
            I’m 50/50 on cutscenes. My fav game genre is JRPGs and they notoriously have a lot of cutscenes and usually not the most exciting combat, the story is what gets me. The thing is there’s a fine balance of how much cut scene is too much. And sometimes on repeat play throughs I’ll just skip through them.

I don’t remember the Witcher 3 having a lot of cut scenes after the tutorial but I also didn’t get super far into the story. I got sidetracked during the main quest and stopped to pick flowers at some point on my way to see Yennefer lol
            Gwent was the only fun thing about the entire game
            > I also have ADHD

This is a cop-out, not an excuse. My GF has near-crippling ADHD and she couldn't focus *more* on a good storyline.
            Gwent is something I wish I got into as the game was going. I had a time limit before was selling my computer back to my friend and was hoping to power through it (not even close) and skipped the Gwent stuff. I now can’t play Gwent at all without getting destroyed and have to go back to the beginning areas to find certain characters to get the Gwent cards from.
            I don't like card games (I don't like a lot of games honestly).

Is there ADHD that's ADHD im reverse?

Because I see comments saying they have X and Y and then comments saying they have the same but in A.

&nbsp;

I mean is, ADHD, but you live for the cutscenes, you could watch them all say long and it is a bummer when they end and you have to return to the game.

&nbsp;

See, this is what I said in another comment. No one is like this. Why am I like this?
        Skyrim is just an inferior version of oblivion
        Skyrim lets you off from the start, you can be a monster in Blackreach before you ever get shitted from Nazeem. Same way Oblivion had “Wenion Priory” and most people just strolled right into Coral.


But Witcher is like “Help the Fat Man!” I dont care… “the Baron’s child was a ghost and he hung himself!” Hanged - he’s not a shirt, he’s a Carradine it’s a hanging - and…i still don’t really care 🤷‍♂️
            There’s nothing forcing you to do the Baron’s quests either.
        it was the same for me, loved Skyrim but played maybe an hour of witcher and i just didn't like anything about it sadly
            Starting to think there's a pattern here, especially since I loved The Witcher 3 and can't stand Skyrim. It's almost as if they're very different game styles that just share a similar setting.
                the fun of Skyrim for me was creating my own character choosing their backstory whom you decided if you wanted to be good or bad etc with a premade character I didn't feel the same way. maybe partially that's why I just couldn't like the witcher or geralt since I may have expected it to be too much like Skyrim.
        Not sure what makes games so great for you but the Score whoch mesns the music is easily one lf the best and most original which just makes the game top tier.
        that's literally me i love skyrim but the witcher tried to play it 5 times got bored 5 times uninstalled boring game
        My unpopular opinion: Skyrim is boring AF and the combat is atrocious. I have no idea how it was/is so popular.
            I agree the combat leaves a lot to be desired. Tbh the first time I played Skyrim I also didn’t like it. I was fucking lost. Couldn’t even figure out how to level up lmao. Part of the reason I like it is just the open world exploration. I learned to stop having quest anxiety and just do what I like, which is exploring. It’s also got an incredible soundtrack, and the scenery is beautiful, especially with mods. 

I don’t think there’s any particularly incredible quests in Skyrim that made me go “wow omg” but there’s also few gaming experiences I’ve had that compared to setting foot in Blackreach for the first time. I also like that you don’t HAVE to do anything in Skyrim. You don’t even have to start the main story quest. You can do anything you want, in any order, or nothing at all. You just get dropped into Skyrim and can do whatever you want.
        I love both TW3 *and* Skyrim... but for entirely different reasons. The games are only alike in that they're fantasy settings with RPG elements.
        My wife loved Witcher 1 and thought 2 was okay. We’ve both tried to play 3 and neither of us have over 10 hours in it.
        Eh, because OP didn’t say it wasn’t for them, they said it’s mediocre. I’ve tried to get into TW3 at least three separate times now, but have kind of bounced off of it in less than five hours each time. I can still recognize it’s quality.
        This is such a common misconception. Skyrim and The Witcher 3 are in almost nothing alike.

Skyrim has simpler combat and a simpler world. The power of Skyrim is it’s simplicity. You make your own character and the skills + progression is beyond anything I’ve ever seen. The focus isn’t on story in the game, that’s why some people find it barebones, the focus is on your character, progression and exploration.

In The Witcher, the skills and progression are barebones. The story is pretty good (mostly the side stories). I’d say The Witcher has a real focus on story and world building, but lacks in everything else to Skyrim.
            I agree! Was just mentioning in another reply that the only thing they really have in common is that it’s an open world fantasy setting. 

Skyrim’s storytelling does leave a lot to be desired but you really just boot the game up and do whatever you want right from the get go. The first few hours of TW3 were pretty handholdy to me, and while the combat was more interesting, I felt like there was a lot more pressure to stick to the story. I wasn’t going into it expecting that so maybe it was a little off putting. I don’t think it’s a bad game in any way, just wasn’t my vibe.
    Same here, and I love almost every game it’s recommended alongside. Going to give it another go this weekend but if third time playing 8-10 hours isn’t the charm, I guess it’s just not for me

Edit: you guys are ridiculous, I didn’t even say anything bad about it lmao my goodness
        Same. Exactly my type of game. And it is highly reviewed. But when I play it I feel like the combat is just button mashing, the enemies are damage sponges, and the spells are fiddly and annoying to incorporate in a fight.
            I think it was the spells that got me now that you say it
        Same, gave it two goes and lost interest. Which is shame cuz rpgs are some of my fav things in the world
            For me the controls were clunky, and too many long cut scenes.
                Yes that was what bugged me too. Controls were clunky and combat felt floaty(?) for lack of better term. I also really hated the durability system, yes I know it makes for realistic gameplay, but it felt so forced and unnecessary.

I didn’t enjoy it despite giving it 2-3 tries.
                Long cutscenes are a huge turn off for me! Can’t play any metal gear solid games because of them…
        Just push past the bit of a slog that is the Velen and the Baron. Once you’re out of the swamp, shit really picks up imo
            Does the combat get any better? Story is one thing like I’d put up with a lot for what I’ve heard about it, but something about the combat just makes my brain shut off
                To an extent that’s in the eyes of the beholder, the combat system itself doesn’t change much but with the sign upgrades, armour/weapon sets, and variety in monsters to slay I’d say it gets better. But that being said, if you dislike how the combat feels then no, probably won’t get much better for ya
                    I really don’t understand why I have such trouble with it, I play a bunch of other games that vary from more complex combat mechanics to those that are significantly bad/clunky. 

Oh well. I’ll give it another shot, I’ll go for making it past the Baron before reassessing
                        I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
                        there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
                        I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
                The combat system broke my brain the first few times I tried it. The third time I pushed myself to play a bit longer and for some reason it eventually clicked. Once that happened I couldn't put the game down.
                    For me it clicked eventually because I slowed down. I think I was used to faster combat and couldn't get the hang of it at first. Ended up enjoying a lot more afterwards by taking my time with attacks.
                I was told to play on atleast blood and broken bones because it makes you use more of the options in a fight and makes the fights more tense and meaningful. Honesty, it was good advice. After I beat the game I switched down to sword and story difficulty and I saw how boring the games combat would be if I'd played it like that. Also play gwent. Trust me, you will thank me later.
                What difficulty were you playing on? The combat felt way better (albeit pretty hard) on my deathmarch playthrough, after not really sticking for me on normal.
                No the combat is always poor, and gets more laughable in the DLC
            The Bloody Baron is one of the best parts of the game and was always regarded as such. Has that changed recently since people are starting to say they didn't like it?
            I loved the baron story, though the characters were so well written and fleshed out. Honestly if you don’t like it at the Barons, you’re probably not going to like the game as a whole.
                I feel like it takes time for even the barron to grow on people.

For me, I liked how side-quests just seemed to open and close in a compelling way, in particular how lairs, ruins, and wizard labs were gradually uncovered. But the baron...along with much of the aesthetic, felt like a kingdom of mud. I had to do a few main quests and get caught up in the writing.

I suppose I'd say the setting took time for me to adjust to.

TLDR; I really like Witcher 3, but I can easily see how it can straight up fail to hook people.
            I don't think I should have to suffer past a certain point for a game to become enjoyable. If your game is enjoyable from the start, I feel like that is a design problem. Devise a better way to introduce me to what is interesting about your gameplay loop, or may the introduction to the game interesting enough that I want to push through whatever big wall I am about to run into.
            Oddly I recall right after launch that many people were saying the Bloody Baron's storyline was the best part of the game. I understood where they were coming from in that it's drama-filled, but it also felt so pointless. It was a well crafted sidequest that they forced into the MQ puzzle.
            Interesting take, I had the complete opposite experience. I loved the Baron story and it helped me slog through the gameplay to conclude it. Act 2 bored me right out of the game
        I think that’s more than a fair try and also, gaming is supposed to be fun, not a chore. If you don’t like something then go to the next game. Same with reading - some people force themselves to finish  books they hate. It’s a hobby not a competition!
    I played for an hour and I remember going up to a village doing something got bored and uninstalled
    Not liking something doesn't mean it's \*BAD\* or \*MID\*

I dislike games I can recognize are well made
        This. Tried baldurs gate 3. Then I saw it was turn based. Instantly refunded. Im sure it's great, but it's just not my kind of game.
            To be fair I absolutely hate turn based combat and I still loved Baldur's gate 3 for some reason because it's just that good. I have a few mates who also experienced the same thing. Might be worth checking it out one day!
        [deleted]
        TW3 has major flaws, especially in gameplay. They tried to fix it with an alternate control mode but it did not do much. Geralt controls like a boat, the combat is floaty and imprecise, and it's just overall a pain to actually play.

So some parts are well made (side quests, world building, writing, characters, graphics) but some others are really poor (gameplay, both exploration and combat, gear progression, skill progression).
            The boat like controls are easily the shittiest part of the game.
            Everything that makes the game a game and not a show is mediocre
                Yeah, I LOVED the books but hated the games and I've tried all 3.

Small things for world building even meant that the story wasn't as good. Just things like hanging dead bodies when they know that causes necrophages, or the fact that towns near monsters don't have the simplest of defences (so that guy got attacked *inside* the town) meant that I couldn't look past gameplay I didn't enjoy.

Dragon Age inquisition was an example of a game where I liked the story and LOVED the world building but I just didn't really enjoy the gameplay.

W3 gameplay is better than the first 2 but I still didn't enjoy it.
    I actually finished the whole game twice... i played the first two games in the hopes it would increase my appreciation for it, and still don't care for it. 

The movement and combat feel stilted. The side quests all end the exact same. My favorite part of the entire thing is gwent.
    Yeah, the game is just not that interesting.

I even tried reading the books and jesus fucking christ if they aren't the most mid quality supermarket paperback books of fantasy that you can ever find. There's no wonder the netflix show creators didn't want to follow them.
    That’s fine, but the graphics are just still objectively good and the writing is one of the best compared to almost any RPG that’s ever existed.

It’s 100% completely reasonable to hate playing the game. 

Thinking people who do enjoy it are deluded is absurd, ignorant at best. 

It’s like not liking chicken. 

Super reasonable even though it’s one of the most popular meats in existence.

“People are fucking stupid for liking chicken” is a very different very dumb opinion.
    I love this subreddit. 80% of the posts are popular opinions and the 20% that arent are "stupid bait"
    Fuck I loathed Skyrim and the Witcher 3. I wanted to love them, I really did.

God of war, assassin's Creed pre-rpg, horizons ftw
    Glad its not just me. I keep trying to pick it up  but the way combat feels, weapon management, potion system being a requirement, flat affect protagonist, and story structure make me just close the game. I get it's critically acclaimed but I just cannot get into it
    Also didn’t like it. The combat was fucking horrible, alchemy is a chore and I didn’t feel any emotional connection to the world
    I did the exact same thing but with Skyrim and Ted Dead. I never got into those games. I totally see why people call them some of the best games ever but it definetly was not for me
I couldn't get into it. I thought I'd love it because the concept of spooky shit and gore is right up my alley, but honestly the combat feels awful and slow. I'd much rather turn on a playthrough of it than play it myself.
I don’t agree to quite the degree OP is going, but the game did not grab me at all.
Not everyone likes what you do. It might be hard to believe. I also dont like the witcher 3
    Yeah but the post is not saying “I personally don’t like Witcher” it’s going, “Witcher is objectively a boring and bland game” and then further going “people who like it are deluded”.
        Yeah and any opinion like THAT is a stupid opinion but let's not pretend people don't always act like their opinions are somehow superior over stupid shut.
"Every opinion I don't like is bait".

Witcher 3 is my favorite game and this is such a bad take. People are allowed to have opinions especially about something as inocculus as a video game. It isn't bait just because it's unpopular.
    > inocculus

bruh
        This word hijackedmy brain
I'm Polish. I read the books in early 2000s, they were ok. The first game was decent, not too long, a bit janky. The second one had tedious moments, still not too bad. The third one dragged on, especially Skelige, that was a serious chore. Overall, it's not bait, the game is decent, has issues with the pacing and overall not too replayable.
It's not. many of the criticisms are legit: bad combat, poor exploration, and the overarching quest of finding ciri isn't that interesting. That being said, I think the pros outweigh the cons, but that isn't going to be the case from everyone
    What would you class as the pros, I've tried the game and actually got into 1 because of the bestiary and it felt like I'd need to learn about the monsters I was hunting etc. I tried 2 and 3 but haven't got past the intros
        I wouldn't say it has a good plot, but it does have excellent writing. The side quests are great, and so are many of the characters. Have you played the ladies of the wood quest? that's one of the best quests in any game ever
Lmao, this subreddit is so stupid, the moment someone actually posts a unpopular opinion yall cry and call it bait😂💀
    Eh while I agree that this sub has a real problem with doing what it's supposed to (more often than not just upvoting popular opinions or opinions that are controversial in public but popular on Reddit, downvoting everything else) there are some "unpopular opinion bait posts" on here from time to time.

Someone just thinks of something highly popular on Reddit, thinks of the most basic excuses as to why someone wouldn't like it and acts flabbergasted as to how Reddit finds that topic so good. There's little actual critical analysis or pushback, no recognition of positives about the topic or comparisons to a superior alternative. It's almost like the OP just lights the powder keg on something they know most of Reddit is highly interested in (which probably means there's people also sick of the popularity and want to discuss it as overhyped/overrated).

Not saying that's what *this* OP did, however. I dunno if they've made much of an argument for disliking Witcher 3 (not that they need to, but the less detail the more superficial and baity it comes across as).
        Personally I don't like it either, but that's because the gameplay just feels lack luster in my opinion, there's nothing really bringing me back. And that's just that, you don't need a good reason not to like something, it's just not for them. Just like people who don't like rdr2 the gameplay might just be lackluster for them
Not at all. I was bored out of my mind after a while. It is possible for people to not like something that's popular.
The game isn’t for everyone, I absolutely adore the Elder Scrolls series so I figured I’d love the world of The Witcher 3, made it to maybe lvl 11 and stopped playing.

On the flip side I absolutely consumed every last bit of Cyberpunk 2077, did every side gig, found all the iconic weapons etc.
I agree with the poster except i agree because the game is trash. I cant stand cut scenes and thats like half the game.
It isn’t, this game sucks
nah it’s boring
Is it bait just because you don’t agree? Lmao.
It's an unpopular opinion and one I tend to agree with. The game truthfully did nothing ground breaking, was massively overhyped by people who didn't experience the trainwreck it was at launch, and it suffered from a lackluster story that railroaded the player into making really gross decisions, like helping a wife beater exorcise the ghost of the unborn child he killed when he beat his wife for wanting to leave him because he beat her!
First time hearing an opinion you don't like?
I didn’t like it either.

Not liking something that’s popular is not “bait.”
Yeah I tried the game for a good 10 hours, it was nowhere near as amazing as people made me think it would be, the dialogue and voice acting was so bad it was funny, and the combat felt really aged
I came into contact with the Witcher universe through Gwent, the standalone card game released quite a while after Witcher 3.

Immediately fell in love with *everything* about that game. All the cards looked so cool, all the monsters, all the characters, all the bits of lore I could pick up here and there.

I was thrilled to finally get into The Witcher 3 and see just about all these iconic cards and monsters and moments and omg hype because everyone always talks about how great that game is.

Bought the game, got through the Bloody Baron part, amazing story and all that, but I was just bored out of my fucking mind after a couple hours. Closed the game, didn't open it again for several years. Gave it another go a couple years later, managed to play it out a bit longer, stumbled upon the Crones, rode around here and there... still quit a couple hours in because it was boring and tedious as fuck to me.

I love the world of the Witcher... but I've never finished the any Witcher game and probably never will because they're awful *to me personally*.
I played 50 hours. Game is mid. What hype is there exactly?
Did you forget what subreddit you were on? It’s for um… well yk🤦‍♂️
    Trust me it frequently happens
pics or it didn’t happen
    Feet pics or it didn't happen
        And they better be pork!
            gotta see those little piggies
                I love Reddit
                    I love you
        Quentin, is that you?
I can also confirm. I was the computer screen
It's one of those games where you have to spend 75% of your post praising it before you're allowed to criticize it.

What you want to say:  The combat in this game is janky as fuck.

What you have to say if you don't want to get downvoted:  "I really liked the story and Gwent is super fun.  It's one of the most immersive games I've ever played and the devs are just so generous with all the free content!!  All that said, I have to admit that the combat was a little difficult to control and I just really couldn't get the hang of it."
    I hate how everything you write has to be like this these days though.

What makes my skim itch and shed though, is that if it is not universally praised, then it is fair game to dunk on it. Screw those that like it or if it actually is good.

&nbsp;

Look how long until someone said something controversial about The Witcher.

Conversely it takes some 10 years for someone to finally say "remember that thing everyone hated? It isn't half bad."
        Subreddits either decide "this game is perfect and cannot be criticized" (Witcher 3, TLOU2) or they decide "this game is dogwater and nobody could possibly enjoy it" (basically any Blizzard game).  The upvote system means you can't disagree with the hivemind or you get downvoted below the visibility threshold.
    Sounds like what you have to do when talking about any FS game on r/fromsoftware hahaha
I *liked* the game. I never loved it though. People praise combat as fluid or whatever, but 95% of the time it was one dimensional. Gwent was fuckn fun though
    Gwent was so good, they made a game of the game within the game.
Same here. It just feels good to finally say Geralt is cringe and his friends are boring after listening to everyone piss their pants over this game for a decade
    His dialog drives me a little bit nuts. Would it kill him to utter one single complete sentence?
        Winds howling
        Hmmm.
        Even Master Chief’s one-liners were one or two sentences long.
        I actually like this about him, if I recall from my past attempt at playing the game, the problem is that everyone else takes waaay too long to get to the point. Except that guard that just says “Fuck” when you walk by, that guy is my hero.
            Twitter didn't exist back then.

&nbsp;

Honestly I find that dialogue in real life is far more bloated.

People go on and on and on to just say one thing or they repeat themselves.

Wich ironically I think I am also a victim of.
        It drove me crazy the way he'd just start sentances in the middle of them. Nobody talks like that, and it sounds stupid.
            I proudly didn't play the games.

I believe, however, that that is what he has going for him.

Aside from his body, he isn't Hunan anymore.

It's a dilemma with story telling. Else you just write normal people in a fantasy setting.
            It's an attempt at flavourful translation. Thing is, you can trim polish sentence a lot without it sounding unnatural, if you want to be brief. Not so much in english
        He talks a lot to the people he cares about. Otherwise he's a cynical old man who's just over everyones shit. 

Comes with the territory of being despised by every hillbilly peasant and fucked over by every wanna be lord. 

He's a grouchy old guy who only comes out of his shell for his crew.
    Geralts voice is some of the most grating shit I've heard. It feels like I'm listening to someone who whishes they had a deeper voice and is forcing it so hard.
        The whole reason I could never get into the game was his voice and everyone thinks I’m insane. But today I have found my people
        My gf overheard me playing it once and asked "are you romancing somebody? Why is he trying so hard to sound sexy" lmao
The only thing that kept me going was the card game
I feel the same way about “The Last of Us”.
Holy hell, are you me? I feel like I've been dogpiled for pointed out a criticism of TW3 to an insane degree, even if I tone it down. Now, I just say fuck it and voice my dislike for the game's... well, everything. Bad gameplay, boring characters, time-wasting and overly-long main story. If I'm damned either way, might as well not hold anything back!
I think my problem is that graphics, story, and characters are the three things I don't care about in games at all. These three categories are Witcher's focus area. So I just don't "get" it. I much prefer interesting gameplay systems over anything else.
As someone who absolutely LOVES this game and have spent over 250 combined hours in it - I’m loving these comments, it’s so fun to see all these drastically different takes. 

I may not like it, but hot damn! Haha!
Blame the internet edge lords and trolls that like running around going against everything. The only way to tell the difference between them and you is your dislike comes with reason.
I actually hate The Last of Us for example. It's actually terrible to me, like one of the worst games i've ever played, no exageration. And yes I understand many people love it, and in no way my opinion changes anything. And I am sure it is not a bad game AT ALL at the same time.
Release day skyrim is better than all of Witcher 3
Very cathartic to say I didn’t enjoy Witcher 3!

Conversely, I did really enjoy Cyberpunk on release so maybe I just have bad taste
How do you mean interactive ? I love the game but i think the side quests are the strongest part of the game, combat would be pretty weak compared to like a souls like. It definitely has its faults, I thought the voice acting was good though. I love the Witcher world so am probably more bias to someone coming in with no knowledge of the world.
    This has nothing to do with your comment, and I know people don't appreciate spelling corrections, but on the off chance that you legitimately didn't know, the word is biased* not bias
Lol “Life of Pi” is a movie. “Lies of P” is a solid game though definitely worth a play.
    Maybe the dude wants to be stuck on a boat  with a tiger for a few weeks... Don't yuck his yum
    Got into Souls games with ER, and played DS3 after that. I really liked DS3, but Lies of P was extremely boring during the first 4 hours I played - there was only 1 style of playing and the story couldn't grab me.

I'm currently 6-8 hrs into Lords of the Fallen and it feels a lot better than Lies of P. It's almost a hybrid between DS3 and Elden Ring, with its own cool mechanic.
        Honestly I think lies of p is actually kinda too hard

I'm in chapter 11, close to beating the game, and I will beat it. It's been decent I'd say. But I'd place it solidly below any actual from title as well as Nioh for souls likes.

The story is cool, I like the aesthetics. The music is okay, though its trying a bit too hard to copy dark souls. 

But the combat sometimes just feels shitty. You have to hit like 20 parries within the 3-5 frame window or some shit on attacks with huge delayed tells which you essentially need to memorize. And then you need to hit a slow ass charge attack on a boss before you can even get the visceral.

I rarely felt like I had "mastered" a boss. Like if I go back to sekiro today having not played it in years, I'm pretty confident I can still beat isshin within 5 tries cause I played the shit out of that game and got good at it's combat. But for lies of p, every boss just feels like I scraped by or got lucky on a good run.
    I got really confused when I saw the title of the game.

Same thing with TF2, which BFII and Outer Worlds and Outer Wilds.
    Life of Pi is solid though, do recommend
See i HATED elden ring but i also think soul games are boring as fuck! Well made game just not for me!
    Yeah I couldn't get into that game either.
    [deleted]
Thank you I have a bunch of games on backlog. Apparently if I try out Elden ring, I should most definitely play it last. Good to know.
    If you like other souls like games it will suck your time up. If youre like me and rather not spend 200 hours just to kill a single boss, find a buddy and get the co-op mod then let it suck up all your time
I think the real unpopular pinion is people like me who found Elden Ring to be incredibly underwhelming because it literally just feels like another Dark Souls game except for I guess you can pick berries and stuff...
Just finished cyberpunk. Absolutely worth the buy! First hour I was like “this is just gta in the future” but my goodness was I wrong. Definitely reccomend trying it out if you have time.
Whenever people say elden ring ruined other games it’s such a self tell lmao
    Telling of what?
        It tells you that they played Elden Ring.
            Big if true
I loved Elden Rings exploration, combat, build options and setting. 

But GODDAMN does the world feel dead, I couldnt bear to keep playing like halfway in, I dont even see a fucking reason to finish the game story wise, who cares if that world gets "ruined", theres like 10 people living in it, and most of them are psychotic or die by the end.
Elden Ring boring as hell
I loved breath of the wild, but as soon as I fused a minecart to my shield in Tears of the Kingdom it just kind of broke the magic and immersion of the world for me. Haven’t picked it back up since. Also tried twice to get in to Witcher 3 and just couldn’t
Elden Ring and BG3 are way different games I think you’ll be able to enjoy it without thinking of the other game.
Yeah tried Zelda but having a game too open really hurts the experience in my opinion. I could cheese shrines and rewards were trash so it made exploring boring.
I had a similar experience of not enjoying the Witcher 3. I just started BG3 a week or so ago and have like 30+ hours in it already.

I haven’t been this invested in a game since I was a kid.
I also dislike New Vegas, so you're not alone! Fallout 3 is much better, in my opinion. I found myself going back to FO3 after NV release, a lot.
Mm yes. Apt. Apt analysis, my good sir. I wanted to touch on his allegations of delusion as well. 🎩
Lmao what
So. Many. Question marks. 😂😂
Yeah that whole story line and side quests felt like it’s own little game!
I remembered when I first realized this. It was the quest with the man with the missing wife. It was a very short, minor quest but I was surprised at how much care they put into it. 

Once I got to the bloody Baron questline, I fell in love.
Oddly enough it was in novigrad that I started to really like the game. Go figure.
Sounds like you haven’t played it right, played it long enough, or given it your full attention.
You're like the Han Solo of the gaming community.
I recall watching a documentary on Halo, and one of the developers said something along the lines of, “a game is not worth playing if you’re not having fun after five minutes.” I have more patience than that, especially with RPGs (and Halo is an FPS), but the general spirit resonates with me. Witcher 3 fell into the camp of simply taking way too long to become fun. Maybe it was the extended tutorial, the overloaded cut scenes, the clunky UI, or the unnecessary do-everything extra bits. Regardless, it felt like I had to do tons of work before I could actually play. I played about 10 hours before I finally admitted to myself that the Witcher 3 is not for me.
That’s the same feeling I have with Fallout and Skyrim. I can’t get into them, they just aren’t fun. I liked the Witcher, but I totally understand if people couldn’t get into it. Not every game is for everyone.
Well you probably just haven’t played it enough lol only half joking
ya same. sunk 40 hours into it. did not get it. and I didn’t play it now either, I played a year after it came out.
I beat the entire game on hard and never bothered with crafting any oil or bombs right until the very end. Lower the difficulty, the inventory prep part of the game is made mostly for the hardest diffuciltys to gain a little edge.
Then play on easy... You don't need to really use that stuff unless on hard+
If you ever decide to give it another go, just know that you can beat the highest difficulty with nothing but basic attacks. No oils or min/max needed.
I ignored those without issue for like 95% of the entire game.
Your sword has broken. 

Traipse back to the blacksmith for the ninetieth time.
    I used a mod to remove the durability system cause it just added a pointless tedious task lol
Upgrading the gear in that game was better than most as they actually made them into lite quests instead of grinding.
Same, I started it several times. Then I got through the Bloody Barren quest line and made it to Novigrad, and fell in love. 

The world building, both visually and from a storytelling perspective, is phenomenal. Now I have like 400 hours logged in that game. Though it's not nearly as groundbreaking 9 years later, that world was bonkers when the game came out. And the incredibly well written side quests... Man, what a great game.
Wasted about 50 hours of my life to play it, boring game with bad combat and even worse cringy story lines and side stories which mount up to nothing.

It is like reading a bad YA novel for the first time and claiming it to be a literary master work.
I found pumping the difficulty up helped a lot with that, I imagine if you don’t side quest a lot and thus don’t over level it’s also more fun but I did end up pretty over levelled by the end anyway. I reckon it’s a balance thing more than anything else
    This^^ I started the game on "normal" and after I got hold of the combat I switched it up and up and up.
    There's "enemy upscaling" or whatever it's called that takes care of you being overlevelled, but at times will turn little threats (like rats) into demons of hell that cannot be killed.
    Tbh the combat is so basic even on max difficulty it was pretty easy to just spam dodge every time. I've beaten just about all the fromsoft games so maybe I'm just accustomed to more difficult dodge windows but it's extremely mindless regardless of difficulty for me. 

Also raising the difficulty really just made the enemies more spongey as far as I could tell. Went from 5 minutes of mindless dodging on easy to 15 minutes of mindless dodging on death march. Kinda don't see the point. 

Just play on whatever difficulty feels best for you. Higher difficulty just means you gotta spend more time with the clunky combat so there's no shame with easy. Imo this game needs a shitton of mods to be fun anyway.
😂😂 I had the same opinion and was hating hard for years, until I got diagnosed,and got the meds.
Now it’s in my top 5 games list.
    “Until I popped an adderal and played the shit out of it” lol I too have adhd
        lol,you killed me 😂😂🤣
        Dam, I got diagnosed last year. Welp, it's time to attempt the game again
    Medicated ADHD here. Still hate the witcher.
    So a free Witcher 3 copy added to these meds seems like nice marketing ploy 😁
    Fuck and this is how I find out? I always thought I did but now.. I tried witcher 3, 3 times. ~30 hrs each attempt. Can't get interested.
    Interesting, but just as many of the people that like it probably like it partially because their untreated ADHD made them hyper focused on it.
    Lol its funny how it can vary.  I have ADHD and love the Witcher 3, its the kind of game I can hyperfocus on for hours with or without meds.
    Now I need to check if I have ADHD. :(
    How do you get diagnosed adhd? What criteria has to be met?
So you have an attention deficit and you’re surprised you don’t like a game that takes most people like 30 hours MINIMUM to beat?
So what games do you play then? Do you need constant stimulation at all times?
That’s fair,it’s not like disliking the Witcher 3 automatically mean having adhd,but in my case it did 😂
Im sorry, you have adhd+
Yeah, I've tried playing through Witcher 3. I started my playthrough back in 2019 or so and still haven't beat it. The thing is, I only play if I know I have several hours to sink into it, and that's not all that often lol. Plus I'm a completionist, and the world is honestly just too big for that - not to mention 75% of the rewards for exploring are bad treasure chests and repetitive bandit camps. 

I preferred Witcher 2 because it was much more linear so I could jump in for 30 minutes here or there and enjoy myself. Plus the open world was a lot more manageable and so it felt like more care was put into exploration and side quests
Na but it might be why,you don’t like slower paced games.
Most open world games just aren't that good, theyre time sinks. I have ADHD and hate most open world games but I put 450 hours into RDR2 singleplayer so if the game is good enough it shouldn't matter
Oh my god… this may make sense!!! I’m not a fan of open world games and love games people hate for being “hallway simulators” like FFXIII and KH2
As someone with ADHD who has 200 hours in BG3 and has played RDR2 like 5 times by now and a bunch of other open world games….no. I think, at least for me, if the characters aren’t interesting enough I get bored extremely easily. To the point where it’s painful to continue playing. It’s why I couldn’t get through Horizon or Witcher 3. Protag and characters were boring as hell to me
I found the combat to be god awful and it’s a big reason why I gave up both times I played the game.

 I’ll take it even further than OP though and say I hated Geralt as well. He was a douchey cringe lord and felt like he was written by a neckbeard.
Can’t play something you don’t find fun and the combat makes it not fun.
Yeah if the core mechanic of the game is bad, I can’t justify playing it, no matter how great the story or whatever may be.
    Yeah I agree. I get great stories from books or movies. I'm playing games to entertained by gameplay.
    I've read the books, some are great, others are not great. They all beat the game by miles tho.
It just drags everything else down if the gameplay doesn’t hold up, whereas it’s much easier to excuse other aspects of a game being weaker if the gameplay holds up.
Honestly I just set the difficulty to second easiest and play it for the story, combat is not good, but it can be fun if you just decimate everything. You never get 100% used to it tho
    That's fair, I just need to still enjoy it, and I never could.
        That's completely fair too, the most important part of video games is having fun
That's exactly how I feel Witcher 3 *and* about Skyrim
Geralt walks like a tank drives
Yeah, honestly, the main story straight up jumps the shark once you find Ciri.

1. Geralt's idea to fight the Wild Hunt in Kaer Morhen seems rather... suicidal. The Kaer Trolde castle would've been a way better location. And the flippin' Emperor of Nilfgaard is willing and able to use his own resources to save his daughter... but Geralt doesn't want one of his generals leading so he's like "Nah." And General Voorhis doesn't even seem like much of an asshole so what's the problem, exactly?
2. Plus, the battle itself had massive levels of plot armour. [At one point Geralt gets magically frozen... and the Wild Hunt walks right past him!](https://youtu.be/zHKbzyY_U3A?si=I3dCmvw29sYiN60M&t=609) WHY? Why not just slice his head off?
3. And the rest of the story feels kinda rushed. It has shit like alternate worlds and dimension-hopping but they feel like afterthoughts. We spend a few minutes going through a couple of ages from Myst and only spend 5 minutes in the elf dimension. Yay...
4. The Wild Hunt is caught in a trap thanks to a McGuffin that wasn't even mentioned before in any of the 3 games (the Sunstone). Man, and here I thought the Crucible from Mass Effect 3 was sloppy. But at least that got revealed at the beginning of the 3rd game, not the end. [Look how tiny its Wiki page is, despite its narrative importance.](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Sunstone)
5. And it's definitely not a good thing when your ending gives me Mass Effect 3 ending vibes. Ciri walking towards the White Frost and thinking about stuff is just too... Catalyst-y. And yeah - Ciri defeats climate change! (WHAAAAAT...) And I'm not even sure how. She just touches it, I guess.
I saw those comments but I don’t get how they relate to his review of the game. Wouldn’t someone with ADHD be overwhelmed by this game? I don’t get how someone with ADHD finds the world bland and the exploration slow.
    I have monster ADHD. 

It makes things that are overwhelming feel boring because your brain doesn't want to go explore. It wants to follow to dopamine. 

Sure the writing in this 8 hour side quest is superb, but if I can't fight things for 7 1/2 out of the 8 hours of the quest It doesn't hold my attention. 

I love the game but it's just too slow for me to stay focused, so I just get bored.
So do I and I still put 100+ hours into the game because the story is interesting and there are LOTS of side quests.
Most people I know who've enjoyed Skyrim tell me they loved Witcher 3 as well so I guess we do have an unpopular opinion here.
    Ive been playing Skyrim since launch and still love it.

I've tried getting into witcher 3 at least 4 times and really didn't like it.. 

I don't think it's as unpopular as the fans think, but if you mention you don't like it, you get grilled, shamed, downvoted to oblivion, and told your OPINION is absolutely wrong..

 it gets old.. so a lot of us just choose not to say anything anymore 🤷‍♂️
    I am also one of them who loved Skyrim but didn't really get into Witcher 3. For me atmosphere is the biggest aspect in games and although W3 had some moments it never could reach the level of immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.
I am generally not an RPG fan so things like that are crucial for me to enjoy the game nevertheless.
        I have another potentially unpopular opinion in that I think geralt is really poorly voiced. The guy who does it just puts on a very monotonous "cool guy" voice. That doesn't really convey any character or bring any colour at all to the game. I was not able to create any sense of connection with such a lack of character which of course led to me not caring one jot about anything that happened to him. 

Notably also Skyrim doesn't have a voice actor for the dragon born, which I think is a very important difference and what makes Skyrim a true RPG and not an adventure story game. With no voice acting you are free to put your own voice to the character which allows you to create any personality that you wish. Whereas in the Witcher you are confined to just geralt, so you have less freedom to roleplay.
            I think the monotone voice is actually meant to convey the fact Witchers are canoncially supposed to have dampened emotions from the mutations they've gone through. That being said every other Witcher we meet doesn't have quite this much monotone so it's not like it's consistent lol. I do think a weak point of the games is it expects you to have knowledge of Geralt's past to better empathize with him and his cause.
                I can agree that it would make sense for him to be monotone, but in this case if you look at any other work that the voice actor for geralt has done, it's this exact same voice. I think he just lacks vocal range and expression. Even if the monotonous emotionally lacking kind of voice was the aim, I still think it was done poorly.
                    His German voice is basically doing the same. So it's most likely on purpose and fits for a guy who has basically seen everything and is supposed to be badass.
            Tbh that sort of deadpan delivery really accentuates his witty, sarcastic dialogue.
        To be fair, a lot of TW3 world isn’t meant to be “dreamy” like Skyrim’s. I mean, not long after starting the game, you start seeing bodies hanging from trees - really helped to set the tone. There’s this area of TW3 map that I legit cannot go to because it makes me so uncomfortable. If I go there, I have to be quick and I fast travel to a town swarming with people right after to feel safe lol. 

Imo, TW3 is good at setting the atmosphere - it’s just not a very pleasant one sometimes. So unpleasant that I don’t want to stay there lol - which is still pretty immersive to me.

I’d LOVE to live in Skyrim. It’s beautiful most the time and dreamy. Novigrad? Velen? Hell no.
            You are absolutely right and put it really well! Especially in the beginning there are a lot of darker things happening, spooky areas and weird characters appearing which isn't really what I need in games. Skyrim was far from 100% peaceful of course. But the quests rarely set specific tones or introduced striking characters. The tone was mostly set by the landscape and music.
        \>immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.

I am like on the absolute other spectrum of that opinion. Skyrim's quests, npcs and the depth of the world (things like npc ai, how combat plays out, the gameplay loop etc.) ruin the immersion and atmosphere of it so much for me that I can't help but see past how bare bones and shallow the game actually is when you look too close.

The world visually is amazing, and there's a draw to it when you're not actively playing because you think about all of those adventures you could be having but when the game's actually up I'm immediately reminded that is all in my head and the actual game has none of that and never had anything even close to what I envisioned.
            Well I think for me weaknesses like that often even help the immersion cause it gives more space for fantasy. Witcher 3 indeed had more depth regarding quests and characters but then the game has way more control over what you perceive and in the end how you feel about it. On the other hand, Skyrim characters like Lydia were totally shallow but you could project so many things on her. 

It's partly the same idea as when you compare watching a movie or reading a book. With the latter one you basically set up a big part of the atmosphere by yourself which can help to feel more immersed although the actual perception is much more limited.
    For me it's because of the combat. Skyrim's combat isn't exactly compelling or anything, but it's also very inoffensive. It's simple enough that you don't really have to think about it, but casting a big flashy spell, lining up a headshot with a bow, or feeling your mace thud against the enemy's shield all still feel satisfying enough. It's great combat for a game that you play to relax and explore.

W3's combat is just... clunky. Massive step forward from 2, but still just not great. It's not terribly difficult, but it is complex enough that playing it just isn't relaxing like Skyrim is for me. There's also just not much variety in play styles. I tried a couple different builds but they never felt very different at all in practice. In Skyrim if you don't like the swordplay you can be a mage or an archer. Witcher has the crossbow and the signs, but you can't really make them your sole method of attack (not effectively anyway). It's designed to have your swords be your main plan of attack, so if you don't like the swordplay you're kinda sol.

The game has a great story and some fantastic characters and quests, but the combat just never felt good to me at any point. I pushed through to the end because I enjoyed the story and characters enough to want to see the whole story, but I have zero desire to ever play the game again because I don't enjoy the actual gameplay at all.
    2,000 hrs in Skyrim. Tried to get into Witcher 3 several times. They’re different games.
>bland world, slow exploration, sloppy combat

If you liked Skyrim it strikes me really weird that you would be complaying about this of all things.  


No game is for everyone but W3 set a whole new level for what we expect from storytelling in games. Most exploration is optional so you can exactly as much as you like. I will admit that some parts of the main map could do with some condensing. The souther part could have been cut altogether more or less as it has no quests happening there anyway.   


As for combat. That one is average. Not the best ever, not the worst. But that is not where the magic of the game is. If you are after that, try Sekiro for example.
    [deleted]
    >W3 set a whole new level for what we expect from storytelling in games

Meh. Vice City, San Andreas, GTA IV, GTA V, RDR, Mass Effect 1-3, BioShock, BioShock Infinite, The Last of Us, Dragon Age: Origins, etc. are all games that predate Witcher 3 with significantly better storytelling.
    Its always funny to see people praise Witcher 3 for its storytelling when it is the third game of a saga that nobody has played in its entirety, and that doesnt even try to fullfill the "your actions have consequences" moto.

I am one of those who played witcher 1 and witcher 2 before the third one, and in terms of storytelling the second one destroys its sequel. Its a game with so many branches that different playthroughs are incredibly different, not only reskins of the same map. Helping the scoiatael gives you maps, plenty of missions and a whole ass story different from if you help the Blue stripes, as in if they were different games. Other games like Mass Effect  managed to maintain a consistent plot within all of their sequels, with many decisions in the first game having incredible effects in the saga´s end.

Witcher 3? It literally forgets every decision you have made up until the third part, and basically starts a new plot out of nowhere with Ciri just to grab even  more public. It is not  a bad game, and its plot is good, but it is weird seeing people praise a game that basically shits on the people that have been playing the saga for years.
[deleted]
I actually like AoK *way* more than WH to the point where I fucking hate WH and will never even play it a second time because it was that much of a disappointment to me.
Huge Witcher fan here. I can agree that it gets more praise than it deserved, but it was very revolutionary in video game writing.

I think the game drags after Novigrad really hard. But the quest design and variety of choice was better than any game at the time. It harkened back to the iso RPGs quest structure. They were the first to be able to really make that happen for a AAA game and it sell well.

It’s because of Witcher 3 that developers started to have a hard time with the “no one likes single player games” bs they were pushing and made long well fleshed out side quests a thing everyone wanted to copy.

But yeah valid criticisms for sure but it did a lot of amazing things for game design.
    When I finally looked up what I was missing if I picked other choices, I wasn't missing much.

I was told choices mattered.  And I guess some minor characters dieing can be big if you liked the world but I was hoping for story breaking King's Quest level bad choices.

I was disappointed.
I think for me it just... i don't know how to explain it, it physically felt bad to play? Like the inventory system being a game of tetris is the most annoying thing ever, movement felt off, battles felt clunky. It's the first game I picked up where i just didn't like the whole feel of the gameplay. Except Gwent. Gwent rules.
    They could have just released a game where you roam the world and battle people for gwent cards and I would play the fuck out of that game.
        They did....it's called ThroneBreaker
    I feel exactly the same way. First off, I was an avid fan and read all the books and played the first two games so to go into the game with a npc leveling system was kinda annoying. Geralt at this point is a fucking boss and it felt lame to not be there.

Second, I went back around a year ago to try to play it since beating it from when it first launched and it was hard to play. It seemed clunky and repetitive in the combat and i didn’t really look forward to the fights. Witcher 2 had it’s flaws but the hardest mode made it feel like you were an actual witcher because you either had to truly prepare for your fight or actually be phenomenal at combat. Witcher 3’s combat got old.

The story was still awesome and I enjoyed the game overall but I don’t think it ages well like I had envisioned in my mind. And plus gwent. Gwent rules.
    Have you played it since the ps5 update? Combat is so much smoother now; it doesn't feel nearly as clunky.
        nope, don't have a ps5, but i'm happy to hear it!
    yeah i tried 3 or 4 times to get invested, the closest I got was my first playthrough where I ended up getting obsessed with gwent and playing just that game for 10-20 hours, then realizing I had no idea what to do next or who anybody even is, and quit. Beautiful, impressive, clunky game...
    I'm convinced you didn't play either of the first 2 games. It was night and day compared to those.
    I’m so glad other people feel this way. I felt the same way when I played it. It just felt like a grind, I really didn’t understand all the hype around it. The concept is awesome, the show is great, but the experience of playing it was mediocre at best.
    The gameplay was a 3/10 and boring at best, clunky at worst while the story was pretty good once you got into it. The other builds besides using swords were just "press 1 button, kill every thing" with bombs or Ignis while using swords was just keep spamming the fast dodge and spam light or heavy attacks when it was safe.

Ciri's gameplay was kind of fun though having abilities.
    Yeah I don’t get why nobody talks about it. The combat system just feels so off
    This entirely. It just was doing too much in the inventory and potion and crafting menus that, while it would be possible to make sense of it, it wasn’t intuitive or fun. The combat was alright, and the main character is cool. But I just straight up didn’t vibe with actively playing the game
    I've tried to pick it up twice, but the general movement/feel of combat killed all desire for me both times.  It seems to have a more realistic momentum-ish feeling (takes time to stop/change direction) but it's just so rough for a fast-paced action game.  Makes all of your inputs feel bogged down and delayed.

It sucks because story/lore wise, it's very interesting, but it feels awful even to run around in.
    My unpopular opinion was I hated Gwent and just didn’t get it.
I looooved the game but maybe got 60% maybe 70% and never picked it back up got bored plus the main quest line seemed never ending but fuck I loved that game
    I've never played an RPG game like this (just generally, never really played roaming RPGs like that).

One of my favourite games ever.
    I remember being 60 hours in and thinking I was about to beat the game lmfao. Still my favorite game ever made to this day.
Have to say it's the same for me.

Three times I have restarted and replayed. First I stopped when you get past the first map (tutorial area) 

Second time when I got to the big town and found they were burning someone alive.

And the last time when I got to ard skellige.  

Each time it was years before I tried it again

I love the LOOK of the world. But...for some reason, I keep running out of interest in playing.

My last play finished about six months ago. Since then I've moved on to Elden ring and bg 3. I've stopped playing bg3 now and gone back to Elden ring, which is absolutely mesmerising. 

Why doesnt witcher 3 feel this way? What's missing from it? I can;t quite work it out..on the surface, this should be the perfect game for me. Beautiful, runs decently, rpg, first person.

Maybe...it's just too horrible in some places. too real.
    For me it’s the combat system. It feels kinda janky
        It’s the dodging for me, it’s like dodge dodge hit 3 times dodge dodge dodge hit 3 times. 

Tried a spell run but it’s the same just with longer intervals even on hardest settings
            I love the game but I agree, the combat system is a bit boring, even on legendary (orwhatever that mode is called). There were only a few boss fights that were vaguely difficult.
        The combat is super janky.  They tried to do an action combat thing, but your spells are mediocre, your sword swings don't feel weighty at all, and dodging doesn't work half the time
        A lot of people have said that. I have to say it isn;t a lot of fun, especially compared to something like elden ring.
            I completely agree. I don’t understand how some people can like the combat in the Witcher but good for them I guess
        It felt extremely polished compared to the first 2 games imo
    BG3 is great fr. Love how if you want to see everything you have to do multiple playthroughs
    A lot of people don’t like being tortured by a video game. Elden Ring is a game where you play against yourself, the Witcher you play because being a hero is fun.
    Yeah sounds like you’re just put off from the racism and stuff that happens in the game.
    I'll tell you what's missing. The same thing that's missing from Skyrim. Good gameplay. These games appeal to people for whom story and role play are the focus.

On the other hand I loved Elden Ring. That game is everything those other games aren't.
        Poorly written?
        I couldn't get into Skyrim
    Gotta agree, I feel that there is a minimum reading comprehension level that is required to actually enjoy the gameplay, and also only made it about 40%-50%.
    Everyone's different I think Witcher 3 and RDR2 are generational games where as turn based and another dark souls roll and slash game just do nothing for me at all
Same here. I've even bought the game for three different platforms. I've gotten about 10 hours or so in when I generally lose interest. I read the books. I love the setting. I think the writing  and voicework in the game are brilliant. It's even my favorite genre, but the gameplay has just never clicked for me.
    Yeah I even finished it and loved witcher 2. But it was a slog to finish 3.
I’ve read all the books and played the first two games, and find the Witcher 3 kinda mid.  I’ve never even finished it, I have quite a bit of time played on it and remember almost nothing from it.
Always thought there's something wrong with me and that I didn't really click with this game. I kept thinking everyone else says it's the best game ever but I'm just wondering around the bushes with my horse not really that impressed with anything.
I agree. There are certain elements of the game and plot that I liked but for the most part I wasn’t really engaged for the vast majority of the game. The Blood and Wine DLC was good though; I actually throughly enjoyed that storyline.
I have 11 hours in the game. Also think it's boring. Now at 60 in rdr2 and think it will get more.
Yep, right there with you. I've tried a few times to get into but damn the gameplay is just so... Uncompelling
Same here. The combat never looked enticing to me. The world looks cool and the dialogue looked fantastic. But just seeing my friend play the game I knew it wasn’t for me. I can only do the type of combat so much. Between assassins creed black flag and Batman games - kinda just over it . Reminds me of Zelda combat (keep in mind I loved the Zelda games on n64)
I came from a pretty hard Dark souls games binge and was told I would like this. 

I fucking hated it. It felt like some bastardized MHW meets Dark souls. 

I cannot stand spending half of a fight paused figuring out oils and spells and whatnot.
I’ve had pretty much the exact same experience.

For me, my theory is that I don’t like playing as Geralt. He’s not friendly or kind, he grunts a lot, has deadpan responses, and the premise is he doesn’t help people for free.

I tend to like to play more altruistic / paladin-like characters, that are selfless and help people not for money but because it’s right. That do incredible things for people that really have no other way. For example, helping citizens in KOTOR or doing some good in Fallout 3.

I think the #1 thing I miss of earlier RPG’s is the karma system, like Mass Effect, Fallout, etc. I used to do everything I could crank that to good. 

Anyway that’s my theory.
That's me in breath of the wild and now tears of the kingdom. I just can't. I get so bored after a few sessions and quit.
I'm the exact same way. I really gave this game a try, multiple times. I'd get maybe 10 - 20 hours and just lose the will to keep going
I think awkward movement and clunky combat are things that definitely should not just be forgiven. They get a pass on it because they were both miles ahead of the previous Witcher games while still being miles behind the competition. The controls and how they feel are your first connection to the game and when those are off the entire thing is off.

I still highly believe that half of the reason it even got attention was horny teenagers and pre-teens getting to see tits. That's the only way the "10/10" game that you experience through very poor controls and combat that are miles behind the competition holds that score.
i am the exact same way
This is exactly how I feel about RDR2.  I respect the love but do not share it.  Clearly a well, made game that people rave about. But... so...boring... I've tried 3 times and just can't.

Obviously, some great games don't connect with certain people for some reason.
I tried to play the game a few times when it first came out and thought it was ok but also never really got that far into it. I decided to try it again about a year ago when I got the dlcs on sale but I played at the hardest difficulty and it felt a lot better. Like you actually have to prepare for fights and use oils and potions and stuff, I had a lot of fun with it that time. I even bought the other 2 because your choices are supposed to carry through all of them but the gameplay on the first 2 is probly the worst of any game I've personally played.
Can't say I blame you. It took me a bunch of tries to even get into it, I just didn't get it at first, I'd start playing it then give up and move on to something else. Then I'd do it all over again. Eventually, I decided to give it one more try and for whatever reason, that was when it hooked me. And I mean it, I fell in love with it completely. I've put hundreds of hours into it at this point.
40% is about the furthest I’ve made it, too, and that was forcing myself. I just cannot get into the game no matter how I try…and I *do* try. I revisit it now and again to see if maybe my tastes have changed but alas…I find it to be a slog.
I've done White Orchard 4 times and I always end up losing interest in the game. I loved the Witcher 2 and couldn't put it down. I kinda feel a lot of what OP said - Witcher 3 not bad, but it's dreary and the combat is a chore. I usually put it down because there's something else I'd rather play.
Ill be honest. I loved it the first time after I really got settled in... But...even after the ps5 upgrade I installed, I never play it. Tried it for about 5 minutes then flipped it off and went to Nioh 2.
100% agreed, I played the game 3 times but couldn't finish it. Story was OK but the gameplay and mechanics just wasn't for me either.
I have had this game on my computer for 5 years, I play it for 2 hours every 6 months and try to make myself like it.
Honestly I wish it had more masterfully designed quests like "devil by the well"
Which was a great early game quest that introduced mechanics, had a great story, and showed the world has more going on than it initially appears.
The story and quests with the Baron was great and probably carried the rest of the game. Everything else was kinda generic RPG and adequate. I had a very hard time finishing the game to because it got pretty boring..
I agree. "slog" is a good descriptor. I had a fun with the Witcher 3 but I did not enjoy it anywhere *near* as much as most people seem to have. I agree with a lot of what OP says.

I definitely got my moneys worth. However, I will likely never play it again.
Same for me. My husband recommended I try it bc Skyrim was one of my favourite games of all time but I just didn’t like it. I don’t think it’s so unbelievable that not everyone likes something, even if it’s popular lol
    The Witcher 3 is my favorite game of all time. I also have ADHD and can't stand watching cutscenes, so I skip all of them. I have no idea what the story is about after playing it from start to finish three times. Also, Gwent is fun as fuck.
        How can you not have the attention to follow the story but have the attention to do gwent?
            ADHD is a bit of a misnomer. I feel it as an over abundance of attention, just extremely difficult to direct.
                High focus laser beam that never turns off, however it is..manageable with meds, I have adhd and I actually somewhat enjoyed it? But it did not leave a big impression on me like outer worlds, Also the combat is kinda bland.
            Gwent is kind of strategic if you're paying with good cards, and it can feel very engaging, the cit scenes can be hit or miss, and with adhd boredom is your worst enemy
                Bro monster decks are like cocaine when you get a good hand
                Fair enough. Thanks for sharing your perspective. I enjoyed the story but have barely touched gwent in my two playthroughs.
                    That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
            Once you set up your deck gwent really doesn't take much attention.

My monster bois crushed anyone no matter what card I put on the table 9 times out of 10.
        This is the only thing I take away from these types of posts.

So fine you didn't like something a lot of people like. Different strokes.

But get off the conceit that everybody else is wrong and "deluding" themselves somehow.

Video gaming is very much like tv or music. There are no right or wrong answers. Just taste/opinions.
            I swear most debates about whether gaming or movies are good/bad are just people who liked something and can't admit it wasn't that good or people who hated it and can't admit it wasn't that bad.

I can have some pretty outrageous tastes but it's not that difficult to accept that it's just that.

I can give my opinion as fact though, especially when others are doing it, it really gets them riled up.
            Yeah I agree. It's the contempt and victim mentality and that everyone else is wrong that makes this a shit post
        Dude, there's narration recapping the story every time you load the game. 

IN DETAIL
        Witcher 3 definitely just became the gwent game for me. Like, I was just doing main quests to unlock more maps and then potentially more gwent opponents lol
        I watched all the cutscenes and I still had no idea what the story was after playing it.
            The story is Find girl.
                save the cheerleader, save the world
                    WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
                The story is play Gwent.
                    ^
            That's pretty embarrassing
        I’m 50/50 on cutscenes. My fav game genre is JRPGs and they notoriously have a lot of cutscenes and usually not the most exciting combat, the story is what gets me. The thing is there’s a fine balance of how much cut scene is too much. And sometimes on repeat play throughs I’ll just skip through them.

I don’t remember the Witcher 3 having a lot of cut scenes after the tutorial but I also didn’t get super far into the story. I got sidetracked during the main quest and stopped to pick flowers at some point on my way to see Yennefer lol
        Gwent was the only fun thing about the entire game
        > I also have ADHD

This is a cop-out, not an excuse. My GF has near-crippling ADHD and she couldn't focus *more* on a good storyline.
        Gwent is something I wish I got into as the game was going. I had a time limit before was selling my computer back to my friend and was hoping to power through it (not even close) and skipped the Gwent stuff. I now can’t play Gwent at all without getting destroyed and have to go back to the beginning areas to find certain characters to get the Gwent cards from.
        I don't like card games (I don't like a lot of games honestly).

Is there ADHD that's ADHD im reverse?

Because I see comments saying they have X and Y and then comments saying they have the same but in A.

&nbsp;

I mean is, ADHD, but you live for the cutscenes, you could watch them all say long and it is a bummer when they end and you have to return to the game.

&nbsp;

See, this is what I said in another comment. No one is like this. Why am I like this?
    Skyrim is just an inferior version of oblivion
    Skyrim lets you off from the start, you can be a monster in Blackreach before you ever get shitted from Nazeem. Same way Oblivion had “Wenion Priory” and most people just strolled right into Coral.


But Witcher is like “Help the Fat Man!” I dont care… “the Baron’s child was a ghost and he hung himself!” Hanged - he’s not a shirt, he’s a Carradine it’s a hanging - and…i still don’t really care 🤷‍♂️
        There’s nothing forcing you to do the Baron’s quests either.
    it was the same for me, loved Skyrim but played maybe an hour of witcher and i just didn't like anything about it sadly
        Starting to think there's a pattern here, especially since I loved The Witcher 3 and can't stand Skyrim. It's almost as if they're very different game styles that just share a similar setting.
            the fun of Skyrim for me was creating my own character choosing their backstory whom you decided if you wanted to be good or bad etc with a premade character I didn't feel the same way. maybe partially that's why I just couldn't like the witcher or geralt since I may have expected it to be too much like Skyrim.
    Not sure what makes games so great for you but the Score whoch mesns the music is easily one lf the best and most original which just makes the game top tier.
    that's literally me i love skyrim but the witcher tried to play it 5 times got bored 5 times uninstalled boring game
    My unpopular opinion: Skyrim is boring AF and the combat is atrocious. I have no idea how it was/is so popular.
        I agree the combat leaves a lot to be desired. Tbh the first time I played Skyrim I also didn’t like it. I was fucking lost. Couldn’t even figure out how to level up lmao. Part of the reason I like it is just the open world exploration. I learned to stop having quest anxiety and just do what I like, which is exploring. It’s also got an incredible soundtrack, and the scenery is beautiful, especially with mods. 

I don’t think there’s any particularly incredible quests in Skyrim that made me go “wow omg” but there’s also few gaming experiences I’ve had that compared to setting foot in Blackreach for the first time. I also like that you don’t HAVE to do anything in Skyrim. You don’t even have to start the main story quest. You can do anything you want, in any order, or nothing at all. You just get dropped into Skyrim and can do whatever you want.
    I love both TW3 *and* Skyrim... but for entirely different reasons. The games are only alike in that they're fantasy settings with RPG elements.
    My wife loved Witcher 1 and thought 2 was okay. We’ve both tried to play 3 and neither of us have over 10 hours in it.
    Eh, because OP didn’t say it wasn’t for them, they said it’s mediocre. I’ve tried to get into TW3 at least three separate times now, but have kind of bounced off of it in less than five hours each time. I can still recognize it’s quality.
    This is such a common misconception. Skyrim and The Witcher 3 are in almost nothing alike.

Skyrim has simpler combat and a simpler world. The power of Skyrim is it’s simplicity. You make your own character and the skills + progression is beyond anything I’ve ever seen. The focus isn’t on story in the game, that’s why some people find it barebones, the focus is on your character, progression and exploration.

In The Witcher, the skills and progression are barebones. The story is pretty good (mostly the side stories). I’d say The Witcher has a real focus on story and world building, but lacks in everything else to Skyrim.
        I agree! Was just mentioning in another reply that the only thing they really have in common is that it’s an open world fantasy setting. 

Skyrim’s storytelling does leave a lot to be desired but you really just boot the game up and do whatever you want right from the get go. The first few hours of TW3 were pretty handholdy to me, and while the combat was more interesting, I felt like there was a lot more pressure to stick to the story. I wasn’t going into it expecting that so maybe it was a little off putting. I don’t think it’s a bad game in any way, just wasn’t my vibe.
Same here, and I love almost every game it’s recommended alongside. Going to give it another go this weekend but if third time playing 8-10 hours isn’t the charm, I guess it’s just not for me

Edit: you guys are ridiculous, I didn’t even say anything bad about it lmao my goodness
    Same. Exactly my type of game. And it is highly reviewed. But when I play it I feel like the combat is just button mashing, the enemies are damage sponges, and the spells are fiddly and annoying to incorporate in a fight.
        I think it was the spells that got me now that you say it
    Same, gave it two goes and lost interest. Which is shame cuz rpgs are some of my fav things in the world
        For me the controls were clunky, and too many long cut scenes.
            Yes that was what bugged me too. Controls were clunky and combat felt floaty(?) for lack of better term. I also really hated the durability system, yes I know it makes for realistic gameplay, but it felt so forced and unnecessary.

I didn’t enjoy it despite giving it 2-3 tries.
            Long cutscenes are a huge turn off for me! Can’t play any metal gear solid games because of them…
    Just push past the bit of a slog that is the Velen and the Baron. Once you’re out of the swamp, shit really picks up imo
        Does the combat get any better? Story is one thing like I’d put up with a lot for what I’ve heard about it, but something about the combat just makes my brain shut off
            To an extent that’s in the eyes of the beholder, the combat system itself doesn’t change much but with the sign upgrades, armour/weapon sets, and variety in monsters to slay I’d say it gets better. But that being said, if you dislike how the combat feels then no, probably won’t get much better for ya
                I really don’t understand why I have such trouble with it, I play a bunch of other games that vary from more complex combat mechanics to those that are significantly bad/clunky. 

Oh well. I’ll give it another shot, I’ll go for making it past the Baron before reassessing
                    I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
                    there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
                    I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
            The combat system broke my brain the first few times I tried it. The third time I pushed myself to play a bit longer and for some reason it eventually clicked. Once that happened I couldn't put the game down.
                For me it clicked eventually because I slowed down. I think I was used to faster combat and couldn't get the hang of it at first. Ended up enjoying a lot more afterwards by taking my time with attacks.
            I was told to play on atleast blood and broken bones because it makes you use more of the options in a fight and makes the fights more tense and meaningful. Honesty, it was good advice. After I beat the game I switched down to sword and story difficulty and I saw how boring the games combat would be if I'd played it like that. Also play gwent. Trust me, you will thank me later.
            What difficulty were you playing on? The combat felt way better (albeit pretty hard) on my deathmarch playthrough, after not really sticking for me on normal.
            No the combat is always poor, and gets more laughable in the DLC
        The Bloody Baron is one of the best parts of the game and was always regarded as such. Has that changed recently since people are starting to say they didn't like it?
        I loved the baron story, though the characters were so well written and fleshed out. Honestly if you don’t like it at the Barons, you’re probably not going to like the game as a whole.
            I feel like it takes time for even the barron to grow on people.

For me, I liked how side-quests just seemed to open and close in a compelling way, in particular how lairs, ruins, and wizard labs were gradually uncovered. But the baron...along with much of the aesthetic, felt like a kingdom of mud. I had to do a few main quests and get caught up in the writing.

I suppose I'd say the setting took time for me to adjust to.

TLDR; I really like Witcher 3, but I can easily see how it can straight up fail to hook people.
        I don't think I should have to suffer past a certain point for a game to become enjoyable. If your game is enjoyable from the start, I feel like that is a design problem. Devise a better way to introduce me to what is interesting about your gameplay loop, or may the introduction to the game interesting enough that I want to push through whatever big wall I am about to run into.
        Oddly I recall right after launch that many people were saying the Bloody Baron's storyline was the best part of the game. I understood where they were coming from in that it's drama-filled, but it also felt so pointless. It was a well crafted sidequest that they forced into the MQ puzzle.
        Interesting take, I had the complete opposite experience. I loved the Baron story and it helped me slog through the gameplay to conclude it. Act 2 bored me right out of the game
    I think that’s more than a fair try and also, gaming is supposed to be fun, not a chore. If you don’t like something then go to the next game. Same with reading - some people force themselves to finish  books they hate. It’s a hobby not a competition!
I played for an hour and I remember going up to a village doing something got bored and uninstalled
Not liking something doesn't mean it's \*BAD\* or \*MID\*

I dislike games I can recognize are well made
    This. Tried baldurs gate 3. Then I saw it was turn based. Instantly refunded. Im sure it's great, but it's just not my kind of game.
        To be fair I absolutely hate turn based combat and I still loved Baldur's gate 3 for some reason because it's just that good. I have a few mates who also experienced the same thing. Might be worth checking it out one day!
    [deleted]
    TW3 has major flaws, especially in gameplay. They tried to fix it with an alternate control mode but it did not do much. Geralt controls like a boat, the combat is floaty and imprecise, and it's just overall a pain to actually play.

So some parts are well made (side quests, world building, writing, characters, graphics) but some others are really poor (gameplay, both exploration and combat, gear progression, skill progression).
        The boat like controls are easily the shittiest part of the game.
        Everything that makes the game a game and not a show is mediocre
            Yeah, I LOVED the books but hated the games and I've tried all 3.

Small things for world building even meant that the story wasn't as good. Just things like hanging dead bodies when they know that causes necrophages, or the fact that towns near monsters don't have the simplest of defences (so that guy got attacked *inside* the town) meant that I couldn't look past gameplay I didn't enjoy.

Dragon Age inquisition was an example of a game where I liked the story and LOVED the world building but I just didn't really enjoy the gameplay.

W3 gameplay is better than the first 2 but I still didn't enjoy it.
I actually finished the whole game twice... i played the first two games in the hopes it would increase my appreciation for it, and still don't care for it. 

The movement and combat feel stilted. The side quests all end the exact same. My favorite part of the entire thing is gwent.
Yeah, the game is just not that interesting.

I even tried reading the books and jesus fucking christ if they aren't the most mid quality supermarket paperback books of fantasy that you can ever find. There's no wonder the netflix show creators didn't want to follow them.
That’s fine, but the graphics are just still objectively good and the writing is one of the best compared to almost any RPG that’s ever existed.

It’s 100% completely reasonable to hate playing the game. 

Thinking people who do enjoy it are deluded is absurd, ignorant at best. 

It’s like not liking chicken. 

Super reasonable even though it’s one of the most popular meats in existence.

“People are fucking stupid for liking chicken” is a very different very dumb opinion.
I love this subreddit. 80% of the posts are popular opinions and the 20% that arent are "stupid bait"
Fuck I loathed Skyrim and the Witcher 3. I wanted to love them, I really did.

God of war, assassin's Creed pre-rpg, horizons ftw
Glad its not just me. I keep trying to pick it up  but the way combat feels, weapon management, potion system being a requirement, flat affect protagonist, and story structure make me just close the game. I get it's critically acclaimed but I just cannot get into it
Also didn’t like it. The combat was fucking horrible, alchemy is a chore and I didn’t feel any emotional connection to the world
I did the exact same thing but with Skyrim and Ted Dead. I never got into those games. I totally see why people call them some of the best games ever but it definetly was not for me
Yeah but the post is not saying “I personally don’t like Witcher” it’s going, “Witcher is objectively a boring and bland game” and then further going “people who like it are deluded”.
    Yeah and any opinion like THAT is a stupid opinion but let's not pretend people don't always act like their opinions are somehow superior over stupid shut.
> inocculus

bruh
    This word hijackedmy brain
What would you class as the pros, I've tried the game and actually got into 1 because of the bestiary and it felt like I'd need to learn about the monsters I was hunting etc. I tried 2 and 3 but haven't got past the intros
    I wouldn't say it has a good plot, but it does have excellent writing. The side quests are great, and so are many of the characters. Have you played the ladies of the wood quest? that's one of the best quests in any game ever
Eh while I agree that this sub has a real problem with doing what it's supposed to (more often than not just upvoting popular opinions or opinions that are controversial in public but popular on Reddit, downvoting everything else) there are some "unpopular opinion bait posts" on here from time to time.

Someone just thinks of something highly popular on Reddit, thinks of the most basic excuses as to why someone wouldn't like it and acts flabbergasted as to how Reddit finds that topic so good. There's little actual critical analysis or pushback, no recognition of positives about the topic or comparisons to a superior alternative. It's almost like the OP just lights the powder keg on something they know most of Reddit is highly interested in (which probably means there's people also sick of the popularity and want to discuss it as overhyped/overrated).

Not saying that's what *this* OP did, however. I dunno if they've made much of an argument for disliking Witcher 3 (not that they need to, but the less detail the more superficial and baity it comes across as).
    Personally I don't like it either, but that's because the gameplay just feels lack luster in my opinion, there's nothing really bringing me back. And that's just that, you don't need a good reason not to like something, it's just not for them. Just like people who don't like rdr2 the gameplay might just be lackluster for them
Trust me it frequently happens
Feet pics or it didn't happen
    And they better be pork!
        gotta see those little piggies
            I love Reddit
                I love you
    Quentin, is that you?
I hate how everything you write has to be like this these days though.

What makes my skim itch and shed though, is that if it is not universally praised, then it is fair game to dunk on it. Screw those that like it or if it actually is good.

&nbsp;

Look how long until someone said something controversial about The Witcher.

Conversely it takes some 10 years for someone to finally say "remember that thing everyone hated? It isn't half bad."
    Subreddits either decide "this game is perfect and cannot be criticized" (Witcher 3, TLOU2) or they decide "this game is dogwater and nobody could possibly enjoy it" (basically any Blizzard game).  The upvote system means you can't disagree with the hivemind or you get downvoted below the visibility threshold.
Sounds like what you have to do when talking about any FS game on r/fromsoftware hahaha
Gwent was so good, they made a game of the game within the game.
His dialog drives me a little bit nuts. Would it kill him to utter one single complete sentence?
    Winds howling
    Hmmm.
    Even Master Chief’s one-liners were one or two sentences long.
    I actually like this about him, if I recall from my past attempt at playing the game, the problem is that everyone else takes waaay too long to get to the point. Except that guard that just says “Fuck” when you walk by, that guy is my hero.
        Twitter didn't exist back then.

&nbsp;

Honestly I find that dialogue in real life is far more bloated.

People go on and on and on to just say one thing or they repeat themselves.

Wich ironically I think I am also a victim of.
    It drove me crazy the way he'd just start sentances in the middle of them. Nobody talks like that, and it sounds stupid.
        I proudly didn't play the games.

I believe, however, that that is what he has going for him.

Aside from his body, he isn't Hunan anymore.

It's a dilemma with story telling. Else you just write normal people in a fantasy setting.
        It's an attempt at flavourful translation. Thing is, you can trim polish sentence a lot without it sounding unnatural, if you want to be brief. Not so much in english
    He talks a lot to the people he cares about. Otherwise he's a cynical old man who's just over everyones shit. 

Comes with the territory of being despised by every hillbilly peasant and fucked over by every wanna be lord. 

He's a grouchy old guy who only comes out of his shell for his crew.
Geralts voice is some of the most grating shit I've heard. It feels like I'm listening to someone who whishes they had a deeper voice and is forcing it so hard.
    The whole reason I could never get into the game was his voice and everyone thinks I’m insane. But today I have found my people
    My gf overheard me playing it once and asked "are you romancing somebody? Why is he trying so hard to sound sexy" lmao
This has nothing to do with your comment, and I know people don't appreciate spelling corrections, but on the off chance that you legitimately didn't know, the word is biased* not bias
Maybe the dude wants to be stuck on a boat  with a tiger for a few weeks... Don't yuck his yum
Got into Souls games with ER, and played DS3 after that. I really liked DS3, but Lies of P was extremely boring during the first 4 hours I played - there was only 1 style of playing and the story couldn't grab me.

I'm currently 6-8 hrs into Lords of the Fallen and it feels a lot better than Lies of P. It's almost a hybrid between DS3 and Elden Ring, with its own cool mechanic.
    Honestly I think lies of p is actually kinda too hard

I'm in chapter 11, close to beating the game, and I will beat it. It's been decent I'd say. But I'd place it solidly below any actual from title as well as Nioh for souls likes.

The story is cool, I like the aesthetics. The music is okay, though its trying a bit too hard to copy dark souls. 

But the combat sometimes just feels shitty. You have to hit like 20 parries within the 3-5 frame window or some shit on attacks with huge delayed tells which you essentially need to memorize. And then you need to hit a slow ass charge attack on a boss before you can even get the visceral.

I rarely felt like I had "mastered" a boss. Like if I go back to sekiro today having not played it in years, I'm pretty confident I can still beat isshin within 5 tries cause I played the shit out of that game and got good at it's combat. But for lies of p, every boss just feels like I scraped by or got lucky on a good run.
I got really confused when I saw the title of the game.

Same thing with TF2, which BFII and Outer Worlds and Outer Wilds.
Life of Pi is solid though, do recommend
Yeah I couldn't get into that game either.
[deleted]
If you like other souls like games it will suck your time up. If youre like me and rather not spend 200 hours just to kill a single boss, find a buddy and get the co-op mod then let it suck up all your time
Telling of what?
    It tells you that they played Elden Ring.
        Big if true
I used a mod to remove the durability system cause it just added a pointless tedious task lol
This^^ I started the game on "normal" and after I got hold of the combat I switched it up and up and up.
There's "enemy upscaling" or whatever it's called that takes care of you being overlevelled, but at times will turn little threats (like rats) into demons of hell that cannot be killed.
Tbh the combat is so basic even on max difficulty it was pretty easy to just spam dodge every time. I've beaten just about all the fromsoft games so maybe I'm just accustomed to more difficult dodge windows but it's extremely mindless regardless of difficulty for me. 

Also raising the difficulty really just made the enemies more spongey as far as I could tell. Went from 5 minutes of mindless dodging on easy to 15 minutes of mindless dodging on death march. Kinda don't see the point. 

Just play on whatever difficulty feels best for you. Higher difficulty just means you gotta spend more time with the clunky combat so there's no shame with easy. Imo this game needs a shitton of mods to be fun anyway.
“Until I popped an adderal and played the shit out of it” lol I too have adhd
    lol,you killed me 😂😂🤣
    Dam, I got diagnosed last year. Welp, it's time to attempt the game again
Medicated ADHD here. Still hate the witcher.
So a free Witcher 3 copy added to these meds seems like nice marketing ploy 😁
Fuck and this is how I find out? I always thought I did but now.. I tried witcher 3, 3 times. ~30 hrs each attempt. Can't get interested.
Interesting, but just as many of the people that like it probably like it partially because their untreated ADHD made them hyper focused on it.
Lol its funny how it can vary.  I have ADHD and love the Witcher 3, its the kind of game I can hyperfocus on for hours with or without meds.
Now I need to check if I have ADHD. :(
How do you get diagnosed adhd? What criteria has to be met?
Yeah I agree. I get great stories from books or movies. I'm playing games to entertained by gameplay.
I've read the books, some are great, others are not great. They all beat the game by miles tho.
That's fair, I just need to still enjoy it, and I never could.
    That's completely fair too, the most important part of video games is having fun
I have monster ADHD. 

It makes things that are overwhelming feel boring because your brain doesn't want to go explore. It wants to follow to dopamine. 

Sure the writing in this 8 hour side quest is superb, but if I can't fight things for 7 1/2 out of the 8 hours of the quest It doesn't hold my attention. 

I love the game but it's just too slow for me to stay focused, so I just get bored.
Ive been playing Skyrim since launch and still love it.

I've tried getting into witcher 3 at least 4 times and really didn't like it.. 

I don't think it's as unpopular as the fans think, but if you mention you don't like it, you get grilled, shamed, downvoted to oblivion, and told your OPINION is absolutely wrong..

 it gets old.. so a lot of us just choose not to say anything anymore 🤷‍♂️
I am also one of them who loved Skyrim but didn't really get into Witcher 3. For me atmosphere is the biggest aspect in games and although W3 had some moments it never could reach the level of immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.
I am generally not an RPG fan so things like that are crucial for me to enjoy the game nevertheless.
    I have another potentially unpopular opinion in that I think geralt is really poorly voiced. The guy who does it just puts on a very monotonous "cool guy" voice. That doesn't really convey any character or bring any colour at all to the game. I was not able to create any sense of connection with such a lack of character which of course led to me not caring one jot about anything that happened to him. 

Notably also Skyrim doesn't have a voice actor for the dragon born, which I think is a very important difference and what makes Skyrim a true RPG and not an adventure story game. With no voice acting you are free to put your own voice to the character which allows you to create any personality that you wish. Whereas in the Witcher you are confined to just geralt, so you have less freedom to roleplay.
        I think the monotone voice is actually meant to convey the fact Witchers are canoncially supposed to have dampened emotions from the mutations they've gone through. That being said every other Witcher we meet doesn't have quite this much monotone so it's not like it's consistent lol. I do think a weak point of the games is it expects you to have knowledge of Geralt's past to better empathize with him and his cause.
            I can agree that it would make sense for him to be monotone, but in this case if you look at any other work that the voice actor for geralt has done, it's this exact same voice. I think he just lacks vocal range and expression. Even if the monotonous emotionally lacking kind of voice was the aim, I still think it was done poorly.
                His German voice is basically doing the same. So it's most likely on purpose and fits for a guy who has basically seen everything and is supposed to be badass.
        Tbh that sort of deadpan delivery really accentuates his witty, sarcastic dialogue.
    To be fair, a lot of TW3 world isn’t meant to be “dreamy” like Skyrim’s. I mean, not long after starting the game, you start seeing bodies hanging from trees - really helped to set the tone. There’s this area of TW3 map that I legit cannot go to because it makes me so uncomfortable. If I go there, I have to be quick and I fast travel to a town swarming with people right after to feel safe lol. 

Imo, TW3 is good at setting the atmosphere - it’s just not a very pleasant one sometimes. So unpleasant that I don’t want to stay there lol - which is still pretty immersive to me.

I’d LOVE to live in Skyrim. It’s beautiful most the time and dreamy. Novigrad? Velen? Hell no.
        You are absolutely right and put it really well! Especially in the beginning there are a lot of darker things happening, spooky areas and weird characters appearing which isn't really what I need in games. Skyrim was far from 100% peaceful of course. But the quests rarely set specific tones or introduced striking characters. The tone was mostly set by the landscape and music.
    \>immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.

I am like on the absolute other spectrum of that opinion. Skyrim's quests, npcs and the depth of the world (things like npc ai, how combat plays out, the gameplay loop etc.) ruin the immersion and atmosphere of it so much for me that I can't help but see past how bare bones and shallow the game actually is when you look too close.

The world visually is amazing, and there's a draw to it when you're not actively playing because you think about all of those adventures you could be having but when the game's actually up I'm immediately reminded that is all in my head and the actual game has none of that and never had anything even close to what I envisioned.
        Well I think for me weaknesses like that often even help the immersion cause it gives more space for fantasy. Witcher 3 indeed had more depth regarding quests and characters but then the game has way more control over what you perceive and in the end how you feel about it. On the other hand, Skyrim characters like Lydia were totally shallow but you could project so many things on her. 

It's partly the same idea as when you compare watching a movie or reading a book. With the latter one you basically set up a big part of the atmosphere by yourself which can help to feel more immersed although the actual perception is much more limited.
For me it's because of the combat. Skyrim's combat isn't exactly compelling or anything, but it's also very inoffensive. It's simple enough that you don't really have to think about it, but casting a big flashy spell, lining up a headshot with a bow, or feeling your mace thud against the enemy's shield all still feel satisfying enough. It's great combat for a game that you play to relax and explore.

W3's combat is just... clunky. Massive step forward from 2, but still just not great. It's not terribly difficult, but it is complex enough that playing it just isn't relaxing like Skyrim is for me. There's also just not much variety in play styles. I tried a couple different builds but they never felt very different at all in practice. In Skyrim if you don't like the swordplay you can be a mage or an archer. Witcher has the crossbow and the signs, but you can't really make them your sole method of attack (not effectively anyway). It's designed to have your swords be your main plan of attack, so if you don't like the swordplay you're kinda sol.

The game has a great story and some fantastic characters and quests, but the combat just never felt good to me at any point. I pushed through to the end because I enjoyed the story and characters enough to want to see the whole story, but I have zero desire to ever play the game again because I don't enjoy the actual gameplay at all.
2,000 hrs in Skyrim. Tried to get into Witcher 3 several times. They’re different games.
[deleted]
>W3 set a whole new level for what we expect from storytelling in games

Meh. Vice City, San Andreas, GTA IV, GTA V, RDR, Mass Effect 1-3, BioShock, BioShock Infinite, The Last of Us, Dragon Age: Origins, etc. are all games that predate Witcher 3 with significantly better storytelling.
Its always funny to see people praise Witcher 3 for its storytelling when it is the third game of a saga that nobody has played in its entirety, and that doesnt even try to fullfill the "your actions have consequences" moto.

I am one of those who played witcher 1 and witcher 2 before the third one, and in terms of storytelling the second one destroys its sequel. Its a game with so many branches that different playthroughs are incredibly different, not only reskins of the same map. Helping the scoiatael gives you maps, plenty of missions and a whole ass story different from if you help the Blue stripes, as in if they were different games. Other games like Mass Effect  managed to maintain a consistent plot within all of their sequels, with many decisions in the first game having incredible effects in the saga´s end.

Witcher 3? It literally forgets every decision you have made up until the third part, and basically starts a new plot out of nowhere with Ciri just to grab even  more public. It is not  a bad game, and its plot is good, but it is weird seeing people praise a game that basically shits on the people that have been playing the saga for years.
When I finally looked up what I was missing if I picked other choices, I wasn't missing much.

I was told choices mattered.  And I guess some minor characters dieing can be big if you liked the world but I was hoping for story breaking King's Quest level bad choices.

I was disappointed.
They could have just released a game where you roam the world and battle people for gwent cards and I would play the fuck out of that game.
    They did....it's called ThroneBreaker
I feel exactly the same way. First off, I was an avid fan and read all the books and played the first two games so to go into the game with a npc leveling system was kinda annoying. Geralt at this point is a fucking boss and it felt lame to not be there.

Second, I went back around a year ago to try to play it since beating it from when it first launched and it was hard to play. It seemed clunky and repetitive in the combat and i didn’t really look forward to the fights. Witcher 2 had it’s flaws but the hardest mode made it feel like you were an actual witcher because you either had to truly prepare for your fight or actually be phenomenal at combat. Witcher 3’s combat got old.

The story was still awesome and I enjoyed the game overall but I don’t think it ages well like I had envisioned in my mind. And plus gwent. Gwent rules.
Have you played it since the ps5 update? Combat is so much smoother now; it doesn't feel nearly as clunky.
    nope, don't have a ps5, but i'm happy to hear it!
yeah i tried 3 or 4 times to get invested, the closest I got was my first playthrough where I ended up getting obsessed with gwent and playing just that game for 10-20 hours, then realizing I had no idea what to do next or who anybody even is, and quit. Beautiful, impressive, clunky game...
I'm convinced you didn't play either of the first 2 games. It was night and day compared to those.
I’m so glad other people feel this way. I felt the same way when I played it. It just felt like a grind, I really didn’t understand all the hype around it. The concept is awesome, the show is great, but the experience of playing it was mediocre at best.
The gameplay was a 3/10 and boring at best, clunky at worst while the story was pretty good once you got into it. The other builds besides using swords were just "press 1 button, kill every thing" with bombs or Ignis while using swords was just keep spamming the fast dodge and spam light or heavy attacks when it was safe.

Ciri's gameplay was kind of fun though having abilities.
Yeah I don’t get why nobody talks about it. The combat system just feels so off
This entirely. It just was doing too much in the inventory and potion and crafting menus that, while it would be possible to make sense of it, it wasn’t intuitive or fun. The combat was alright, and the main character is cool. But I just straight up didn’t vibe with actively playing the game
I've tried to pick it up twice, but the general movement/feel of combat killed all desire for me both times.  It seems to have a more realistic momentum-ish feeling (takes time to stop/change direction) but it's just so rough for a fast-paced action game.  Makes all of your inputs feel bogged down and delayed.

It sucks because story/lore wise, it's very interesting, but it feels awful even to run around in.
My unpopular opinion was I hated Gwent and just didn’t get it.
I've never played an RPG game like this (just generally, never really played roaming RPGs like that).

One of my favourite games ever.
I remember being 60 hours in and thinking I was about to beat the game lmfao. Still my favorite game ever made to this day.
For me it’s the combat system. It feels kinda janky
    It’s the dodging for me, it’s like dodge dodge hit 3 times dodge dodge dodge hit 3 times. 

Tried a spell run but it’s the same just with longer intervals even on hardest settings
        I love the game but I agree, the combat system is a bit boring, even on legendary (orwhatever that mode is called). There were only a few boss fights that were vaguely difficult.
    The combat is super janky.  They tried to do an action combat thing, but your spells are mediocre, your sword swings don't feel weighty at all, and dodging doesn't work half the time
    A lot of people have said that. I have to say it isn;t a lot of fun, especially compared to something like elden ring.
        I completely agree. I don’t understand how some people can like the combat in the Witcher but good for them I guess
    It felt extremely polished compared to the first 2 games imo
BG3 is great fr. Love how if you want to see everything you have to do multiple playthroughs
A lot of people don’t like being tortured by a video game. Elden Ring is a game where you play against yourself, the Witcher you play because being a hero is fun.
Yeah sounds like you’re just put off from the racism and stuff that happens in the game.
I'll tell you what's missing. The same thing that's missing from Skyrim. Good gameplay. These games appeal to people for whom story and role play are the focus.

On the other hand I loved Elden Ring. That game is everything those other games aren't.
    Poorly written?
    I couldn't get into Skyrim
Gotta agree, I feel that there is a minimum reading comprehension level that is required to actually enjoy the gameplay, and also only made it about 40%-50%.
Everyone's different I think Witcher 3 and RDR2 are generational games where as turn based and another dark souls roll and slash game just do nothing for me at all
Yeah I even finished it and loved witcher 2. But it was a slog to finish 3.
The Witcher 3 is my favorite game of all time. I also have ADHD and can't stand watching cutscenes, so I skip all of them. I have no idea what the story is about after playing it from start to finish three times. Also, Gwent is fun as fuck.
    How can you not have the attention to follow the story but have the attention to do gwent?
        ADHD is a bit of a misnomer. I feel it as an over abundance of attention, just extremely difficult to direct.
            High focus laser beam that never turns off, however it is..manageable with meds, I have adhd and I actually somewhat enjoyed it? But it did not leave a big impression on me like outer worlds, Also the combat is kinda bland.
        Gwent is kind of strategic if you're paying with good cards, and it can feel very engaging, the cit scenes can be hit or miss, and with adhd boredom is your worst enemy
            Bro monster decks are like cocaine when you get a good hand
            Fair enough. Thanks for sharing your perspective. I enjoyed the story but have barely touched gwent in my two playthroughs.
                That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
        Once you set up your deck gwent really doesn't take much attention.

My monster bois crushed anyone no matter what card I put on the table 9 times out of 10.
    This is the only thing I take away from these types of posts.

So fine you didn't like something a lot of people like. Different strokes.

But get off the conceit that everybody else is wrong and "deluding" themselves somehow.

Video gaming is very much like tv or music. There are no right or wrong answers. Just taste/opinions.
        I swear most debates about whether gaming or movies are good/bad are just people who liked something and can't admit it wasn't that good or people who hated it and can't admit it wasn't that bad.

I can have some pretty outrageous tastes but it's not that difficult to accept that it's just that.

I can give my opinion as fact though, especially when others are doing it, it really gets them riled up.
        Yeah I agree. It's the contempt and victim mentality and that everyone else is wrong that makes this a shit post
    Dude, there's narration recapping the story every time you load the game. 

IN DETAIL
    Witcher 3 definitely just became the gwent game for me. Like, I was just doing main quests to unlock more maps and then potentially more gwent opponents lol
    I watched all the cutscenes and I still had no idea what the story was after playing it.
        The story is Find girl.
            save the cheerleader, save the world
                WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
            The story is play Gwent.
                ^
        That's pretty embarrassing
    I’m 50/50 on cutscenes. My fav game genre is JRPGs and they notoriously have a lot of cutscenes and usually not the most exciting combat, the story is what gets me. The thing is there’s a fine balance of how much cut scene is too much. And sometimes on repeat play throughs I’ll just skip through them.

I don’t remember the Witcher 3 having a lot of cut scenes after the tutorial but I also didn’t get super far into the story. I got sidetracked during the main quest and stopped to pick flowers at some point on my way to see Yennefer lol
    Gwent was the only fun thing about the entire game
    > I also have ADHD

This is a cop-out, not an excuse. My GF has near-crippling ADHD and she couldn't focus *more* on a good storyline.
    Gwent is something I wish I got into as the game was going. I had a time limit before was selling my computer back to my friend and was hoping to power through it (not even close) and skipped the Gwent stuff. I now can’t play Gwent at all without getting destroyed and have to go back to the beginning areas to find certain characters to get the Gwent cards from.
    I don't like card games (I don't like a lot of games honestly).

Is there ADHD that's ADHD im reverse?

Because I see comments saying they have X and Y and then comments saying they have the same but in A.

&nbsp;

I mean is, ADHD, but you live for the cutscenes, you could watch them all say long and it is a bummer when they end and you have to return to the game.

&nbsp;

See, this is what I said in another comment. No one is like this. Why am I like this?
Skyrim is just an inferior version of oblivion
Skyrim lets you off from the start, you can be a monster in Blackreach before you ever get shitted from Nazeem. Same way Oblivion had “Wenion Priory” and most people just strolled right into Coral.


But Witcher is like “Help the Fat Man!” I dont care… “the Baron’s child was a ghost and he hung himself!” Hanged - he’s not a shirt, he’s a Carradine it’s a hanging - and…i still don’t really care 🤷‍♂️
    There’s nothing forcing you to do the Baron’s quests either.
it was the same for me, loved Skyrim but played maybe an hour of witcher and i just didn't like anything about it sadly
    Starting to think there's a pattern here, especially since I loved The Witcher 3 and can't stand Skyrim. It's almost as if they're very different game styles that just share a similar setting.
        the fun of Skyrim for me was creating my own character choosing their backstory whom you decided if you wanted to be good or bad etc with a premade character I didn't feel the same way. maybe partially that's why I just couldn't like the witcher or geralt since I may have expected it to be too much like Skyrim.
Not sure what makes games so great for you but the Score whoch mesns the music is easily one lf the best and most original which just makes the game top tier.
that's literally me i love skyrim but the witcher tried to play it 5 times got bored 5 times uninstalled boring game
My unpopular opinion: Skyrim is boring AF and the combat is atrocious. I have no idea how it was/is so popular.
    I agree the combat leaves a lot to be desired. Tbh the first time I played Skyrim I also didn’t like it. I was fucking lost. Couldn’t even figure out how to level up lmao. Part of the reason I like it is just the open world exploration. I learned to stop having quest anxiety and just do what I like, which is exploring. It’s also got an incredible soundtrack, and the scenery is beautiful, especially with mods. 

I don’t think there’s any particularly incredible quests in Skyrim that made me go “wow omg” but there’s also few gaming experiences I’ve had that compared to setting foot in Blackreach for the first time. I also like that you don’t HAVE to do anything in Skyrim. You don’t even have to start the main story quest. You can do anything you want, in any order, or nothing at all. You just get dropped into Skyrim and can do whatever you want.
I love both TW3 *and* Skyrim... but for entirely different reasons. The games are only alike in that they're fantasy settings with RPG elements.
My wife loved Witcher 1 and thought 2 was okay. We’ve both tried to play 3 and neither of us have over 10 hours in it.
Eh, because OP didn’t say it wasn’t for them, they said it’s mediocre. I’ve tried to get into TW3 at least three separate times now, but have kind of bounced off of it in less than five hours each time. I can still recognize it’s quality.
This is such a common misconception. Skyrim and The Witcher 3 are in almost nothing alike.

Skyrim has simpler combat and a simpler world. The power of Skyrim is it’s simplicity. You make your own character and the skills + progression is beyond anything I’ve ever seen. The focus isn’t on story in the game, that’s why some people find it barebones, the focus is on your character, progression and exploration.

In The Witcher, the skills and progression are barebones. The story is pretty good (mostly the side stories). I’d say The Witcher has a real focus on story and world building, but lacks in everything else to Skyrim.
    I agree! Was just mentioning in another reply that the only thing they really have in common is that it’s an open world fantasy setting. 

Skyrim’s storytelling does leave a lot to be desired but you really just boot the game up and do whatever you want right from the get go. The first few hours of TW3 were pretty handholdy to me, and while the combat was more interesting, I felt like there was a lot more pressure to stick to the story. I wasn’t going into it expecting that so maybe it was a little off putting. I don’t think it’s a bad game in any way, just wasn’t my vibe.
Same. Exactly my type of game. And it is highly reviewed. But when I play it I feel like the combat is just button mashing, the enemies are damage sponges, and the spells are fiddly and annoying to incorporate in a fight.
    I think it was the spells that got me now that you say it
Same, gave it two goes and lost interest. Which is shame cuz rpgs are some of my fav things in the world
    For me the controls were clunky, and too many long cut scenes.
        Yes that was what bugged me too. Controls were clunky and combat felt floaty(?) for lack of better term. I also really hated the durability system, yes I know it makes for realistic gameplay, but it felt so forced and unnecessary.

I didn’t enjoy it despite giving it 2-3 tries.
        Long cutscenes are a huge turn off for me! Can’t play any metal gear solid games because of them…
Just push past the bit of a slog that is the Velen and the Baron. Once you’re out of the swamp, shit really picks up imo
    Does the combat get any better? Story is one thing like I’d put up with a lot for what I’ve heard about it, but something about the combat just makes my brain shut off
        To an extent that’s in the eyes of the beholder, the combat system itself doesn’t change much but with the sign upgrades, armour/weapon sets, and variety in monsters to slay I’d say it gets better. But that being said, if you dislike how the combat feels then no, probably won’t get much better for ya
            I really don’t understand why I have such trouble with it, I play a bunch of other games that vary from more complex combat mechanics to those that are significantly bad/clunky. 

Oh well. I’ll give it another shot, I’ll go for making it past the Baron before reassessing
                I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
                there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
                I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
        The combat system broke my brain the first few times I tried it. The third time I pushed myself to play a bit longer and for some reason it eventually clicked. Once that happened I couldn't put the game down.
            For me it clicked eventually because I slowed down. I think I was used to faster combat and couldn't get the hang of it at first. Ended up enjoying a lot more afterwards by taking my time with attacks.
        I was told to play on atleast blood and broken bones because it makes you use more of the options in a fight and makes the fights more tense and meaningful. Honesty, it was good advice. After I beat the game I switched down to sword and story difficulty and I saw how boring the games combat would be if I'd played it like that. Also play gwent. Trust me, you will thank me later.
        What difficulty were you playing on? The combat felt way better (albeit pretty hard) on my deathmarch playthrough, after not really sticking for me on normal.
        No the combat is always poor, and gets more laughable in the DLC
    The Bloody Baron is one of the best parts of the game and was always regarded as such. Has that changed recently since people are starting to say they didn't like it?
    I loved the baron story, though the characters were so well written and fleshed out. Honestly if you don’t like it at the Barons, you’re probably not going to like the game as a whole.
        I feel like it takes time for even the barron to grow on people.

For me, I liked how side-quests just seemed to open and close in a compelling way, in particular how lairs, ruins, and wizard labs were gradually uncovered. But the baron...along with much of the aesthetic, felt like a kingdom of mud. I had to do a few main quests and get caught up in the writing.

I suppose I'd say the setting took time for me to adjust to.

TLDR; I really like Witcher 3, but I can easily see how it can straight up fail to hook people.
    I don't think I should have to suffer past a certain point for a game to become enjoyable. If your game is enjoyable from the start, I feel like that is a design problem. Devise a better way to introduce me to what is interesting about your gameplay loop, or may the introduction to the game interesting enough that I want to push through whatever big wall I am about to run into.
    Oddly I recall right after launch that many people were saying the Bloody Baron's storyline was the best part of the game. I understood where they were coming from in that it's drama-filled, but it also felt so pointless. It was a well crafted sidequest that they forced into the MQ puzzle.
    Interesting take, I had the complete opposite experience. I loved the Baron story and it helped me slog through the gameplay to conclude it. Act 2 bored me right out of the game
I think that’s more than a fair try and also, gaming is supposed to be fun, not a chore. If you don’t like something then go to the next game. Same with reading - some people force themselves to finish  books they hate. It’s a hobby not a competition!
This. Tried baldurs gate 3. Then I saw it was turn based. Instantly refunded. Im sure it's great, but it's just not my kind of game.
    To be fair I absolutely hate turn based combat and I still loved Baldur's gate 3 for some reason because it's just that good. I have a few mates who also experienced the same thing. Might be worth checking it out one day!
[deleted]
TW3 has major flaws, especially in gameplay. They tried to fix it with an alternate control mode but it did not do much. Geralt controls like a boat, the combat is floaty and imprecise, and it's just overall a pain to actually play.

So some parts are well made (side quests, world building, writing, characters, graphics) but some others are really poor (gameplay, both exploration and combat, gear progression, skill progression).
    The boat like controls are easily the shittiest part of the game.
    Everything that makes the game a game and not a show is mediocre
        Yeah, I LOVED the books but hated the games and I've tried all 3.

Small things for world building even meant that the story wasn't as good. Just things like hanging dead bodies when they know that causes necrophages, or the fact that towns near monsters don't have the simplest of defences (so that guy got attacked *inside* the town) meant that I couldn't look past gameplay I didn't enjoy.

Dragon Age inquisition was an example of a game where I liked the story and LOVED the world building but I just didn't really enjoy the gameplay.

W3 gameplay is better than the first 2 but I still didn't enjoy it.
Yeah and any opinion like THAT is a stupid opinion but let's not pretend people don't always act like their opinions are somehow superior over stupid shut.
This word hijackedmy brain
I wouldn't say it has a good plot, but it does have excellent writing. The side quests are great, and so are many of the characters. Have you played the ladies of the wood quest? that's one of the best quests in any game ever
Personally I don't like it either, but that's because the gameplay just feels lack luster in my opinion, there's nothing really bringing me back. And that's just that, you don't need a good reason not to like something, it's just not for them. Just like people who don't like rdr2 the gameplay might just be lackluster for them
And they better be pork!
    gotta see those little piggies
        I love Reddit
            I love you
Quentin, is that you?
Subreddits either decide "this game is perfect and cannot be criticized" (Witcher 3, TLOU2) or they decide "this game is dogwater and nobody could possibly enjoy it" (basically any Blizzard game).  The upvote system means you can't disagree with the hivemind or you get downvoted below the visibility threshold.
Winds howling
Hmmm.
Even Master Chief’s one-liners were one or two sentences long.
I actually like this about him, if I recall from my past attempt at playing the game, the problem is that everyone else takes waaay too long to get to the point. Except that guard that just says “Fuck” when you walk by, that guy is my hero.
    Twitter didn't exist back then.

&nbsp;

Honestly I find that dialogue in real life is far more bloated.

People go on and on and on to just say one thing or they repeat themselves.

Wich ironically I think I am also a victim of.
It drove me crazy the way he'd just start sentances in the middle of them. Nobody talks like that, and it sounds stupid.
    I proudly didn't play the games.

I believe, however, that that is what he has going for him.

Aside from his body, he isn't Hunan anymore.

It's a dilemma with story telling. Else you just write normal people in a fantasy setting.
    It's an attempt at flavourful translation. Thing is, you can trim polish sentence a lot without it sounding unnatural, if you want to be brief. Not so much in english
He talks a lot to the people he cares about. Otherwise he's a cynical old man who's just over everyones shit. 

Comes with the territory of being despised by every hillbilly peasant and fucked over by every wanna be lord. 

He's a grouchy old guy who only comes out of his shell for his crew.
The whole reason I could never get into the game was his voice and everyone thinks I’m insane. But today I have found my people
My gf overheard me playing it once and asked "are you romancing somebody? Why is he trying so hard to sound sexy" lmao
Honestly I think lies of p is actually kinda too hard

I'm in chapter 11, close to beating the game, and I will beat it. It's been decent I'd say. But I'd place it solidly below any actual from title as well as Nioh for souls likes.

The story is cool, I like the aesthetics. The music is okay, though its trying a bit too hard to copy dark souls. 

But the combat sometimes just feels shitty. You have to hit like 20 parries within the 3-5 frame window or some shit on attacks with huge delayed tells which you essentially need to memorize. And then you need to hit a slow ass charge attack on a boss before you can even get the visceral.

I rarely felt like I had "mastered" a boss. Like if I go back to sekiro today having not played it in years, I'm pretty confident I can still beat isshin within 5 tries cause I played the shit out of that game and got good at it's combat. But for lies of p, every boss just feels like I scraped by or got lucky on a good run.
It tells you that they played Elden Ring.
    Big if true
lol,you killed me 😂😂🤣
Dam, I got diagnosed last year. Welp, it's time to attempt the game again
That's completely fair too, the most important part of video games is having fun
I have another potentially unpopular opinion in that I think geralt is really poorly voiced. The guy who does it just puts on a very monotonous "cool guy" voice. That doesn't really convey any character or bring any colour at all to the game. I was not able to create any sense of connection with such a lack of character which of course led to me not caring one jot about anything that happened to him. 

Notably also Skyrim doesn't have a voice actor for the dragon born, which I think is a very important difference and what makes Skyrim a true RPG and not an adventure story game. With no voice acting you are free to put your own voice to the character which allows you to create any personality that you wish. Whereas in the Witcher you are confined to just geralt, so you have less freedom to roleplay.
    I think the monotone voice is actually meant to convey the fact Witchers are canoncially supposed to have dampened emotions from the mutations they've gone through. That being said every other Witcher we meet doesn't have quite this much monotone so it's not like it's consistent lol. I do think a weak point of the games is it expects you to have knowledge of Geralt's past to better empathize with him and his cause.
        I can agree that it would make sense for him to be monotone, but in this case if you look at any other work that the voice actor for geralt has done, it's this exact same voice. I think he just lacks vocal range and expression. Even if the monotonous emotionally lacking kind of voice was the aim, I still think it was done poorly.
            His German voice is basically doing the same. So it's most likely on purpose and fits for a guy who has basically seen everything and is supposed to be badass.
    Tbh that sort of deadpan delivery really accentuates his witty, sarcastic dialogue.
To be fair, a lot of TW3 world isn’t meant to be “dreamy” like Skyrim’s. I mean, not long after starting the game, you start seeing bodies hanging from trees - really helped to set the tone. There’s this area of TW3 map that I legit cannot go to because it makes me so uncomfortable. If I go there, I have to be quick and I fast travel to a town swarming with people right after to feel safe lol. 

Imo, TW3 is good at setting the atmosphere - it’s just not a very pleasant one sometimes. So unpleasant that I don’t want to stay there lol - which is still pretty immersive to me.

I’d LOVE to live in Skyrim. It’s beautiful most the time and dreamy. Novigrad? Velen? Hell no.
    You are absolutely right and put it really well! Especially in the beginning there are a lot of darker things happening, spooky areas and weird characters appearing which isn't really what I need in games. Skyrim was far from 100% peaceful of course. But the quests rarely set specific tones or introduced striking characters. The tone was mostly set by the landscape and music.
\>immersion and tense, dreamy atmosphere as Skyrim did.

I am like on the absolute other spectrum of that opinion. Skyrim's quests, npcs and the depth of the world (things like npc ai, how combat plays out, the gameplay loop etc.) ruin the immersion and atmosphere of it so much for me that I can't help but see past how bare bones and shallow the game actually is when you look too close.

The world visually is amazing, and there's a draw to it when you're not actively playing because you think about all of those adventures you could be having but when the game's actually up I'm immediately reminded that is all in my head and the actual game has none of that and never had anything even close to what I envisioned.
    Well I think for me weaknesses like that often even help the immersion cause it gives more space for fantasy. Witcher 3 indeed had more depth regarding quests and characters but then the game has way more control over what you perceive and in the end how you feel about it. On the other hand, Skyrim characters like Lydia were totally shallow but you could project so many things on her. 

It's partly the same idea as when you compare watching a movie or reading a book. With the latter one you basically set up a big part of the atmosphere by yourself which can help to feel more immersed although the actual perception is much more limited.
They did....it's called ThroneBreaker
nope, don't have a ps5, but i'm happy to hear it!
It’s the dodging for me, it’s like dodge dodge hit 3 times dodge dodge dodge hit 3 times. 

Tried a spell run but it’s the same just with longer intervals even on hardest settings
    I love the game but I agree, the combat system is a bit boring, even on legendary (orwhatever that mode is called). There were only a few boss fights that were vaguely difficult.
The combat is super janky.  They tried to do an action combat thing, but your spells are mediocre, your sword swings don't feel weighty at all, and dodging doesn't work half the time
A lot of people have said that. I have to say it isn;t a lot of fun, especially compared to something like elden ring.
    I completely agree. I don’t understand how some people can like the combat in the Witcher but good for them I guess
It felt extremely polished compared to the first 2 games imo
Poorly written?
I couldn't get into Skyrim
How can you not have the attention to follow the story but have the attention to do gwent?
    ADHD is a bit of a misnomer. I feel it as an over abundance of attention, just extremely difficult to direct.
        High focus laser beam that never turns off, however it is..manageable with meds, I have adhd and I actually somewhat enjoyed it? But it did not leave a big impression on me like outer worlds, Also the combat is kinda bland.
    Gwent is kind of strategic if you're paying with good cards, and it can feel very engaging, the cit scenes can be hit or miss, and with adhd boredom is your worst enemy
        Bro monster decks are like cocaine when you get a good hand
        Fair enough. Thanks for sharing your perspective. I enjoyed the story but have barely touched gwent in my two playthroughs.
            That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
    Once you set up your deck gwent really doesn't take much attention.

My monster bois crushed anyone no matter what card I put on the table 9 times out of 10.
This is the only thing I take away from these types of posts.

So fine you didn't like something a lot of people like. Different strokes.

But get off the conceit that everybody else is wrong and "deluding" themselves somehow.

Video gaming is very much like tv or music. There are no right or wrong answers. Just taste/opinions.
    I swear most debates about whether gaming or movies are good/bad are just people who liked something and can't admit it wasn't that good or people who hated it and can't admit it wasn't that bad.

I can have some pretty outrageous tastes but it's not that difficult to accept that it's just that.

I can give my opinion as fact though, especially when others are doing it, it really gets them riled up.
    Yeah I agree. It's the contempt and victim mentality and that everyone else is wrong that makes this a shit post
Dude, there's narration recapping the story every time you load the game. 

IN DETAIL
Witcher 3 definitely just became the gwent game for me. Like, I was just doing main quests to unlock more maps and then potentially more gwent opponents lol
I watched all the cutscenes and I still had no idea what the story was after playing it.
    The story is Find girl.
        save the cheerleader, save the world
            WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
        The story is play Gwent.
            ^
    That's pretty embarrassing
I’m 50/50 on cutscenes. My fav game genre is JRPGs and they notoriously have a lot of cutscenes and usually not the most exciting combat, the story is what gets me. The thing is there’s a fine balance of how much cut scene is too much. And sometimes on repeat play throughs I’ll just skip through them.

I don’t remember the Witcher 3 having a lot of cut scenes after the tutorial but I also didn’t get super far into the story. I got sidetracked during the main quest and stopped to pick flowers at some point on my way to see Yennefer lol
Gwent was the only fun thing about the entire game
> I also have ADHD

This is a cop-out, not an excuse. My GF has near-crippling ADHD and she couldn't focus *more* on a good storyline.
Gwent is something I wish I got into as the game was going. I had a time limit before was selling my computer back to my friend and was hoping to power through it (not even close) and skipped the Gwent stuff. I now can’t play Gwent at all without getting destroyed and have to go back to the beginning areas to find certain characters to get the Gwent cards from.
I don't like card games (I don't like a lot of games honestly).

Is there ADHD that's ADHD im reverse?

Because I see comments saying they have X and Y and then comments saying they have the same but in A.

&nbsp;

I mean is, ADHD, but you live for the cutscenes, you could watch them all say long and it is a bummer when they end and you have to return to the game.

&nbsp;

See, this is what I said in another comment. No one is like this. Why am I like this?
There’s nothing forcing you to do the Baron’s quests either.
Starting to think there's a pattern here, especially since I loved The Witcher 3 and can't stand Skyrim. It's almost as if they're very different game styles that just share a similar setting.
    the fun of Skyrim for me was creating my own character choosing their backstory whom you decided if you wanted to be good or bad etc with a premade character I didn't feel the same way. maybe partially that's why I just couldn't like the witcher or geralt since I may have expected it to be too much like Skyrim.
I agree the combat leaves a lot to be desired. Tbh the first time I played Skyrim I also didn’t like it. I was fucking lost. Couldn’t even figure out how to level up lmao. Part of the reason I like it is just the open world exploration. I learned to stop having quest anxiety and just do what I like, which is exploring. It’s also got an incredible soundtrack, and the scenery is beautiful, especially with mods. 

I don’t think there’s any particularly incredible quests in Skyrim that made me go “wow omg” but there’s also few gaming experiences I’ve had that compared to setting foot in Blackreach for the first time. I also like that you don’t HAVE to do anything in Skyrim. You don’t even have to start the main story quest. You can do anything you want, in any order, or nothing at all. You just get dropped into Skyrim and can do whatever you want.
I agree! Was just mentioning in another reply that the only thing they really have in common is that it’s an open world fantasy setting. 

Skyrim’s storytelling does leave a lot to be desired but you really just boot the game up and do whatever you want right from the get go. The first few hours of TW3 were pretty handholdy to me, and while the combat was more interesting, I felt like there was a lot more pressure to stick to the story. I wasn’t going into it expecting that so maybe it was a little off putting. I don’t think it’s a bad game in any way, just wasn’t my vibe.
I think it was the spells that got me now that you say it
For me the controls were clunky, and too many long cut scenes.
    Yes that was what bugged me too. Controls were clunky and combat felt floaty(?) for lack of better term. I also really hated the durability system, yes I know it makes for realistic gameplay, but it felt so forced and unnecessary.

I didn’t enjoy it despite giving it 2-3 tries.
    Long cutscenes are a huge turn off for me! Can’t play any metal gear solid games because of them…
Does the combat get any better? Story is one thing like I’d put up with a lot for what I’ve heard about it, but something about the combat just makes my brain shut off
    To an extent that’s in the eyes of the beholder, the combat system itself doesn’t change much but with the sign upgrades, armour/weapon sets, and variety in monsters to slay I’d say it gets better. But that being said, if you dislike how the combat feels then no, probably won’t get much better for ya
        I really don’t understand why I have such trouble with it, I play a bunch of other games that vary from more complex combat mechanics to those that are significantly bad/clunky. 

Oh well. I’ll give it another shot, I’ll go for making it past the Baron before reassessing
            I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
            there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
            I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
    The combat system broke my brain the first few times I tried it. The third time I pushed myself to play a bit longer and for some reason it eventually clicked. Once that happened I couldn't put the game down.
        For me it clicked eventually because I slowed down. I think I was used to faster combat and couldn't get the hang of it at first. Ended up enjoying a lot more afterwards by taking my time with attacks.
    I was told to play on atleast blood and broken bones because it makes you use more of the options in a fight and makes the fights more tense and meaningful. Honesty, it was good advice. After I beat the game I switched down to sword and story difficulty and I saw how boring the games combat would be if I'd played it like that. Also play gwent. Trust me, you will thank me later.
    What difficulty were you playing on? The combat felt way better (albeit pretty hard) on my deathmarch playthrough, after not really sticking for me on normal.
    No the combat is always poor, and gets more laughable in the DLC
The Bloody Baron is one of the best parts of the game and was always regarded as such. Has that changed recently since people are starting to say they didn't like it?
I loved the baron story, though the characters were so well written and fleshed out. Honestly if you don’t like it at the Barons, you’re probably not going to like the game as a whole.
    I feel like it takes time for even the barron to grow on people.

For me, I liked how side-quests just seemed to open and close in a compelling way, in particular how lairs, ruins, and wizard labs were gradually uncovered. But the baron...along with much of the aesthetic, felt like a kingdom of mud. I had to do a few main quests and get caught up in the writing.

I suppose I'd say the setting took time for me to adjust to.

TLDR; I really like Witcher 3, but I can easily see how it can straight up fail to hook people.
I don't think I should have to suffer past a certain point for a game to become enjoyable. If your game is enjoyable from the start, I feel like that is a design problem. Devise a better way to introduce me to what is interesting about your gameplay loop, or may the introduction to the game interesting enough that I want to push through whatever big wall I am about to run into.
Oddly I recall right after launch that many people were saying the Bloody Baron's storyline was the best part of the game. I understood where they were coming from in that it's drama-filled, but it also felt so pointless. It was a well crafted sidequest that they forced into the MQ puzzle.
Interesting take, I had the complete opposite experience. I loved the Baron story and it helped me slog through the gameplay to conclude it. Act 2 bored me right out of the game
To be fair I absolutely hate turn based combat and I still loved Baldur's gate 3 for some reason because it's just that good. I have a few mates who also experienced the same thing. Might be worth checking it out one day!
The boat like controls are easily the shittiest part of the game.
Everything that makes the game a game and not a show is mediocre
    Yeah, I LOVED the books but hated the games and I've tried all 3.

Small things for world building even meant that the story wasn't as good. Just things like hanging dead bodies when they know that causes necrophages, or the fact that towns near monsters don't have the simplest of defences (so that guy got attacked *inside* the town) meant that I couldn't look past gameplay I didn't enjoy.

Dragon Age inquisition was an example of a game where I liked the story and LOVED the world building but I just didn't really enjoy the gameplay.

W3 gameplay is better than the first 2 but I still didn't enjoy it.
gotta see those little piggies
    I love Reddit
        I love you
Twitter didn't exist back then.

&nbsp;

Honestly I find that dialogue in real life is far more bloated.

People go on and on and on to just say one thing or they repeat themselves.

Wich ironically I think I am also a victim of.
I proudly didn't play the games.

I believe, however, that that is what he has going for him.

Aside from his body, he isn't Hunan anymore.

It's a dilemma with story telling. Else you just write normal people in a fantasy setting.
It's an attempt at flavourful translation. Thing is, you can trim polish sentence a lot without it sounding unnatural, if you want to be brief. Not so much in english
Big if true
I think the monotone voice is actually meant to convey the fact Witchers are canoncially supposed to have dampened emotions from the mutations they've gone through. That being said every other Witcher we meet doesn't have quite this much monotone so it's not like it's consistent lol. I do think a weak point of the games is it expects you to have knowledge of Geralt's past to better empathize with him and his cause.
    I can agree that it would make sense for him to be monotone, but in this case if you look at any other work that the voice actor for geralt has done, it's this exact same voice. I think he just lacks vocal range and expression. Even if the monotonous emotionally lacking kind of voice was the aim, I still think it was done poorly.
        His German voice is basically doing the same. So it's most likely on purpose and fits for a guy who has basically seen everything and is supposed to be badass.
Tbh that sort of deadpan delivery really accentuates his witty, sarcastic dialogue.
You are absolutely right and put it really well! Especially in the beginning there are a lot of darker things happening, spooky areas and weird characters appearing which isn't really what I need in games. Skyrim was far from 100% peaceful of course. But the quests rarely set specific tones or introduced striking characters. The tone was mostly set by the landscape and music.
Well I think for me weaknesses like that often even help the immersion cause it gives more space for fantasy. Witcher 3 indeed had more depth regarding quests and characters but then the game has way more control over what you perceive and in the end how you feel about it. On the other hand, Skyrim characters like Lydia were totally shallow but you could project so many things on her. 

It's partly the same idea as when you compare watching a movie or reading a book. With the latter one you basically set up a big part of the atmosphere by yourself which can help to feel more immersed although the actual perception is much more limited.
I love the game but I agree, the combat system is a bit boring, even on legendary (orwhatever that mode is called). There were only a few boss fights that were vaguely difficult.
I completely agree. I don’t understand how some people can like the combat in the Witcher but good for them I guess
ADHD is a bit of a misnomer. I feel it as an over abundance of attention, just extremely difficult to direct.
    High focus laser beam that never turns off, however it is..manageable with meds, I have adhd and I actually somewhat enjoyed it? But it did not leave a big impression on me like outer worlds, Also the combat is kinda bland.
Gwent is kind of strategic if you're paying with good cards, and it can feel very engaging, the cit scenes can be hit or miss, and with adhd boredom is your worst enemy
    Bro monster decks are like cocaine when you get a good hand
    Fair enough. Thanks for sharing your perspective. I enjoyed the story but have barely touched gwent in my two playthroughs.
        That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
Once you set up your deck gwent really doesn't take much attention.

My monster bois crushed anyone no matter what card I put on the table 9 times out of 10.
I swear most debates about whether gaming or movies are good/bad are just people who liked something and can't admit it wasn't that good or people who hated it and can't admit it wasn't that bad.

I can have some pretty outrageous tastes but it's not that difficult to accept that it's just that.

I can give my opinion as fact though, especially when others are doing it, it really gets them riled up.
Yeah I agree. It's the contempt and victim mentality and that everyone else is wrong that makes this a shit post
The story is Find girl.
    save the cheerleader, save the world
        WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
    The story is play Gwent.
        ^
That's pretty embarrassing
the fun of Skyrim for me was creating my own character choosing their backstory whom you decided if you wanted to be good or bad etc with a premade character I didn't feel the same way. maybe partially that's why I just couldn't like the witcher or geralt since I may have expected it to be too much like Skyrim.
Yes that was what bugged me too. Controls were clunky and combat felt floaty(?) for lack of better term. I also really hated the durability system, yes I know it makes for realistic gameplay, but it felt so forced and unnecessary.

I didn’t enjoy it despite giving it 2-3 tries.
Long cutscenes are a huge turn off for me! Can’t play any metal gear solid games because of them…
To an extent that’s in the eyes of the beholder, the combat system itself doesn’t change much but with the sign upgrades, armour/weapon sets, and variety in monsters to slay I’d say it gets better. But that being said, if you dislike how the combat feels then no, probably won’t get much better for ya
    I really don’t understand why I have such trouble with it, I play a bunch of other games that vary from more complex combat mechanics to those that are significantly bad/clunky. 

Oh well. I’ll give it another shot, I’ll go for making it past the Baron before reassessing
        I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
        there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
        I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
The combat system broke my brain the first few times I tried it. The third time I pushed myself to play a bit longer and for some reason it eventually clicked. Once that happened I couldn't put the game down.
    For me it clicked eventually because I slowed down. I think I was used to faster combat and couldn't get the hang of it at first. Ended up enjoying a lot more afterwards by taking my time with attacks.
I was told to play on atleast blood and broken bones because it makes you use more of the options in a fight and makes the fights more tense and meaningful. Honesty, it was good advice. After I beat the game I switched down to sword and story difficulty and I saw how boring the games combat would be if I'd played it like that. Also play gwent. Trust me, you will thank me later.
What difficulty were you playing on? The combat felt way better (albeit pretty hard) on my deathmarch playthrough, after not really sticking for me on normal.
No the combat is always poor, and gets more laughable in the DLC
I feel like it takes time for even the barron to grow on people.

For me, I liked how side-quests just seemed to open and close in a compelling way, in particular how lairs, ruins, and wizard labs were gradually uncovered. But the baron...along with much of the aesthetic, felt like a kingdom of mud. I had to do a few main quests and get caught up in the writing.

I suppose I'd say the setting took time for me to adjust to.

TLDR; I really like Witcher 3, but I can easily see how it can straight up fail to hook people.
Yeah, I LOVED the books but hated the games and I've tried all 3.

Small things for world building even meant that the story wasn't as good. Just things like hanging dead bodies when they know that causes necrophages, or the fact that towns near monsters don't have the simplest of defences (so that guy got attacked *inside* the town) meant that I couldn't look past gameplay I didn't enjoy.

Dragon Age inquisition was an example of a game where I liked the story and LOVED the world building but I just didn't really enjoy the gameplay.

W3 gameplay is better than the first 2 but I still didn't enjoy it.
I love Reddit
    I love you
I can agree that it would make sense for him to be monotone, but in this case if you look at any other work that the voice actor for geralt has done, it's this exact same voice. I think he just lacks vocal range and expression. Even if the monotonous emotionally lacking kind of voice was the aim, I still think it was done poorly.
    His German voice is basically doing the same. So it's most likely on purpose and fits for a guy who has basically seen everything and is supposed to be badass.
High focus laser beam that never turns off, however it is..manageable with meds, I have adhd and I actually somewhat enjoyed it? But it did not leave a big impression on me like outer worlds, Also the combat is kinda bland.
Bro monster decks are like cocaine when you get a good hand
Fair enough. Thanks for sharing your perspective. I enjoyed the story but have barely touched gwent in my two playthroughs.
    That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
save the cheerleader, save the world
    WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
The story is play Gwent.
    ^
I really don’t understand why I have such trouble with it, I play a bunch of other games that vary from more complex combat mechanics to those that are significantly bad/clunky. 

Oh well. I’ll give it another shot, I’ll go for making it past the Baron before reassessing
    I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
    there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
    I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
For me it clicked eventually because I slowed down. I think I was used to faster combat and couldn't get the hang of it at first. Ended up enjoying a lot more afterwards by taking my time with attacks.
I love you
His German voice is basically doing the same. So it's most likely on purpose and fits for a guy who has basically seen everything and is supposed to be badass.
That's me too. I just don't like card battle games. Don't like Gwent don't like the TCG thing in genshin impact. Dice poker from the second game was pretty cool though but that didn't require you to spend hours upon hours collecting cards just so you can beat random trader #3.
WE COULD BE HEROS, just for one day
^
I love the game but the combat is wonky. There was a fairly recent update that gave it a next-gen version with some quality of life additions that make some of the combat controls better, but if you really didn’t like it before it probably won’t be enough to sell you on the game on its own. 

PERSONALLY, if you really don’t like the combat but want to experience the story, my suggestion would be to put the game on the easiest difficulty and treat the combat as a function of storytelling rather than a test of mechanical skill. That’s what I did and I still had a great time. I just accept the fact that Geralt is a master swordsman and that’s why it’s so easy.
there's an option in the settings to make he controls a bit tighter, but tbh the combat is the weakest part of the whole package.

I loved the games for the outstanding story, voice acting, great quest design, cool locations and cool monsters.
I love the Witcher 3, and I've kind of stalled during my second playthrough of it (want to play the DLCs, didn't get to the first time around). I love the story, I love the people, and I love the monsters, but the combat is just bad. I can't hold that opinion against anyone, and I understand if it turns you off the game.

It just feels so stiff and one note. Signs are fun, but that's pretty much it. Very excited to see what they do with the next installment with a better engine.
