[[Non-Blood Deck Recommemdations (RotationUnlimited)]]


So I had max leveled Bloodcraft recently, and now I'm looking for another deck that's not Blood to play on Rotation or Unlimited at the moment

What non-Blood deck would be good to play in Rotation or Unlimited right now? Currently I have 76k vials and 12k temporary gems to get cards for one class's deck or two depending what deck lists you guys give me

Currently my other class levels are:

Portal: 23

Forest: 27

Sword: 43 (used to play Loot Sword in before rotated)

Rune: 35 (used to play Mysteria Ginger before nerf)

Dragon: 79 (used to play Buff Dragon)

Shadow: 45 (used to play Masquerade and LW Shadow before rotated)

Haven: 30


Wait for the update to drop before making another deck. Who knows what the power levels will change
Amulet Heavencraft seems pretty solid
    I was wondering about that deck too, but Big seems a lot of fun
I recommend Departed Soultaker Shadow. Is it good? Probably Yes. Am I Biased? Probably Yes. Should you Still Play it? Yes.

  
link to my vid if you interested: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_zUAiWLo8zc&lc=UgyvY0OeNIRLLmjlycB4AaABAg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zUAiWLo8zc&lc=UgyvY0OeNIRLLmjlycB4AaABAg)
    Ayy Qzelxt, love your meme deck contents man, makes my days better when I feel down XD
        Always a pleasure
Come to Unlimited

We have:

The Good (Armed Dragon)

The Bad (Hozumi Forest)

And The Ugly (Dimension Shift Rune)
    It's really neat how Dimension Shift Rune has survived and evolved ever since the first card set of the game.

I say this as someone who does not play unlimited though, so I don't have to go against it!
for unlimited maybe try out armed dragon or a less fun deck like dimension shift rune or hozumi elf

or hell maybe use smth like lord atomy shadow or resonance portal
Vyrn's new auto-evolve at 1pp can possibly open up evo shenanigans for all classes, so it'll be fun to try.

Like maybe evo blood (LOL)? Kagemitsu? Evo portal?
wait for the update that is dropping pretty sure and see if any of the changes shake the meta
Buff Dragon is still a thing in rotation.
I was wondering about that deck too, but Big seems a lot of fun
Ayy Qzelxt, love your meme deck contents man, makes my days better when I feel down XD
    Always a pleasure
It's really neat how Dimension Shift Rune has survived and evolved ever since the first card set of the game.

I say this as someone who does not play unlimited though, so I don't have to go against it!
Always a pleasure
