[[Opinions on Fallout 4]]


Another settlement needs our help!


I'm playing again right now.  Just started a new playthrough,  so naturally, I'm going to spend the next 4 hours clearing all the junk from Sanctuary before going anywhere.
    I really love taking my time on a playthrough like this. By the time you bring Preston here the whole place is completely cleaned up, beds and defenses. I actually completely clean out red rocket of stuff and slow walk all of it back to sanctuary.
        I usually let Preston and the minutemen have sanctuary and turn Red Rocket into my base, the garage door plus the sliding doors is a nice feature
            I feel like that's what the Red Rocket settlement was meant for, thats what i think anyway.
                Considering that the start screen shows a power armor station in a Red Rocket, I'd say that's extremely likely. Seriously, I'm not mocking you. I, however, never used it as my own personal settlement, having purchased and decorated Home Plate in Diamond City
                    [removed]
                        For me it's always Red Rocket as a personal base until I get to Hangman's Alley. Then I slowly move everything there.
                            Hangman Alley is to me the best home base for the city.  I don't remember a playthrough where my first thing I do in Boston proper wasn't clearing Hangmans Alley.
                                Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
                                Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
                        Didn’t know I could buy a house in Diamond city til my third play through haha
                    I restarted just to turn red rocket into my home, because I couldn’t be bothered to move everything
                    Spoilers
            i no longer feel like i have any natural to myself ideas 😂😂
        Lol,  im dying on the slow walk. I'm about to go do that now
        I always do it before I meet them, it's so irritating having to build around NPCs. Then they have the gall to still try and tutorial me on how to build shit.
        I do this as well. Think about my build as well
        Yes! Cleaning settlements up is extremely satisfying. If only there was a mod that allowed me to expand my cleaning to the whole map, I’d love to become the heroic Janitor of the Commonwealth!
            New faction confirmed
    I still remember how cool it was when I first got to use the settlement building. It wasn’t perfect but I really liked that initial feeling of building a small home for just a handful of Minutemen.
    I’m doing my first playthrough with mods and I’m using one that allows me to scrap everything in a settlement. It’s pretty satisfying.
        This. One of the biggest peeves I had when I first played was the fact that Preston and the rest never improved ANYTHING in Sanctuary. I mean ... y'all couldn't even pick up the old tires and basic trash? Especially when other settlers would show up. So the Scrap that Settlement mod was a lifesaver to my mental health....lol
    This is the way.
When I broke 1,000 hours on Steam I gave it a review of "pretty cool".
    Mine is "fun piece a shite"
        That actually sounds like a very accurate review.
            100% It's my favorite unplayable game.
                Mine is Ark
    “Neat”
    "It's not bad"
        "Makes my boner pop"
A great Fallout game for me.

Exploration, combat & loot is a 3 phase model I'm addicted too & have found myself playing this game for years on end.

Not a fan of the story but thankfully Far Harbor was there lmao.
    > Not a fan of the story but thankfully Far Harbor was there lmao.

There are a lot of areas/dialogue/characters/etc. that just seem like they were meant to be developed more, but then weren't.
        The most egregious to me is that scene in goodneighbour after going into Kellogg's mind where Nick starts talking in Kellogg's voice and then it's never brought up ever again after that. That could have been such a cool plot point.
            The worst to me is that they had an entire Revolutionary War metaphor set up and barely touched it. The imperialistic distant faction (Institute/England) that imposed its will by fiat/force/deception on the less-advanced commoners (all the colonists/surface dwellers), a group literally called the Minutemen that opposed them, a powerful ally that shows up halfway through (Brotherhood/France), a group that meets in the Old North Church, etc. etc. etc.

Did they do anything with that? Nope, just a bunch of fetch quests and "go here, kill everyone".
            I thought it was gonna be a Johnny Silverhand thing
    The story was soooo mid. The rest of the game is great
    ^ This.
I can definitely understand why people who loved New Vegas and the older games weren't big fans. Most of the factions do feel quite 'underwritten', and the number of really really cool unique side quests definitely seems lower than the other games, but I fell in love with the atmosphere of the Commonwealth, and I absolutely love building settlements.
    Very detailed response. I've spent ~300 hours on the game for a reason and it was definitely the base building and exploration. As one of those older fans it still affects me playing to this day that the replayability is just not there sadly. I respect those who did have fun with it regardless and only wish for Fallout to grow further and better but with the way the real world is looking, we're probably not gonna get that.
        Wdym, the real world is looking great. In a few years time, we'll be able to play nothing BUT Fallout, all day every day! /s
        NV offered a minimum of 4 play throughs (2 if you save scum) to join the ncr, legion, mr house then yourself, each with unique missions
    As a Bostonian though, I was disappointed Fallout 4 didn't actually give Boston vibes and none of the towns were all that accurate.

Still love the map but I definitely think they could have done better in terms of matching the feel.
        As a non Bostonian, very accurate, 10/10 would commonwealth again
        I've never been to Boston so I find it really interesting hearing a local take on it, it's a pity they didn't get the real feel of the place. Missed opportunity.
    that's one comment I can agree with
    The factions and story were very underwritten. It felt in a lot of ways just fallout 3 modernized, different setting, better mechanics so on. Not saying it's a bad game because it's in no way a bad game. It's just not my favorite. I just prefer FO3 or NV.
Great entry fallout game
    Yup it was my intro to Fallout and now I’m playing New Vegas, then playing 3
        Same here. I played new Vegas next and love it. Very different from 4 but story mechanics so much better. Now if 5 can be a merge of the two I’d be in heaven
            Closest we can get is Fallout London
        I did that order, got stuck in New Vegas and went over to 3. I’ll be going back to New Vegas once I’m done with all the DLCs.
        3s the best story imo
            New Vegas had the story where your decisions actually mattered more.
            have you played the classics? bruh....... even on the recent games, fnv still a lot better. At least fo3 is not as bad as fo4 story-wise tho
            Idk, fo1 takes the cake for me.
            100% agree
    Of all the games in the Fallout series, Fallout 4 is one of them.
    Yeah its unfortunate they shaved down the RPG mechanincs and other features from previous games, but the game does help to ease in players that are new to Fallout or the RPG genre at all.
        I actually like the perk overhaul over the skills/perks from prior games.  I think the "build" variety was a lot better
        Shaved it so hard!! Rolled so many perks into 1, wack.
    Debatable. 

It gives the wrong impression to newcomers that Fallout is some sort of post apocalyptic looter shooter.
        That's what it became after Bethesda acquired it.  I realize that's not where it started.
        I mean that’s what’s it’s been for like 10+ years now
            Not really.

Fallout 3 and New Vegas were much closer to the classic Fallouts, while 4 gutted a lot of basic mechanics and dumbed down the RPG elements.
Instead they focused on polishing shooting, added base building and edited crafting.
                That’s true but Fallout 76 carried a lot of things they changed in 4 which tells me that’s the direction they are moving forward in for better or worse.
        Life is debatable.
    great entry fallout game? the least fallout game in the franchise
        [removed]
            [removed]
    Nah, fallout 1 is the easiest entry game. Simplest mechanics in the franchise and extremely easy, fun, and basic.

Edit: does Reddit even know what sarcasm is?!
        No we should respect it as the start of fallout but it is nothing at all like any fallout game that has been made in the last 15 years and most players are not interested in these types of games and would most likely rather a the 3d ones
            Tried Fallout (1) because “I love the series.” Found out I don’t love the series; I just love 3, NV, and 76
                It's a bit rough nowadays even by iso rpg standards. Graphics aren't the best so some of the things you're meant to notice are hard to distinguish, random encounters can be arbitrarily hard and follower mechanics are a limited and rather dated nowadays creating more difficulty.
                You don't have to like everything in a series to love that series even the most die hard fan probably doesn't like brotherhood of steel the game
        Poe’s Law applies here.
I liked it, I'm playing through it again right now as a matter of fact. New Vegas is still my favorite modern Fallout, but I enjoyed 4 quite a lot.
    Agreed, new Vegas is the best fallout
good gameplay shit main story, Far Harbour is good but it's kinda short and its a bummer that the only "evil" playthrough is a DLC, settlement building is fun, from my 2k hours in steam i think atleast 500 are just from building stuff and pixel arts in sanctuary.
    Institute is def an evil choice
        True but you gotta get halfway through the story just to even side with them. Fallout 3 I can blow up a city in the first hour of the game.
It’s maybe my favorite game ever
    It's definitely my favorite game ever
Good open world action game, far harbor is the best fallout DLC ever.
    It really is. Wish I could erase my memory of far harbor and play it all over again.
        I’m hoping to visit Mount Desert Island IRL this spring or fall.
            I'm jealous haha, but excited for you! Sounds like my dream of touring the FO76 destinations in the state of irl West Virginia. 
                That’s another plan actually. If I don’t do Maine I’m probably doing WV around early May. I had it all planned for my 30th back in August, was gonna be walking the New River Gorge Bridge at the exact time of my 30th birthday in the late afternoon, but I contracted COVID a few days before booking things and was out of commission for a month.
                    Oh man, I'm so sorry that happened! I'm glad you're doing alright! You have some great plans set in motion and I hope you post lots of photos to this sub. We would love to see your irl fallout adventures!
                        Thanks! Yeah I’ll definitely post pics here and most likely an album link since there will be more than a few pics! I’m hoping to do both this year, one in the spring and one in the fall. Most likely WV in the spring, since some other family members want to go too and will have time then, and that gives me time to work on my hiking skills for Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park.
            Highly recommend it! I visit about every other year. Fantastic hiking. Hit Cadillac mnt for sunrise, and def go to Eagle lake to swim.
        M e m o r y s e q u e n c e
    Except. That one part. You know the bit I mean.
        Oh yeah, terrible puzzles, and I usually enjoy puzzles.
            Same person who did the brain sequence in campaign must have been responsible
    I draw/paint to the OST often when I need my post apoc hauntingly beautiful music fix.
    You misspelled Old World Blues
    While I really really like far harbor I think the best fallout dlc has got to be Old World Blues
        Old world blues isn't even the best NV dlc, much less all of fallout
        I really enjoyed nuka world.
            I liked nuka world too. My only complaint would be that if you side with the minute men you miss out on so much content but besides that I rather enjoyed my time with it.
    I do love Far Harbor!

Im playing survival this go around with some great mods to make it even harder. Looking forward to what Far Harbor brings
    I like Point Lookout a lot more personally. Much better horror vibe.
        Point lookout has great horror vibes but Far Harbor has a more general “mini fallout game” vibe too it. It’s got all the fallout vibes going for it, from horror and destruction to hope and beauty.
    > far harbor is the best fallout DLC ever

Agree. But also, rest of F4 is cool factor first, lore and worldbuilding being crammed in, and only if possible, later.
It’s the only one I’ve spent a lot of time on
It’s great on survival mode. A truly unique AAA experience. As a branching RPG, less so, but as an action RPG it’s great.
A fun settlement building experience
    You've tapped into Sim Settlements 2 right?....right?...please tell me you do.
Most entertaining Fallout I've played. Many, many hours spent building settlements to expand my empire.
Good
Ive spent more hours in FO4 than any of the others. Absolute favorite, by far, with some of the most memorable characters and side quests. Got a soft spot for Preston, Nick and Danse. Honestly, the game feels like home, to me.
    I agree with everything you said exactly.... except for Preston. That's my one sour spot. But otherwise, my favorite fallout game and also my favorite game of all time.
        Poor Preston haha, but yeah he's either loved or loathed. No in between.
            Let me be the odd man out. Hello, I don't dislike Preston Garvey nor do I like him. To me he's an okay character, nothing special but not an awful character that has nothing interesting going on at all.
            I would be completely fine if he took a backseat instead of handing control over to me in title only. From that point it would be better if you could at least get information from him and not orders.
            I'm very mid on Preston. He's alright. Not amazing, not terrible. He's just...there.
    What about Curie!
I remember being 15 and staying up 3 days to play Fallout 4 at my uncles because I didn't have an Xbox one and I knew my mom would never be able to afford one so i thought this was my only time to play it. That was the longest I had ever stayed up, but loving both fallout 3 and Vegas and then hearing all my friends talk about 4 at school I couldn't stop myself from playing and soaking in every bit. I was sucked in with the graphics, building, and locations and on top of this he had a 4k flat screen and that blew my fucking mind because at home we still had big back TV's. It was an exciting little moment I'll never forget. 
But my uncle has a big heart, so when Christmas came around the following year he got me an Xbox one with........Fallout 4 (and witcher 3). To say I was excited would be an understatement, I was over the moon. So do I think its the best rpg? no, the best Bethesda game? also no, I'd say I cherish the memories more than the game all these years later and honestly that might be what matters more than if the game is good.


More memories. My friends and I went to different targets to get the jones nuka cola around release. A friend and I took a display from Target as mementos, we all speculated and watched  the trailers at lunch and in class. When I did get an Xbox I didn't have wifi and I wanted to download the dlc, so I had to run an extension cord from my bed room to outside next to my neighbors house with the TV on a lawn chair and the xbox on the grass. My friend was able to hack and get his wifi password for me😬. Too many good memories.
In short: an amazing game; the one I've put most hours into across all platforms and genres.

It has it's flaws, like any game has, sure. The main story isn't the best, and some quests are repetitive, but that's what life in an abysmal hellhole the post-apocalypse is. Would be nice with more variety in weapons, like 1 and 2 has, but I guess the weapon modification does that for you. ...and let's not forget the bugs, either. What more of a pleasant way to have an hour of your survival playthrough wiped by a crash-to-desktop or a random car, just sitting there?

The good sides of the game just overwhelms all of that, though. The only game I've played for more than 1000 hours in, and I still find new stuff in it. The world is huge, and possibilities are endless; I'm sure the lot of us have seen the ricochet only playthrough on reddit these past couple weeks? How about the pure naked playthrough, where someone completed the game butt-naked without ever picking up anything (except quest-essential things), or wearing any armor (again, except quest-essential power armor to survive the trip to Virgil). Hell, I haven't done the simple things like an only melee -playthrough yet!

The gunplay is what I always wished 3 and New Vegas would have. Smooth and responsive. Traveling the world is also very smooth and well-made, except for the occasional car that kills you the moment you grace them with your shins.

And the mechanics for modifying your gear? Awesome as hell. Build, find or buy the weapon you need it to be.

And let's not forget the modding community. Anything you'd imagine, there's a mod for it. Make it dark and horror? Done. Change it to modern weaponry? Done. Make all female models be half-naked? You pervert... Done.

All in all, an amazing game, and I love it.
What is there to say? It's the best Fallout in my opinion. It has the best animations, they are smooth specially compared to F3 and Fnv. The annoying gun repair mechanic is not present so that's a big plus. And even the lack of skills compared to F3 and Fnv, the perk advancement is better 
HOWEVER storywise it's probably the worst out of all man. The most important thing for you must be rescuing Shawn but what happens is that this main quest always remains on the bottom of the screen. There is no other way. Otherwise you would miss what Fallout 4 is about. In general you can complete it first but later when you get cooler and better weapons you would be sorry that you couldn't have used them earlier. That's what I think on the matter.
Also I think the game is not balanced. I mean it's not hard to die but some enemies are easy to kill. That's the problem. It's not balanced. Most are easy to kill while other can take like 300 bullets. Just doesn't make sence
Great gunplay, feel, world, smooth to play and a lot of fun.

Let down by bad writing and dialogue.

Still I've put more hours into FO4 than any other Fallout.

But as I've played more RPGs I find the dialogue and writing really isn't up to the rest of it.
Not the most thrilling narrative, but I love the game all the same. Great gameplay, one of the best Fallout DLC with Far Harbah. Loved the power armor revamp.
Heavily flawed in areas but good to great game overall.
Best gameplay of the series, weakest story and weakest free will of the series

Overall a great game
The change in how dialogue worked from previous games was an enormous let down imo. The game went from having choice and creativity in options that were largely influenced by SPECIAL and perks instead turned into 
A. Yes
B. Sarcastic yes 
C. No
D. I’ll come back later

That, to me, immediately turned the game from a deep ocean of possibility into a kiddie pool with a shimmering turd in it. 

The gun play was worlds better than previous games tho, so at least there was some good involved.
It will never beat New Vegas for me, but i really don’t criticize it the way some do. I always have had a blast with it, despite it not feeling as much like an RPG as 1,2,3 and NV. 

I think for me its the combo of settlement building, weapon crafting, legendary drops and the fact power armour feels like a different gameplay style then it just being a source of more durable armour. I could probably name more but i digress. Legendary drops alone have always given it solid replay value for me hoping I might finally come across an instigating gauss rifle lol.

I feel like there are many valid criticisms of fo4, many that i agree with but i don’t know, i always manage to have a good time with it. Also love the Nuka World and Far Harbour DLC.
Well it's easily one of the best games I've ever played.
I like it better than NV. There, I said it.
Gotta be the best fallout to me so far.
Best Fallout game ever, Ive played through it for hundreds of hours and I never get bored. I love it so much.
It's ok, I guess. The forced protagonist-story and lack of RPG elements in a RPG game series is a extreme set of negatives.
Me personally I don’t like it
Good, not a great main quest line and the railroad should never have been a main faction though.
Gets to much shit. It’s a fun game. My current character is level 130.
Fallout 4 is my favorite. I love being able to build a settlement home, going around collecting all the junk and carrying it back to Sanctuary. It gives me freedom to do what I want to do and that’s what I appreciate about it.
Actually love it. The gunplay, the settlement building, the feeling of it all. I have something like 1300 hours on it which is about 1000 more than any other Fallout game for me.
thanks to mods best fallout ever

In terms of story - after New Vegas, on the same level as 3.
1000/10 would recommend people to actually play it, take your time too, I feel like people unfairly judge games without exploring absolutely everything the game has to offer. With the amount of mod packs and mods in general you can play literally any game within the fallout universe. It’s absolutely perfect. 

[to add onto people unfairly judging games I’ve seen reviews where people have 0.2 hours or a few minutes in the game, that’s not really enough time to form a proper opinion. I’ve seen lots of reviews where the person has thousands of hours and give it a bad review. Now those reviews I would take with a grain of salt especially if I view their account and see that they’ve played it recently with at least 10+ hours recently but there are some that give proper feedback and say it’s not really for them but sunk in the hours to come up with a proper explanation as to why they don’t recommend it. It’s like judging a person before you even get to know them, instead of hearing what people say about someone/something see for yourself and find the truth. I was like this with fallout 76 I used to shit on it until I actually played it and here I am with 1000+ hours on the game.] 


TL;DR give things a proper try, like at least 4 hours before you judge a game for what it is. Explore every single aspect of the game.
I fucken love fallout 4
It takes the stuff I liked about FO3 (environmental storytelling, Serious Story in a Silly World, ect.) the stuff I liked about FO:NV (improved companion system, weapon modification, ect.) and gave me a big ol' playground to wander.  I like it.
This is the best game i have ever played 💚❤️
Great combat, great exploration, not-so great storytelling.
I have over 1000 hours between Steam, Xbox and Playstation so I think I like it?
Favorite Fallout easy
My favorite of all the Fallouts.
    Why?
        The gameplay, the modernity compared to the other games,   the amount of content/stuff to find, personalization of weapons/armor/settlements, the DLC. The main story certainly has some holes, but overall... I've got over 4000 hours played.
    Same
The worst in the franchise but not horrible
    Its still a game that does a thing
        Make the apocalypse too cherry and marvel movie like 😂
            Factual
Enjoyed it. Played multiple times and I STILL haven't played Nuka-World dlc.
    From personal experience, the *idea* of nukaworld is super cool. However actually *playing* nukaworld, more specifically clearing out each branch of the park is something I loathe doing. 

Somehow I keep doing it every time I replay the game even though I know I don’t enjoy and that never changes.
    Any reason why?
        Not really. Usually by the time I get around to doing it I've burned myself out on the game.
    Lmao that's the only thing that redeeming about this games, actually a really good dlc
Valentine is my friend in real life
    Cait the bestest girl.  That brutal trauma of survival and "I have no one but myself in this world"...
    Wdym
It was my first Fallout unless you count the 30 minutes of NV I played shortly after Skyrim came out, to which I didn't enjoy back then because the gameplay felt too dated. I have a lot of fun memories with Fallout 4, especially since I was also watching Teamfourstar play it as I was playing it myself.

&#x200B;

Quality wise, I do think New Vegas is better than it in a lot of things, however once you play the 3D games each for other 500 hours, the things New Vegas does suddenly matters so much less, whereas the things 4 exceeds in like gameplay and mods become much more important, so 4 to me is the most replayable and my favorite of the 3D games. Also I actually like the settlement building, I rarely feel motivated to do it much since I'm a serial restarter and also it feels pointless after a point since I can't really show anyone I know, but I still love the concept and idea.

&#x200B;

Edit: Forgot to mention, but yeah I also love Far Harbor, it's my favorite DLC. Old World Blues honestly would be my favorite DLC in all of the games had the gameplay part not been such a slog, Far Harbor on the other hand has both gameplay and fun characters and quests.
Put too much emphasis on the settlement system.  Of which was incredibly underdeveloped.
It felt less apocalyptic and so cartoonish
i still can't get into it. i get so bored. I really like New Vegas and Skyrim and played both for over 1000 hours. I don't understand why.
I feel like if you got into the settlement building, like me, it's probably the best one. Some people don't like that aspect and I get why it's less for them.
When I do a playthrough I don't care about the story. I want my settlements to be full, prosperous and safe. They will be armed to the teeth, protected and helping each other. Some will be food and water producers (spectacle island and Abernathy farm) while others provide scrap and vendors. I will be my own power in the Commonwealth
Survival mode in vr is great 👍
I liked it a lot. Definitely a step back in someways but a step forward in others
I enjoyed it 🙂 The map felt less "same-y" than Fallout 3.  I didn't enjoy the story as much as 3, however there was still a charm to the game.  The factions were pretty interesting, and the idea of outposts was neat even if it wasn't implemented perfectly.
It's the game that brought me to the franchise. I had tried FO3 before, but I found it boring. After beating FO4 a couple times, I went back to 3 and NV.

Honestly, I've been procrastinating actually beating NV for years (I just roamed around for a few hours a couple times doing random quests and stuff); and tried playing the classics several times, but turn based combat is too slow for me -- specially with the frequent "miss" thing.

But Fallout 4 is on my top 5 most played games in my whole life.
It was my first fallout, so I'm definitely a little biased, but honestly I love it. I'm actually doing another playthrough now.
Enjoyable but I could see how much Bethesda was really starting to dumb things down. I personally would have liked Fallout 4 more if Bethesda kept the Skills and not be so reliant on Radiant quests
I hate it less everytime i play it but its been almost 300 years in game and the worlds still shit. Its been too long. The world should be recivilized the trees should have returned. Nothing from prewar should be left. It irks me. Funnily enough it should look like fallout 76 despite 76 being a shocking 25 years after the bomb. Radstorms and general atomic death should be going wild 25 years after
I love the game. There are bugs sure, but that's why we community and modders to fix it.
More a starfield opinion but remember how everyone hated on fallout 4 after release? Like honestly I feel like all Bethesda games have a bad release. That’s the way I’m looking at starfeild now, it’s not bad enough to be a bad game.
While Fallout 1 and 2 are definitely my favorites of the series, the ones after the Bethesda acquisition are kind of murky. Fallout 3 does not run well and has a less than stellar story, but it has my favorite world. New Vegas runs even worse than Fallout 3 for me but I like the story and world, and the role playing is the best in the games since the acquisition. Fallout 4 has a decent world, a meh story, but it is just so fun to play. Plus Fallout 4 has easily my favorite additional mode with the survival mode. 76 exists but is certainly not my favorite cup of tea. 

To me Fallout 4 is the most fun I have in a Fallout game but after I am done playing it not much sticks with me. I have the most time in Fallout 4, but I remember less about it than New Vegas, 3, 1, or 2.
It's a fantastic game. Just feels like it's missing some core elements of the Fallout gaming language, but as a standalone game, without the expectations of Fallout I think it's pretty awesome
Played that game solely to build settlements, loved it for that reason alone. Love the DLCs especially Nuka World and Red Eyes Raider Radio
Meh story, the weapons look kinda shit but you can mod them, I like ballistic wave and that you can but pieces or armor on your vault suit and some clothes. The companions are nothing to write home about (exept my boy Nick) but they're better than in Fallout 3.

The settlement building is fun as shit tho, didn't expect to have so much fun building shitty houses and farms half my playtime. 

A good and fun game, not my favorite but it's nice, and some people even liked the story, so there's something for everybody I guess.
Yeah, it's pretty decent.
I’ve played the beginnings of both fallout 3 and 4 and I’d say fallout 4 has better world immersion for me. Although the intro scene in fallout 3 was better where you were born into the vault. I have not finished fallout 3 but fallout 4 the general gameplay feels so much smoother, but I still think 3 is a pretty good game. The story of 3 seems better but the story of 4 was pretty ok.
I need to either upgrade my console or get it on a nice PC setup. I wanna be able to build more shit but I'm tired of my system crashing so much.
It was honestly the first fallout game I started playing so I have good memories of it.
I don't think it's bad but I think it's pretty decent yeah, I recently even started replaying it because why not.
It’s fun if you like it
I bloody love it. I love all the fallout games but I have soft spot for this one. I don’t think the story is particularly great but the gameplay, characters, the side quests, the DLC….all amazing. I replay it quite often and I love nothing more than turning the game on and being greeted by my fallout husbands Danse and MacCready.
Fallout 4 was my introduction to the game series. I was much younger, I bought the game at a GameStop in either 2016 or 2017, I was either 11 or 12 years old. I bought it blindly. It just seemed interesting. I didn’t know about Fallout 3 or New Vegas or any of the other games in the series. I instantly fell in love with the game. At this point I have almost 900 hours on the game. This game was literally my gateway drug into the fallout series. I would then go on to buy new Vegas and Fallout 3 later and a few weeks ago I bought Fallout 1, 2, and tactics.
I love fallout, its a decent game despite its flaws. I do wish that they had taken advantage of us being pre-war a bit more. 

Maybe have us start in Concord with shaun in our arms (that way we connect a bit more instead of him being out of sight), then end with us returning home, bomb drop, freezer, game begins. That way we get to see Concord at its best, the people, the buildings, the propaganda. Then when we return it hits you how different everything is. 

Have a cutscene play when we first enter Diamond City, where the player is stood at the steps pre-war and we start to see the field. But when we finally get into the area its a mess of shacks and misery. 

Make use of the voiced character and have them comment on certain areas: the hospital where shaun was born, the airport where Nate returned from fighting. 

That said, the game as is does allow for freedom to role play as long as you can ignore certain things.
I think the ending was disappointing and felt the same no matter what you do. But the moment to moment felt satisfying. Also being from Boston its nice to see my home in a game and landmarks and places i have been. Heck i work at MIT.
It's pretty fun and incredible start for those interested in Fallout

I, personally, very much enjoyed it
It has some flaws but ultimately it's a pretty solid entry into the series.
It's a addicting loop. One of the best descriptions I've heard made about it is it's a fine game. But the constant crashing really brings down the experience.
I liked it, and I will play it again when (if) Bethesda finally releases their next gen console patch
Don't know if this is true, but I heard there is going to be a ps5 upgrade. I can't wait to get lost in that world again. Fallout4 is a good game in its own right. Plus, it has all the mod game modes from different moders around the world that you can get into. Fallout4 is game that just throws you into this wasteland, and you have to figure your way - whichever way, whatever, but once you get into, it's addictive as hell like making sure you keep the anti rads, ammo and other resources in check etc - it's definitely done right, I like it.
Was the first and only midnight release I went to. I've easily clocked in over a thousand hours and still play it every now and then. I absolutely love Fallout 4. That being said, it's still not my favorite, but it does have my favorite memories.
It’s good!
One of the best games across the PS3/4
I started my 2nd playthrough in 2 week this time as a minuteman, I really enjoy fallout 4 there’s just so much to do
Absolute w game IDC what anyone says, the animation is good, graphics are good, and the community mods are absolutely legendary. If you hate this game, you're probably depressed.
I thought the gunplay was a massive improvement, the animations made the guns feel heavy and they sounded great.
I really enjoyed it and found it very addictive. My only problem with it is the lack of depth with role playing compared to previous entries.
Personally, It’s the Greatest video game of all time (excluding Multiplayer titles)
I miss that shit, i hate the established experience pc but the whole game itself, i miss every second of it, i haven't played since 2022 😭
With mods fallout4 is what ever game you want to play. The story is ok. Gun are ok too. But the settlement is what I like the most. You can build anything on the settlement. I have been building strip clubs and fighting arenas. I have also been enslaving the raiders and slave auction houses. But most of all, I have been making the settlements to be defendable with the raid your own settlement. There is a lot of things you can do in the game.
Love it. Not my favourite of the series, but its still fun as hell. Shoothing people in this game feels delicious.
Rip RPG.  Now Looter shooter
Great game with cool combat and rewarding exploration, with a cool settlement gimmick. It's barely an rpg and a terrible 'Fallout' game though. NV did story, quests and RPG elements much better imo.
After 1500+ hours, I don't have an opinion.
My favourite in series. I like that it’s more colourful, but with a lot of sadness for what was lost (spouse, child,… world)
I really like it. I think it is my favorite.
Actually working through 4 again after just doing new Vegas and 3 back to back. As a fairly new parent the scene in the picture set my blood boiling. I don't think 4 is a bad game but I'm not a massive fan of all the factions being meh at best.
Great game, I'm saying this like I've played it, but surprisingly, all of my knowledge of the game is from random youtube challenges. I especially like the mods for fo4.
I love it!
I just started a new playthrough with about 30 mods also playing as the mother this time instead of the father, all the different npc reactions are pretty funny “come out toots” “don’t worry honey I won’t hurt you much” LOL

Any suggestions for mods?
Overall i thought it was fun and enjoyed it. Gameplay was pretty smooth as far as Bethesda games goes and really liked the weapon customization. My only real gripes with the game are the outlandish weapons like the assault rifle and the pipe guns being able to shoot .50 cal, and the fact that there wasn’t really an “evil” route to go in the story. The worst it got was morally ambiguous with the synths and what not. I guess you could be kind of evil with the Nuka world dlc but I don’t really count that because it wasn’t base game and it’s nothing compared to fallout 3 and new Vegas “evil” options.
It’s pretty great I would say but it’s not even close to being my favorite Fallout. I don’t like the crit system, the guns kinda suck (even though the gun-play kicked ass), and most of the factions are lame. But other than that it’s great
Fallout 4? That's where my wife lives!
As far as the potential for Fallout goes, I think it fell slightly short.

As far as the bar for video games in general goes, it is an entertaining game that I enjoy and recommend
Great game fun to run around in with different builds. Bit of a sucky story in my opinion but all round I'd say it's an 8/10
Explosions. Seriously, the sound of an object echoing its explosion in the distance as a glaring light intensifies and dims out back in to silence. It’s such a great feeling of immersion that I never get tired of.
A great thata fun no where near challenging as the other games but fun l.

Also I love making automatrons from the dlc if fallout 5 ever happens. BRING BACK MAKING ROBOTS.
Personally, I’m playing fallout 76 again. But I really wish in fallout 4 the fleshed out the storyline for the Minutemen. Like even the raider, DLC’s from NukaCola world have more storyline than the Minutemen. Which honestly is like an extremely short quest in my opinion.
Any game where "pants exploded" exists as a core game play statistic is A okay by me 👍

Also mods made any Bethesda game infinitely replayable
I'm at 997 hours between Xbox and PC. during my paternity leave in 2023, a lot if time was spent playing FO4. I have a problem of getting distracted in FO games and never actually finishing the storylines, but I finally did in FO4. I still play every so often to work on achievements and explore areas I haven't fully discovered. 


I am ready for a new FO world though.
My personal favorite. The one I started with when I was ten and have put so many hours into it.
Shit story. Good gunplay. Good settlement system. I like the scaving gameplay loop. 
Basically building blocks for a really good post apocalypse game, add survival mechanics (optional), and a good story that actually fits the theme of "war never changes" and I'd play it more. Oh and the environmental story telling skeletons are funny.
My only problem is the hook. Searching for your kidnapped child. If you play rpg's with any sort of role play in mind it is hard to justify a father taking long breaks in his search to help the Minutemen, build settlements, explore, etc. I recognize this is not a problem everyone will have, but it took a toll on my immersion. Still a great game overall.
Badly written but god I love the power armor
I enjoy the settlement system
i loved it. looking forward to the next gen update
Story was “meh”, but there’s enough detailed side content and immersive gameplay that it keeps you busy role playing your character rather than focusing on the plot. Spent hundreds of hours in this game on the vanilla settlement building alone lol
It's the worst game I've ever put thousands of hours into playing. If it had a better story, or if the Minutemen radiant quests were better, it would be the GOAT.
Better then people say, worse then new vegas but still not bad, not fully reached potential but not wasted
Loved it!
it's good. there's a lot of things i think they went in the wrong direction on from previous games, and i'm saying that as someone who played fo4 first and fnv only recently. i still think it's a really fun game. it still has all the funny creatures and characters, clever satire, and whacky sidequests. that's good enough for me.
The game is trash. It's my favorite game and I have 1300 hrs on Steam
gud gaem
I really like it as it was my introduction to the franchise and is way to addicting... and I like building settlements using mods
My favorite Fallout. It has everyhing. Love it
Basically the best game I've ever played
Loving it so far, replaying again since *I* only played once when it came out. Wanted to try the DLC and got the game on sale for $10 complete edition. So fun, probably going to start another playthrough after this focused on melee minuteman, and then after that try my hand at survival mode with some mods to enhance.
My favorite Fallout!  The story and choices aren't as insane as New Vegas, sure, but the flipside is **muuch** better gameplay, better scenery to explore, and a Settlement system with a lot of room for creativity.
It's fun
Steam says I’ve played Fallout 4 for 2,907.8 hours.  I guess I like the game.
Playing Fo4 after years of not touching it, on Survival. Right after finishing Starfield. 

This is a great game
My fav so far.

Been very late to Fallout games. First played NV, was okay but outdated. Then F4 came out and me, who doesn't really care about RPG elements (or at least the depth of it), was pretty satisfied.

My only issue with the game is not having enough modern guns, which is an alternate-timeline-lore problem and actually neutralizes itself with cool radio tracks. So I don't hate. (I don't like using mods)
FO4 is the best fallout. 

* The special system is incredibly well balanced and creates a lot of different builds and playstyles.
* The world detail is incredible.
* Weapon modding and power armour is a huge improvement over previous titles.
* Settlements are a nice optional part of the gameplay loop. 
* Challenge runs with survival, mods, hardcore are a lot of fun.
Where'd you get that concept art? Can't find it.
Literally the second gave I’ve ever 100%ed. And it took me eight years where as Subnautica took eight hours.
it was an awesome game and i love it, settlement building is so much fun but they definitely dropped the ball when it came to the story plus i don’t like how settlements were expected to fill in the gaps for actual ingame towns. 

like i fucking LOOOOOOVE settlement building but damn we have like what, 4 already established towns and that’s it?
Peak fallout. Base building is badass, story is good IMO (I've played through BoS, MM, and Institute endings and they're all pretty good), new power armor system is a thing of beauty, the world is excellent and packed, and it has some solid (albeit some not-so-solid) DLC as well.
Can't wait to type my opinion on the 100th "opinions on fallout 4?" Post. 

10/10
Its great but exploring the wastes doesn't feel as good as fo3
A brilliant game, with  a great environment. I love Boston as a setting.
I like it, actually playing again at the moment. After trying starfield I needed something that scratched the Bethesda itch. I always liked the settlement system and the handcrafted exploration combined with some random events. I agree it's a bad RPG cause you really can't do much wild stuff, but it's fun if you ignore that.
far harbor is the most goated fallout dlc imo
Super fun game to play, with excellent world design and art direction.  I like the settlement-building mechanics, the new factions added, and the DLC are very good overall.  Gunplay, power armor, companions, and crafting/customization systems are all hugely improved over previous Fallouts, as are models, textures, animations, lighting, weather, etc.  

My only major gripes:

1.  The main story was ridden with plot holes and the dialogue was sometimes frustratingly bad.  There is absolutely no fucking way Nate/Nora would believe Shaun was still alive, let alone still an infant, after seeing what they see in the vault.  All of the evidence strongly suggests that 6 months after the bombs fell, or in roughly April of 2078, there was a mutiny in Vault 111 due to a shortage of food rations and the overseer refusing to open the vault door to let the staff out to forage for food.  The overseer disabled the main door to the vault entrance, and posted science team personnel to guard the overseer’s emergency tunnel to the exit.  The mutineers killed the science team and the overseer and appear to have severed the arm of a science team member to obtain his Pip-boy and open the vault door.  

Since there’s absolutely no evidence of anyone else having been in the vault in the 210 years since the mutiny, Nate/Nora would therefore conclude that Shaun was taken by the mutineers, and would have died of old age over a century ago, as would have his kidnappers.  And yet in spite of this, the dialogue options don’t match this at all, not one bit.  The only dialogue options we get in regards to Shaun are that he’s an infant and we’re desperate to find him - this is fucking NONSENSE based on all of what is presented in the vault.

2.  IF we are to believe that Nate/Nora thinks their son is alive and in the hands of a murderer and kidnapper, then it puts a tremendous urgency on beelining the main quest, considering that any decent parent would be desperate to rescue their child.  Which means the player has to either ignore all of the side quests, faction quests, exploration, settlement building, and emergent gameplay aspects of the game, or somehow justify to themselves why they’d be raiding Corvega to help some farmers or building homes for strangers or doing any of the billion other things that the game offers instead of spending every waking hour searching for their baby boy.
Once I made peace with it feeling less like the preceding Fallout game and more a Fallout sandbox, I was happier. Mods make it better, and Far Harbor is stellar all on it's own.
I play through once a year. 

I love it. It's a tighter and more focused game than 3 and NV. The world is wonderful. I like the nutty story as it fits very well with the silly ambience. 

Is it as deep an RPG as NV? Not in the sense of complexity. I don't need to have the fear of locking myself out of huge swaths of writing because I made a bad decision. I don't need to have to worry about 60 different types of ammo. Those aren't requirements of a RPG to me, but instead negatives. This is a game. A toy. I want to relax with just the right amount of excitement and engagement, and this is exactly right for me. 

I fell in love with the Fallout world when 1 came out. Yes, Bethesda Fallout is a slightly different Fallout, but it is still great. 

I play on Xbox Series X now and mod it just to clean it up and add a few locations and weapons and make the settlement building less awkward. Boston still crashes and slows down. It crashes more frequently than any other Bethesda game I've played. But I've been avidly playing games since Pong and have had much much much MUCH worse technical experiences that were a lot less fun and less well presented.
Great gameplay, great map, great tone, great companion gameplay and interactions. Bad story, mostly just a rehash of Fallout 3 but worse. It’s actually a much better game if you start off just playing side quests.

I really hope the next game is darker, which helps contrast the humour. Would love a Bethesda Fallout with the vibe of Fallout 2.
My introduction to the series, have now played nv & 3 aswell  IMO 4 took all the useless junk from previous series & made it useful & brilliant in game mechanic. Everyone hype's up previous games but Imagine them with settlement building I agree the conversation wheel downgraded but sometimes simplifying things makes the game playable for alot of people who'd find these thing overcomplicated, my favourite out of all the fallouts
Fallout 2 is my favorite game.

4 is my favorite modern Fallout though. 3 is.. okay, New Vegas is good, but 4 is the modern one I most enjoy just like popping an edible and getting lost in the world with. Its less RPG but with how these games play, I prefer that because the shooting feels better. It's got plenty of problems, though. Weak narrative, repetitive quests.
This game with a mod list is up there with fnv and fo3. 

They had all the tools to make it the best fallout game made. But sadly wanted to dull it down for a bigger Audience for lack of a better word “casuals” to the franchise and newer Audiences influenced by FPS gamers

Edit: I write this while working from home playing a 9 day save and just started far harbor. Still a crazy good game with a list like magnum opus.
My favourite fallout. Maybe not the best story but I found the world really immersive. I’ve always played on Xbox and 3/NV both feel clunky these days and they don’t look the best, not bad just not great. I think if we got a remastered 3 & NV it would be a more difficult decision. 


Been waiting for the next gen update on fo4 to do a new survival play through.
I love fallout 4
One of my favorite games
Good game. I appreciate it let’s me be a cannibal. That’s pretty cool
It's fun, haven't played it in a while though
Love fallout 4. I was playing fallout new vegas for the first time then I was going to go onto 4. But something happened to my game and it won't launch my saves anymore and it freezes on the loading screen. So i started 4 early. The small improvements, the settlement building, even just the ability to run. It's all so nice compared to the gameplay of new vegas. I love new vegas but it's hard to not love the modern enhancements of fallout 4.
Love it!
It’s the best one. Sure, fnv has a better story and weapons and quests and everything. But it doesn’t have me coming back like 4 does.
Fallout 4 was my favorite but I did love all the Fallout games I played.
I like it. It has its flaws, and I would not say it’s my favorite, but I think a lot of the hate it gets is a little exaggerated. Gunplay is really fun, power armor *feels* powerful, exploration is kind of hit and miss, but for the most part hits. 

My biggest gripes are with things like modding weapons/armor, character progression, and, of course, the story/RP aspects, and those gripes are actually pretty small to me. Once you get going long enough they really aren’t much of an issue. The biggest hurdle is just getting to that late game status where you don’t feel like you’re wasting a perk point on something that doesn’t really fit your character.
Most hours in any Fallout game I have. Around 2,800 across PS4 and PC. It was my first entry into the series, I started extremely late in 2016. It's what got me into the series, it's what got me to fall in love with the series, and it's what got me to explore the other titles. Now I know more about the Fallout universe than any other game besides TES universe. It will always be in my top 3 games of all time.
Not the best story, but it has some really cool characters (Nick Valentine), and it made Power Armor look powerful. Gunplay is fun, too.
I love it. It was my first Fallout game, I like the story and the characters, including the DLCs. I like upgrading my weapons and power armors.
The best entry fallout game of the series, but the weakest RPG of the bunch. Still a great game on its own. Story sucks tho once it diverts into "pick a faction & do boring fetch quests until the final mission"
It is unironically my favorite fallout game. Builds perfects on 3, and has a much better environment than NV.
Bought recently on Steam to play it again, 120+ hours later and it's still great 👍🏻
I loved it
Spent hundreds of hours and still haven’t done everything. It’s my comfort game.
I really liked it. It might be the one I like to play the most, although for me 3 is arguably better. 4 just nails so much with the gameplay and exploration. It runs the best in the series in my experience, I never experienced many glitches. I really do like the voice work in the game, even if the choices aren’t always the best or aren’t always clear as they are presented. I think it gets way too much hate. I feel like it’s one of those first games that just got bashed upon release to be cool for YouTube views and social media clout.
If you go in expecting super role-playing depth you'll be disappointed. If you don't do that, you'll have an amazing time. The crafting, weapon mods, power armor, and settlements are so cool I don't know how I ever played without them. And it has the most interesting wasteland of the series by a country mile
It's my favorite Fallout game. I've played both 3 and New Vegas on release, both very good games but Fallout 4 is great. Excellent voice acting by he main protagonists and others, likeable characters like Nick Valentine and Preston imo. I never cared for building workshop stuff before Fallout 4, I was only interested in customizing a personal base but the settlement stuff is fun and easy to use. I love being able to actually rebuild the commonwealth and post apocalyptic America.
Never had a problem with it despite the naysayers.
Gameplay wise, it’s solid. The combat, the crafting and base building, everything is so smooth.

Story wise? Ehh. The factions could have used a little more depth. The characters could have used a little more complexity. And the final conflict feels rushed and contrived.

I still enjoy it, but I wish they have addressed their weak story writing before moving onto Starfield:P
Definitely my favorite Fallout game.
Love it!

The story could be better and more detail put into the factions but I really like it
Good gunplay, love building stuff. Strong and Curie are the best companions and that’s about it
Might get hate on this, but they missed a big opportunity in the settlement system to have you be able to save other vault members, using your attributes as how to confirm saving some, with leading a small group to sanctuary and what not with the tutorial being taken care of then (if not have Sturges do it like in the the game proper)
Of all Fallout, it's the best
I don't know i've only gotten past killing Kellog. (I have 365.8 hours played)
Don't love the story, love the settlement system (yeah boo me).

I like a game where you can explore, and where you can build something over time, Fallout 4 scratches both itches for me.

I just restarted New Vegas and the outdated feel does drag on it for me.
Release day was awesome i bought it with my xbox one and had a great time.
I thoroughly enjoyed it! Really glad to have been able to continue playing after endgame!
The game that got me into the series. I slacked very hard until 2015 lol. My only gripe is how much it crashes. Once you get the hang of quicksaving though it gets a lot less painful
My favorite game by far. I’m playing again now, something like my 15th or so play through. I’ll play and finish other games, then play fo4 again. Love it!!
Good 👍
 A good way go relax. A fun timewaster.
Favorite game of all time
Can’t spell it without F and U 


I really *really* wanted there to be an N, I even looked 😭
I'm a Minuteman at heart. I love helping and building up settlements. Have yet to complete the main quest cause I spend so much time just building. It's the settlements system that has FO4 as my favorite in the franchise (been playing since FO3, but I've also played 1, 2, and Tactics back in 2012.)
It's good.  Not my cup of tea though
Great game, terrible awful fallout game
Still maybe my favorite. There’s a lot to do, I loved the exploration and map, the gameplay loop is entertaining, really loved the settlement building,

When I first started the game I was worried the character had too much backstory to be able to make my own, but FO4 was the game a made the most distinctive characters in and got most attached to
Shit story shit game cool valantine
Fun game, terrible fallout game.

Gunplay and base building was fun, and it got creative but boy the story was total shit. On top of that opting for a voiced main character severely limited dialogue and having a character who was both pre-established and unable to really be anything but the hero.   Your decisions scarcely mattered and the narrative really didn't meet the tempo. I hated all the factions for their own reasons, and even hated how the Sole Survivor was forced to approach the story.

You're a parent who's child got kidnapped into a hellish nuclear wasteland.  Every second wasted is a moment that your child could be dead. All the nonsense in between would not be a greater priority than finding your missing child.

Far Harbor was an excellent remedy to the mediocre story as you could determine the fate of the island. I loved the music, atmosphere, and mood of the whole area. I really wish it was much longer.

Nuka-World was... okay. I scarcely can justify a second run through it. It was a step in the right direction to allow us to be an evil character, but it offered nothing to good characters.
The main story’s ass and the dialogue choices aren’t very interesting.

However, survival mode is so fucking fun that it bumps this game up to being my second favorite tbh.

The perk cards replacing skill points altogether kind of also made it feel more satisfying to level up tbh. I know it technically doesn’t really change much, but it just felt cooler.

No level cap also just made me feel with every level up that my character was becoming more and more of a god, and that always feels pretty great in any game.
Fun game with great gunplay and looks decent if not great, but with poor rpg elements compared to nv/3. 

Unpopular opinion but Far Harbor was just okay. I visit bar harbor / mnt desert island every few years and some very key places are missing that disappoint me. How is Cadillac mountain,  its tallest peak, just not there?
It's my fav fallout game so far... 400+ hours

Love the better gunplay, graphics, and world decoration. Side quests, DLC, and companions are phenomenal, but the story is lack luster.

Love the perks, weapon modding and settlements.

I wish there were more dialogue and story options that are shoot this or that, but fun game play loop, and I personally like the perks in the game more than in the older games.
Warning: I'm being a bit Negative.

Game has kept me busy for over 500 hours. The basic gameplay loop can be broken to 3 actions: Loot - Store Items - Build settlements. The More you Play the game the more you realize how empty it is. The Radiant quest system took a load off Bethesda but in turn it makes questing feel pointless. They drastically scaled back the quantity of hand crafted tasks and objectives that you'd find in previous titles. The Main story quests (factions included) are the meat and potatoes of this game.

The game lacks a foundation for exploration as the map feels expansive in the beginning, but sort of shrinks as you walk around. Then you have to cut out a 1/3rd of the map due to water which contains nothing of interest. The in-between of the map markers has literally nothing. This is exemplified when looking at the Nuka world map. Take a leisurely stroll from one attraction to another and all you'll find is nothing but scientologists. 

The unique weapon system made all loot fundamentally arbitrary as nothing was truly unique aside from a handful of loot (like the Broadsider). The Handful in question was gimmicky and useless (like the Broadsider). Fallout 3 had weapons that were truly unique with increased stats as well as primo effects. Fallout 4 took a base weapon and gave it a legendary effect that could be farmed from enemy drops. The weapons are identical in form and function to their non-legendary counterparts. 

The DLC was very disappointing. People defend it by saying: "Oh yeah, but Far Harbor". That was one good DLC when we should have received 4 DLC (minimum) of the exact same magnitude. Bethesda is just Lazy. Obsidian Studios gave us 4 DLC of Substance with a dwarfed budget and not nearly enough dev time. I think we can all see that Bethesda just wanted our money in this regard.

I still give the game an 8/10. I'll slap another 150 hours on that SOB.
Could have been great but they botched it in so many ways it isn't even funny. The main character having a backstory was a mistake, which makes the whole plot of the game problematic and only minimally compelling. Lots and lots of people claim to never have beaten the story despite hundreds of hours in game.


My biggest criticism of 4 is that the gameplay loop is supported entirely by the tent pole of it's gunplay, which isn't exceptional compared to similar games. The quests might be thought of as part of the gameplay loop, by someone who wants to be overly charitable and I'd even say naive, but I think it's clear that they simply exist as a means to the end of what fallout 4 is really about: picking up loot and bringing it back to the workshop. Outliers such as certain quests which are made compelling by their action and setpiece components aside, most quests in 4 are either completely pointless or just not interesting enough to motivate a replay of the game by virtue of the quests and story. The game suffers massively after the first playthrough in a way the previous entries in the series don't. 

Fallout 4 is ultimately the sum of it's gunplay, the very best quests in the game, and the last component (which I think is the most egregious sin of laziness the game commits): the game fallout shelter, which makes its appearance as both the settlement building system and the loot system. Sim settlements is likely so popular because no one wants to spend half their time playing fallout 4 actually just playing a shit ass mobile game but in 3d and with a bash key


Ultimately I actually really enjoyed myself with the game, but now that I've seen all I need from it and I've explored the world over multiple years worth of playthroughs, the thought of picking it up again makes me feel like I'm already dead

If you liked fallout 4 and enjoyed the settlement building and world exploration then you might like the game kenshi, which for me scratches a similar itch but in a much more rewarding and in my opinion valuable way. Despite having much less of a story than fallout 4, kenshi actually ends up having much more of a story and an exponentially more interesting and cohesive world with a similar sense of black comedy
Great shooter, not an great fallout. I still come back to play it though.
I love FO4, it’s a great looter/shooter but a mediocre RPG.  As long as you look at it that way, it’s a great game 👍
A good game. Not as good as FO3 or NV but still holds a place in my heart. Plus modding makes it 100 times better, it was the first fallout I ever played.
It's a great entry into fallout. As a fan of the series since 3/NV, I felt the player expectations were set too high. Sure the graphics looked stellar but, some at Bethesda thought it was best to voice the protagonist to fully embrace its new console platform. IMO, this took away from the very soul of the last 2 I mentioned. The lengendary weapons/armor felt more of a lottery system, than following folklore/clues to obtaining said loot! Check the tape, we're still discovering new elements of a game made over two decades ago that writers/devs put their own tailoring to the game. And that's what made the game special. 

TLDR: Mid.
    Took quite a bit of scrolling to find a gem like this.

Fo4 is so mid I never bought the dlc and will never play again after 1 ½ playthroughs. Gunplay itself is fun but even the ragdolls and kills are less enjoyable than 3 and NV.

All horror and gritty elements replaced with bright colors and somehow worse UI design for the pip boy and menus as well. Thats not even getting into any of the main gripes (story, factions, etc.)

The bar was not set too high imo. They just made a new bar and threw out the old (Gamebryo and all of its amazing assets)
        Have you tried playing FO4 with mods? It legitimately saves the game and turns it into one of the best entries in the series. Only a handful are hard required, like Alternate Start, Full Dialogue Interface, and Sim Settlements. The rest are more preference based, but they can literally change the game and turn it into a masterpiece.
            Knowing mods myself, I definitely get that can be the case. It really is more the principle as well as the fact that it would take an overhaul of changes for me to really feel like it's Fallout again. 

Fo3 and NV were a blast vanilla and with no DLC. The DLC only added upon that. The fact that Bethesda released such a subpar game and then turns around and sells me the things I was looking for that are in the base previous games in DLC packs just really, truly irks me and I dont feel like playing it ever again. 

I appreciate knowing that theres hope for future titles thanks to the modding community but thats so sad to say since Bethesda should, IDK, do their job and make an already great game and stop making their fans fix all their mistakes.
While it is my least favorite mainline Fallout game, even lower than 76 for me, I still enjoyed it quite a lot. With mods, it's a great game. I just think it had *so* much untapped potential and could have been so much more.
So much story potential only to be dragged down by poorly written factions, the idea is nice but I feel like we didn't have enough time to get really attached to Nora and Shaun, really good gameplay
My most played game of all time probably. It’s got it’s weaknesses compared to 3 and NV, but I love it.
Fallout 4 is great but I find it’s replayability quite low. Unlike Skyrim or BG3 for example.
Amazing game, but not a good Fallout
Having just bought the game, I am impressed
I love it.  The range of it.  So much to explore and little stories that are told just by the scenes you come across.  When I’m in a meditative mood I like to build in the settlements, and when I need to blow of steam I can always find a fight.  I’m 90something level.
It's definitely a lot better than people are willing to give it credit for. I think it really depends on what kind of mentality you have.
I don't even know how many times I've played through it, I love it. It's beautiful, it's fun, and I was super interested in the storyline the first couple playthroughs and the options with where to go. It's now my mission to romance each viable character lol. As for the bugs, I personally didn't experience too many, at least not enough to take away from the gaming aspect, I took them as comedic relief
In 2024 on Xbox series X the game does not work. NPCs won’t give quests
My fallout 4 don’t have received free update to ps5. Only shows ps4 edition.
    Same, but on xbox series X updated for me I heard there's issues I don't know
        Here its solved, its now on psn plus catalog
Why don't I find a HUGE graphics change ??

Doing something wrong... 
I have all the new quests..
But graphics.. 🤔
It was my first fallout game I've ever played, so it's my favorite
I’ve finally gotten around to playing it, and I actually forgot entirely about the main quest a few days ago and just started working on making the best Settlement I could. I’m having the time of my fucking life.
good game
Great. Its overhated.
Fallout 4 lands its place as my second favorite game. Sure it has its poor writing and glitches, but it gives us lovable characters. With the storyline we have, we cannot blame them. It is actually good.

I love how they connected the Institute to fallout 3
I like it
Absolutely love it. It's an amazing world to just exist and play in, the ultimate post-apocalyptic playground game especially with mods, even minimal modding. The writing is the weakest part of the game which is a shame, but there is a lot of good stuff in there that doesn't get talked about enough. It's my favorite to replay because of its gameplay and world

I love Fallout 4 and New Vegas equally for entirely different reasons
it's good
One of my favorite games of all time. Survival Mode being upgraded to what it is today was probably the best thing to happen to the game. It makes replaying so much more enjoyable.
hot take, its the best (fps) fallout. 

NV is great and all, but as far as game play goes its kinda lacking and boring. once you go FO4 it kinda sucks going back to NV gun play. 

 Graphically FO4 also takes it, it was made later so duh it looks better, but even comparing it to other games made around the same time, NV is butt ugly no matter how rose tinted your goggles are.  (See halo reach or RDR) . 

Power armor. 

And story wise you could make a good argument in NV's favor, but if you are playing a fallout game for its story you need to reevaluate your life. (Again see halo reach or RDR)

In almost all sections FO4 is a better game then NV. thus is the best fallout 

(FO3 aint even in the running)
1500+ I’d go with “ehh” 
I enjoy building characters and places, I enjoy mods and cold, mean worlds with a jolly varnish, but it is a hard story to get very invested in overall for me. It is what it is, and what it is is good enough for what i need.
In one word? Disappointing.

Pros: The gunplay was better. The weapon mod system was nice. The graphics were improved. It had some neat companions. Settlement building was fun for a bit. The armour system being closer to Morrowind was good. The map was nice and some of the environments were nice.

Cons: The legendary weapon looter-shooter system was stupid and immersion-breaking. The unique weapons didn't feel truly unique. The writing sucked. The plot was stupid. The factions were undercooked. The lore was inconsistent with previous titles, and even inconsistent within Fallout 4. Some factions were in the game but they shouldn't have been (or if they were, shouldn't have been major factions). The radiant quest system sucked (it always has and always will). Settlement building was a gimmick that wasn't well integrated into the core gameplay experience. There weren't enough settlements and quest hubs. The dialogue wheel sucked. The lack of skills sucked. The perk tree was a pathetic replacement. No skill checks in dialogue - terrible. Charisma checks were not done well. Voiced protagonist destroys ability to roleplay.
Terrible story, ok gunplay
Good game bad RPG
Very mixed feelings.

It can be a fun shooter, base builder, but it's a bad Fallout game. It's too dumbed down to be considered an actual RPG, and requires a lot of mods to be fun in the longer run (not even talking about must have mods, like full dialogue ones).

I would probably enjoy playing it once in a while, but not too keen on spending hours just to set up the mods.
Best fallout game there is
I think too many folks look back on Fallout 3 with rose-tinted glasses, and Fallout 4 was never going to be able to compete with that imagined version of Fallout 3. Another thing working against it was that it followed Obsidian's entry, which was never going to be a fair fight. I think if you look at Fallout 4 objectively, comparing it only against Fallout 3, and not an imagined, nostalgia-fueled memory of Fallout 3, and you leave New Vegas out of the equation entirely, you'll find that Fallout 4 was a damn good game, and an improvement in almost every way it could be.

TLDR: shit is good, bro
Good game bad fallout
This may be an unpopular opinion but I wish the brotherhood of steel wasn't in the game.
**No.**
Best fallout don’t @ me
Ruined a great run of games
Its okay. Not great not bad.
suffers from a garabge ass game engine and a team for late 40s stuck on 2007
Misunderstood masterpiece
An… alright shooter? An awful fallout game. It’s just not a good fallout game. It doesn’t have bay choice, it doesn’t have the same VATS, it has fucking clash of clans town building for some reason? It doesn’t even have the same leveling system! This game is not a fallout game! 
It has the brand on it but it literally has nothing in common with other fallout games except vault suits, vault tech and the mutants that are way to different from their real counterparts to even keep the same name. 
It is not a fallout game.
It is an okay shooter, but if there is no RPG elements than it simply isn’t a fallout game, it’s just not. They should’ve just made it a spin-off like that brotherhood of steel game. Because this just doesn’t fit into the mainline series. It’s to user friendly and streamlined with its shooting and leveling and shit. 
Like, if you have a fallout game with normal shooting then what’s the point of VATS? VATS let’s people who suck at shooters still play and enjoy the fallout games for their story, fallout 4 making it a competent shooter and making literally every singe mission just some call of duty mission ruined this! 
In conclusion. Fuck fallout 4 for stealing the title of fallout 4 from some actual good fallout game.
Best gameplay whise game in all of fallout:gunplay is 10x better then 3 and nv and reward good aiming,settlment building is a fun mechanic that i spend 400 hours on and is the main pull of game, love the new deathclaw model and its behaviour in a fight, power armour feels like an armour and the jetpack makes it a deal,enemy combat ai actualy need to spot you and hides in cover insted of belining for you,dlc are by far the best of the franchise( even  the vault dlc is great  if you like building),the map is well made and intresting,minuteman are a fun faction that isnt over serious and  rewards base building,bos is the best its been for now whit them being moraly grey insted of good like in 3 or nonerevelent in nv, institude as a concept is a fun faction that if  it got more polisht chould been great,the arival of pridven is a great cutsine and shoes the moralety of bos, random encounters are mostly fun or funny,gunners are a nice idea of a pmc operating in wastland.doe they chould expanded them further,mirelurk look amazing whit the rework and actualy look like crabs, overal if you dont care about a story and like game mechanic the fallout 4 is a 9/10
Didn't it win GOTY? That should say it all. Plus its been out for over a decade.
Best first person fallout. Excellent mod support. Best companions. Main quest is pretty good the first time. Building settlements is a great idea, but it was executed pretty poorly.

Synth question is overdone and not terribly controversial. Minutemen are boring and difficult to tolerate.
Its a great game does not even deserve all the hate it gets.
A great fallout game burdened by the corpse of a game that is not fallout. 

The core skeletal structure of the game is clearly what Bethesda has wanted to do for a long time (starfield) but the look and minute to minute feeling of playing the game are the best fallout has ever been.
Story was so mid.
The worst fallout I’ve played personally. Way too colourful, hate the voiced main character and hate the whole synth storyline being shoved down your throat constantly wherever you go. I had my fun with it but I don’t think it’s anywhere near as good as 3 or New Vegas
It has really good gameplay but has the worst story and quest ever in a fallout game. I have played and love Fallout 76 (and will defend that game until I die come at me) more than Fallout 4 because Fallout 4 is not that good
Couldn't stand it.  I must've given it half a dozen tries over the years and I could never play it for more than a couple hours each attempt before I gave up and stopped trying to force myself.  It runs like shit on my PC, unstable 30-45fps, fuck Preston and the militiamen I don't care, I don't want to play base building manager either, and the ripoff of the bioware dialogue wheel and the move to 3rd person pov for conversations was a massive step back from New Vegas dialogue and writing.
Best gunplay, worst Fallout game. Story and RPG elements that were what made 3 and NV the classics they are were almost entirely gutted. Having a voiced MC was a huge mistake. Will never play it again beyond my first playthrough. 
My least favourite entry. Writing, atmosphere and RPG elements are just weak.  
Only think I really enjoyed was music and Far Harbour DLC. It's just post-appo FPS with fucked up lore.
It’s good mechanically, graphically and modding capability  wise. But story, lore, and retcons is where it turned me away. Even the aesthetics don’t really scream post apocalypse like the games before it did. I feel like this is where the franchise began ta decay.
Not good at all. It wasn't really "fallout". No satire, no comedy, no dark humour. It was like the fallout series met a laundry detergent and a went a few rounds in the washing machine. Sterile. Boring. Lacking everything fallout.
Story is lacking in *all* spots, there are minimal amounts of consequences, doesn't feel like you affect the world. I *want* the "what you did here caused this" like how fallout used to be. Starting with a "good gun" instead of a pipe gun was a stupid choice, never even tried pipe weapons because of it. Getting a power armour so early was... Horrible... The building system is pure garbage but what I spent like 80% of my 444 hours of playtime on... 

Tldr, shit game and a disappointment. If it had been something not fałout it would have been impressive though.
Played it a lot but never completed the main quest. Eventually I get sick of walking around picking up 1000000 items of random trash.
Better after Starfield lol
I loved it when it came out. It was my first fallout game. Then I played new Vegas and loved that more. I came back to 4 and didn't love it nearly as much and now I think its kinda ass. Only fun thing is mods
Worst FO until FO76 came along
I didn't like the city area so I quit. I think I prefer the wasteland to urban areas in modern Fallout.
It was certainly the fallout game of its time
Good gameplay story so bad it actually make the game worse
None that are positive.
Having to set up the ini files to not have wonky mouse input on PC is very fucking annoying
Least favorite one.
i can’t complain much given the state of modern gaming but fallout new vegas and 3 were better for my taste. 4 just feels a bit dull and the atmosphere isn’t the same. i also hate the settlement building but i can’t really tell you why. it just doesn’t feel right.
shit shit shit shit shit, the writing is horrible. RPG + horrible writing never results in a good game. Too casual, too friendly. Classic FO games and NV were way more adult, despite the sillyness on a few jokey moments. Bethesda's formula just doesn't work for Fallout, it's like another game. They try to cling on stuff the classics had to bring a sense of similarity to older fans but in a desperate way, for example: Every Beth Fallout has to be about BoS (or BoS is a key part of the story), every Beth Fallout game starts in a vault, every Beth game has Dogmeat and so on.
Boring, I really tried to like it, played over 20 hours but I just wasn't having fun.
Meh story wise
It is an FPS with minecraft elements; hardly it is a fallout. It was simplified of RPG elements, trully a weird game. This is why I say that Fallout 5 will be a dating  game or a racing game. No longer a post apocaliptic RPG.
The worst fallout of the mainline games
Nothings tops fallout 1 & 2
Worst fallout I've ever played
Annoyingly linear. All the missions are the same, and I can't even actually build my character. It's just Nate with his dumbass baby and wife. And the decisions don't matter. Fo4 has better mechanics, but NV has way better story and writing.

And that's considering that fallout 4 was the game that got me into franchise. New vegas is way more enjoyable despite all the jank and bugs. Fo4 just falls short on story, game balance and writing.
its like fallout 76 but boring in almost every way.
Oh I dunno, has it been out long enough to gain decent opinions….
Compared to other bgs games : pretty low tier
Shit game. Bethesda have no idea what makes a good fallout game. Also… the story was so weak, literally fallout 3 but flipped. 
I was seriously such a fanboy, but when 4 came out I was so disappointed, it totally ruined my love for the franchise and gaming as a whole really.
I still play games but I don’t get hyped for releases since this let me down
Fun, but not NV.
This visual art is more interesting and creative than anything in Fallout 4.
Opinion, not sure if it's a hot take or not on reddit anymore. 

Hugely, massively disappointing. A big downgrade from New Vegas, or even FO3, in almost every aspect. The crafting and base-building systems were not good and just bogged the game down further while also making the itemization a lot less interesting. The story was okay, but felt rushed at every turn. Some companions were great, some were meh. The sidequests that did exist were pretty fun, but there were only like...four of them? The cut-content that was left in the game was also **hugely** disappointing. The robot race track could have been so much fun, but instead it's just...another boring shooting gallery. Also didn't care for the leveling system, it was a little too easy to be perfect at everything. 

Filling the map with "potential settlements" allowed Bethesda to put fewer actual interesting things in the game. 

To summarize, I was hyped through-the-roof about it, took a full week off work when it released, and have not been more disappointed by a game since Spore.
As others in this thread have already mentioned. Probably the worst story of the Fallout games so far, but still ok gameplay.

Absolute hate the speech system though and it worries me that will continue with next entries into the series.
It's hard when the desolate and brutal art-style of Fallout 3 is more appealing.

I do not enjoy wandering through a colorful Boston or similarly colorful pre-war ruins like laboratories military installations and bunkers.

The Retro Style does not reflect the state the country was in before the bombs dropped.


The main story isn't the best either but is okay.

And the Weapon Modification system is two-edged.
On the one hand it's good to improve weapons with mods but on the other hand it just feels too modular and only there for the chosen skill system which in itself does not have the appeal of Fallout 3/NV.

And the world itself and the actions therein don't feel like consequences are an actual thing aside from the inevitable hostility triggered by the mission to Mass Fusion.


But these things only apply to me and as a result Fallout 4 is nothing but a shallow base to build upon with community mods.
Could've been better
cool setting but that's about it for me. survival was most fun for me but all the redesigns, the horrible factions, terrible writing, terrible male player char VA, an even worse story than FO3. it's just so many compounding negatives and "why did you do this" that lead to me not liking it
Mid
Boring and the engine sucked
This is the game that broke my love of Fallout. I play for the worldbuilding and the hacks at Bethesda shit the bed. It's not the sidequests, it's the premise. 

An ununked Bston would be more than the east coast New Vegas. It would be the center of a new empire. Instead it's a fucking playgorund. It's inhabited by filthy hobos who are even m ore super than the supermutants who plague them. As Super mutants did more to decorate and clean their camps than the humans did. They open a store in a diner and don't clear our the fucking skeletons or board up the windows?!
The reason I'll never preorder another Bethesda game. Utterly disappointed me on launch. Never again, dude. Thanks to that mindset, I dodged starfield, and I'll dodge the trash fire that TESVI will, in all probability, end up being.
Shitty graphics
Bad fallout game that misses the entire spirit of the IP.  Fun-ish grindy shooter
Didn't like it.
You're seriously asking about opinions of an 8 years old game? Just search for reviews or older comments. It's not like it hasn't been talked about for awhile.
Opinions? Thoughts?
About my I'm about 14 and I played the Fallout Series on order minus the non 3d ones and 76 new vegas is my favorite but Fallout 4 doesn't really feel like a Fallout game to me im not sure how to explain it but it Bores me like I could probably play new vegas for a week straight and I have nut Fallout 4 I can only play for Maybe a day in a half
Good but easily the weakest single-player Fallout game.
It’s fine.
An okay game but a trash fallout title. Rp is dead, and the legendary weapons/armor is cringe. I liked how in the other fallouts you find a unique gun and there would be some environmental storytelling explaining the lore of the gear
Decent game, terrible Fallout game. No dialogue options, and settlements were awful
It’s watered down trash, the writing is cringe

The settlement building is cringe 

Emil needs to stop being the lead writer at Bethesda

It has good gameplay but terrible everything else
It’s a disgrace to the franchise
I don't like the colors, looks cartoonish. No real choices. Most weapons are "rusty pipes", and that is extremely nonsense in an FPS game. Because be honest, it's FPS. The side quests are on repeat. I wasn't a huge fan. I played through though. It's alright, but has a million issues.
I'm not good about it but I like that I can be a hero of the wastes in a poli lesbian relationship.
By far the worst single-player Fallout game in existance. It has by far the worst gameplay, the most poorly written story, The most awful characters, the horrible dlc, and by far, the most abysmal amount of bugs. You need mods to make Fallout 4 remotely playable in general, and the fact this is the case is mind boggling. Bethesda dropped the ball hard on this one.
I personally have super mixed feelings. I have more negatives than positives but I actually would say I have a overall positive relationship with the game. 

Positives: 

1. It is the most fun to play in terms of raw gameplay, at least imo. 

2. It has a lot of replayability and isn't as buggy as some of the earlier Bethesda fallouts 

3. Good companions(mostly)

4. Me like power armor change

Negatives:

1. It, like 3, spits in the face of fallouts world building and lore.

2. It has a lack of an interesting story. The concept is good, but in my eyes it's poorly executed. Killing Kellogg was the last time I felt enjoyment in the story in my first playthrough, and almost all of the factions are kind of lame in my eyes. Maybe I'm just spoiled considering my knowledge of the factions in 1 2 and NV. This is more of an opinion. Just realized this expounded on factions a bit so ig 3.

4. it makes some creatures, mainly death claws, feel weak ASF

5. I really hate the new way dialogue worked in this game. Voice acting WAS NOT worth it.
This is what Fallout 3 should have been. Bethesda's own take on the franchise with an original story and the emphasis on exploring multiple, nuanced factions.


But Fallout 3 recycled too much of a story from the first two games and had so many other problems.


Fallout 4 probably needs a little bit more fleshing out to its factions when it comes to writing but it's otherwise basically a perfect game if you ignore **ALL THE FUCKING LOAD SCREENS THAT TAKE FOREVER**


That said the way it handled power armor is just fucking genius. This is the way every game needs to handle power armor from now on. Even more traditional turn based top down RPGs. Encased did a similar thing and it was great. 


The building mechanics were also a lot of fun in terms of building your own settlements. The DLC It produced were all so far superior to any DLC from 3. The factory mechanics are great but sadly there's no real reason to employ them. 
So much lost potential. Even the map the further you go from vault 111 it gets more barren. Time constraints should be illegal.
I was obsessed with it! My virtual life!
7/10, Open World Post-apocalyptic genre game. Awful quest writing. Amazing written questline for Far Harbor. Gameplaywise is decent(:
It's güd
I like it. Unfortunately for me when I went back to new Vegas I started picking up scrap without realizing I don’t need it. Ended up encumbering myself because of force of habit from fallout 4
Great exploration,Power Armor mechanics, and the best gunplay of the series. But only half of the characters are memorable, dogcrap RPG mechanics and story. Even some of it is lore breaking like the T-60 which FO76 did fix. The settlement system is not what I ask for. It's easily the  weakest Fallout experience.
Good, bad, I don't care. Still a great game even without the DLCs
Only Fallout game I never finished because I just got bored
Good, i like it.

I'll also give it bonus points for enabling a system to allow mods on console, best choice.

Also, i like having a voiced protagonist, and i also like the cinematic camera, i get to see my character that way
Excellent game, and honestly kinda underrated.
In my opinion the best fall out game to help get into the series
Story Is lacking in choices you can make, but that's not a deal breaker to me 

The story is pretty railroaded, but I can name many d&d campaigns that ran the same way. You'll get to the ending that's determined, and it's a blast to go punch the bad guy and get stuff

Many games are very story driven where the story is planned out. It's a movie you can be a part of.

Yeah it sucks sometimes not being able to play as the obscure roleplaying ideas. But once you learn to get over that story hurdle. It's a fantastic game. The gun play is smooth and rewarding.

 Builds aren't as thought heavy. New Vegas and 3 you played the number games and planned out level ups and skill points.

In 4 its very quick and to the point. Woo here's a skill point go spend it on a perk. Now get back to it. 

It's user friendly, like going from morrowind to skyrim.
Yeah the die hards hate it cause their numbers game got dumbed down. 

But it's easier to go run around and not think about the numbers 

It's simplified, and I like it. 
If I want my numbers game back I'll go play morrowind, fallout 3, or new Vegas.
My favorite fallout mostly cause it was my first
Fun enough but I didn't feel like there was a whole lot of replay value, especially without mods.

I found NV more fun personally
Personally, I love it. It was my first fallout game so it holds a special place in my heart. While it may have its flaws, and as ive grown i now actually understand some of the themes and have a greater understanding and love for it, and the series as a whole.
Good casual game, terrible rpg
Brilliant game. My second favourite behind Fallout 3.
With my 250+ mods installed it’s finally pretty aight
Better than Skyrim and Starfield. I love Fallout 4
Did a lot of cool things (unique enemy behaviors, power armor), also did a lot of lame/terrible things (story, legendary effects, weapon/armor aesthetics).
I love Fallout 4. Really fun game. I especially love playing it with alternate start mods. Then I have an actual reason why I'm not hunting down Shaun night and day. It's a little awkward when you just ignore your son in favor of I don't know helping a guy by wearing a Comic Book character's costume and fighting crime.

No no, my son is really important to me. I just need to go and fight those robots so I can make the ultimate Warmachine real quick. After that I can make a thunderdome for my new robot to fight captured raiders! It's very helpful step in saving my son.

it has some nice modding potential too, which is always a plus for me. I like making characters that are escaped Synths. A few various mods help with that, like the alternate start, and some mods that add in cybernetics kind of based off of New Vegas Cybernetic mods. Harder to do in the actual game without some modding when you get one whole line about how you might be a Synth in Far Harbour. Which is nice that it's there but I honestly think that question should have been posed in like first 10-20 hours of the game. Something that's never confirmed or denied to allow for maximum roleplay. Want your character to be a Synth, well you can lean into as much as you want. Want them to be a human, you can deny flat out and snice they are so hard to detect whose to say you are wrong either way?
Main gripe is "why tf would they kill the spouse and only take shaun, obviously both would be better than only 1
I like the gun play, sarcasm options, building options,  and companions, side quests and location.
Things I didn't care for: having the player character voiced was weird,  the option of kill everyone or pacifists missing, respawning of the same enemies, constant being called to defend a settlement all the time and the I didn't like the leaving system.

Overall I enjoyed the game, I had fun, main quest was a little boring though.  Its a solid entry and fun playthrough.  I haven't had the urge to replay it through again.
my favorite of them all tbh
It was ok… nice build up for fallout 5
You must play it on survival mode and see as more of an open world exploration game than an out and out RPG, once you reach that mind set it's an absolute blast, the junk system really lends itself into that whole gameplay loop of exploring to advance your settlements and weapon mods.
Me, 500 hours in VR: “meh”
Atmosphere and graphics are fantastic, but I literally try to avoid the main story as much as possible (I do side quests and then hit up the Museum of Freedom at like, level 25 or 30)
Got the high jump mod. Now it feels like Destiny. Cool I can jump one building to another too
It rocks.
How did five below have this It's the greatest game ever made
I think they missed an opportunity where you really could explore the pre war world more, but it was okay.
The best in terms of gameplay I think, I've had the most fun with it because of the amazing exploration and open world. Story wise I guess it's just ok in your first playthrough, after that is quite mediocre; side content and dlcs I would say really good.
It's the shit. Fucking love fo4. Especially on series x with the 4k60 mod
The main quest was ok but with a lot of head cannon and some mods this game became one if the best games I've ever played
It's not perfect but once you get past the lag/glitching and any other nonsense it throws at you it's a fun game. Especially when you really aren't following the main story.
Modded fallout 4 is the best game ever made
Love it
It's an excellent game but having a voiced protagonist is a huge let down for me.
pretty good. bethesda has a habit of falling short but fallout 4’s shortcomings were few and far between. dont get me started on the writing though
I would say it's a good game but not a good fallout game. It vastly improved the combat, and I really enjoyed the customization, but it dumbed down the dialogue a LOT that really gave Fallout its charm for me.  If the dialogue was improved, it would have been such a better game in my eyes.
When it first came out I thought it was ok and didn't regard it as highly as 3 or new vegas, now almost 10 years later I'm really starting to appreciate it even more it's a really good game, all the fallouts have flaws and 4 isn't short of them but it's dam good, one of my faviorte games of all time I think it should be considered along with 3 and new vegas these days or if anything just a little bit below them
Against FO3 and FNV, it is the worst RPG wise. 

It is also the better video game experience being a more modern title. Fun for shooting stuff in but was disappointed by the story and sidequests besides a few (pickmans gallery for instance was great.)
my favorite in the series. yeah the main story is great storytelling wise. other than i have zero issues with it. mods make it even better
Nora is blonde ?
Very good gameplay. Main story needs some work (why should I care about Shaun even though I barely know the baby; at least I got to know my character's father in 3). Far Harbor is the best DLC.

Dialogue system is not good, glad they fixed it in 76.
I just mod my own game into it. I have uneducated shooter, the forest, slide, extended speech, countless weapons and quest mods. The list goes on. 
It feels more modern but I have a lot of things for a more fallout 1 vibe in place. 

The base game is a good shoot and loot with love a care but it’s just not what I felt going into fallout 3.

Fallout 3 being my first experience in any rpg game I quickly felt immersed and connected with the capital wasteland. People would truly perish from my choices if not thought deeply enough about. 

Fallout 4 was that next generation experience and to be honest I dropped out of grade 12 because I played it so much. Highschool was a fucked up place and fallout really let me escape that weird social experiment
Fallout 4 has the best gameplay by far. I have only played 3 and New Vegas (and love them very much), but those two aren’t close in pure gameplay. Fallout 4 had an incredible crafting system that made it fun to make your own guns. The legendary system changed how you  approach a fight and if the loot is really worth it if you are doing a YOLO run. The world was fun to explore and the verticality of Boston still has a lot of replayability for me. Sure the story was average at best, but a story is going to be relatively the same every replay. The variety of different builds does a lot more for replayability for than story ever could. What other previous Fallout game had a viable melee build like 4? And arguably the best part about 4, the SPECIAL/perk system. Having fewer special points made my decisions have a greater impact on early game than ever before. I still always love to make a YOLO build with a melee and throwables because it’s just so dang fun. Maybe it is a hot take, but I think 4 has a very strong case for the best Fallout game.
Its eh
The amount of stuck up people acting like this game killed their grandma is astounding. Like, okay, the 4 dialogue options is bad, and yeah the writing and story aren’t great, but I think the gameplay is unmatched.

Like every game in the series, 4 has it’s upsides *and* downsides. Sure, writing is bad, but the gunplay is some of my favorite in gaming. The story is kind of mid, but the customization is really good, only rivalled by 76. There *are* some really amazing qualities to this game, that people just toss aside because it’s a different interpretation of Fallout. Sure, it’s Fallout *4*, but the way the game is built, it’s not trying to be like New Vegas. It’s its own thing, and I think that’s great.

Sorry for this long ramble, I’ve just seen this game, granted, a game I am heavily biased towards, get shafted way too often by the kinds of people in this community that… Being honest? Makes this community shitty sometimes. Like what you want, 4 is my favorite but if you like another game, that’s fine too. Agree to disagree (unless you agree, in which-case that’s pogsome)

[Edit: Changed emphasis to the *4* in Fallout 4 in one of my points]
I think FO4 has the best gunplay but the writing took a serious hit. I was also not the biggest fan of the base building.
FO3 and NV were better in my opinion. FO3 was the best writing wise and NV had the improved gameplay mechanics from FO3.

Edit: fixed typo
Thin on story, but the overhaul to the game engine, combat system and power armor were necessary to drag the franchise into the modern era.  

FO4 Power Armor is believable.  Combat is more real-time fluid and believable.
Good action game with RPG elements and interesting open world, bad fallout and bad RPG in all other things that must be in a decent RPG.  
And "Skyrim with guns", of course, but who said this is bad?)
My first fallout, my favorite fallout
I wasn't a big fan of it, I thought it was fun but not as replayable as 2, 3, and NV
Bad story, bad lore, decent graphics, great shooting mechanics, fun game, amazing with mods.
I know I’ll get a lot of fire for this, screw it. Fallout 4 is absolutely my favorite Fallout game, I don’t care what you say.
great game
Fun game definitely needed more development time
Love it
It might be a issue with my PC, but fo3/fonv looked better than fallout 4. While 3 had more dated and simpler graphics, 4 was extremely pixelated and the pixels stood out because they were too sharp imo. Since TTW exists, meaning that I can play fo3 and fonv in the same save slot, it makes fo4 redundant seeing as how both of them had better stories and gameplay than 4. If I could fix the graphics of 4, if maybe enjoy it more, but even then I play fallout 76 enough to not really care for that “go between” as much.
Did not like it at all, felt like it took the good from other fallout games watered it down added a terrible voice to the protagonist(not that they did a bad job just a terrible choice) extended the crafting in the worst way possible then added a terrible settlement system that makes me avoid the game
Great game, I preordered and built a PC specifically to run max graphics. 

I don't love the dialogue system, or building system. 
However, the use of Charisma skills in combat is so so fun, the weapon and armor customization is super cool, and the levelling system is straightforward. 

Overall, I like it
48 days of my life spent playing this game.
Very solid game minus the dialogue issues. I didn’t even hate the voiced protagonist all the time.
The spouse should’ve been a companion from the get go.
If the story was a little stronger I think it would easily be the best one. Every aspect of the game besides story is perfect imo. Combat, exploration, immersion, weapon crafting, everything is perfect. I just think the story is not that great and I don’t really like any of the choices of factions to side with.
Horrible writing besides companions. The voiced protagonist was an awful idea. Lacks more rpg elements. Settlement building and the mandatory relay/liberty prime building should never had made to the game. Has some cool locations. 5/10 I don't recommend playing.
I love fo4 almost as much as I love fo3. The game is so good. I don’t like the constant settlement quests, but I love the exploring, and romancing the companions. I have a ton of hours on both ps4 and Xbox one. It’s a pretty good game!
Staten Island garbage dump in the middle of July
It’s ok to play once or twice (vanilla wise) fun with mods. But I can’t get myself to play it again due to the lame missions. DLC is good though.
I really love taking my time on a playthrough like this. By the time you bring Preston here the whole place is completely cleaned up, beds and defenses. I actually completely clean out red rocket of stuff and slow walk all of it back to sanctuary.
    I usually let Preston and the minutemen have sanctuary and turn Red Rocket into my base, the garage door plus the sliding doors is a nice feature
        I feel like that's what the Red Rocket settlement was meant for, thats what i think anyway.
            Considering that the start screen shows a power armor station in a Red Rocket, I'd say that's extremely likely. Seriously, I'm not mocking you. I, however, never used it as my own personal settlement, having purchased and decorated Home Plate in Diamond City
                [removed]
                    For me it's always Red Rocket as a personal base until I get to Hangman's Alley. Then I slowly move everything there.
                        Hangman Alley is to me the best home base for the city.  I don't remember a playthrough where my first thing I do in Boston proper wasn't clearing Hangmans Alley.
                            Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
                            Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
                    Didn’t know I could buy a house in Diamond city til my third play through haha
                I restarted just to turn red rocket into my home, because I couldn’t be bothered to move everything
                Spoilers
        i no longer feel like i have any natural to myself ideas 😂😂
    Lol,  im dying on the slow walk. I'm about to go do that now
    I always do it before I meet them, it's so irritating having to build around NPCs. Then they have the gall to still try and tutorial me on how to build shit.
    I do this as well. Think about my build as well
    Yes! Cleaning settlements up is extremely satisfying. If only there was a mod that allowed me to expand my cleaning to the whole map, I’d love to become the heroic Janitor of the Commonwealth!
        New faction confirmed
I still remember how cool it was when I first got to use the settlement building. It wasn’t perfect but I really liked that initial feeling of building a small home for just a handful of Minutemen.
I’m doing my first playthrough with mods and I’m using one that allows me to scrap everything in a settlement. It’s pretty satisfying.
    This. One of the biggest peeves I had when I first played was the fact that Preston and the rest never improved ANYTHING in Sanctuary. I mean ... y'all couldn't even pick up the old tires and basic trash? Especially when other settlers would show up. So the Scrap that Settlement mod was a lifesaver to my mental health....lol
This is the way.
Mine is "fun piece a shite"
    That actually sounds like a very accurate review.
        100% It's my favorite unplayable game.
            Mine is Ark
“Neat”
"It's not bad"
    "Makes my boner pop"
> Not a fan of the story but thankfully Far Harbor was there lmao.

There are a lot of areas/dialogue/characters/etc. that just seem like they were meant to be developed more, but then weren't.
    The most egregious to me is that scene in goodneighbour after going into Kellogg's mind where Nick starts talking in Kellogg's voice and then it's never brought up ever again after that. That could have been such a cool plot point.
        The worst to me is that they had an entire Revolutionary War metaphor set up and barely touched it. The imperialistic distant faction (Institute/England) that imposed its will by fiat/force/deception on the less-advanced commoners (all the colonists/surface dwellers), a group literally called the Minutemen that opposed them, a powerful ally that shows up halfway through (Brotherhood/France), a group that meets in the Old North Church, etc. etc. etc.

Did they do anything with that? Nope, just a bunch of fetch quests and "go here, kill everyone".
        I thought it was gonna be a Johnny Silverhand thing
The story was soooo mid. The rest of the game is great
^ This.
Very detailed response. I've spent ~300 hours on the game for a reason and it was definitely the base building and exploration. As one of those older fans it still affects me playing to this day that the replayability is just not there sadly. I respect those who did have fun with it regardless and only wish for Fallout to grow further and better but with the way the real world is looking, we're probably not gonna get that.
    Wdym, the real world is looking great. In a few years time, we'll be able to play nothing BUT Fallout, all day every day! /s
    NV offered a minimum of 4 play throughs (2 if you save scum) to join the ncr, legion, mr house then yourself, each with unique missions
As a Bostonian though, I was disappointed Fallout 4 didn't actually give Boston vibes and none of the towns were all that accurate.

Still love the map but I definitely think they could have done better in terms of matching the feel.
    As a non Bostonian, very accurate, 10/10 would commonwealth again
    I've never been to Boston so I find it really interesting hearing a local take on it, it's a pity they didn't get the real feel of the place. Missed opportunity.
that's one comment I can agree with
The factions and story were very underwritten. It felt in a lot of ways just fallout 3 modernized, different setting, better mechanics so on. Not saying it's a bad game because it's in no way a bad game. It's just not my favorite. I just prefer FO3 or NV.
Yup it was my intro to Fallout and now I’m playing New Vegas, then playing 3
    Same here. I played new Vegas next and love it. Very different from 4 but story mechanics so much better. Now if 5 can be a merge of the two I’d be in heaven
        Closest we can get is Fallout London
    I did that order, got stuck in New Vegas and went over to 3. I’ll be going back to New Vegas once I’m done with all the DLCs.
    3s the best story imo
        New Vegas had the story where your decisions actually mattered more.
        have you played the classics? bruh....... even on the recent games, fnv still a lot better. At least fo3 is not as bad as fo4 story-wise tho
        Idk, fo1 takes the cake for me.
        100% agree
Of all the games in the Fallout series, Fallout 4 is one of them.
Yeah its unfortunate they shaved down the RPG mechanincs and other features from previous games, but the game does help to ease in players that are new to Fallout or the RPG genre at all.
    I actually like the perk overhaul over the skills/perks from prior games.  I think the "build" variety was a lot better
    Shaved it so hard!! Rolled so many perks into 1, wack.
Debatable. 

It gives the wrong impression to newcomers that Fallout is some sort of post apocalyptic looter shooter.
    That's what it became after Bethesda acquired it.  I realize that's not where it started.
    I mean that’s what’s it’s been for like 10+ years now
        Not really.

Fallout 3 and New Vegas were much closer to the classic Fallouts, while 4 gutted a lot of basic mechanics and dumbed down the RPG elements.
Instead they focused on polishing shooting, added base building and edited crafting.
            That’s true but Fallout 76 carried a lot of things they changed in 4 which tells me that’s the direction they are moving forward in for better or worse.
    Life is debatable.
great entry fallout game? the least fallout game in the franchise
    [removed]
        [removed]
Nah, fallout 1 is the easiest entry game. Simplest mechanics in the franchise and extremely easy, fun, and basic.

Edit: does Reddit even know what sarcasm is?!
    No we should respect it as the start of fallout but it is nothing at all like any fallout game that has been made in the last 15 years and most players are not interested in these types of games and would most likely rather a the 3d ones
        Tried Fallout (1) because “I love the series.” Found out I don’t love the series; I just love 3, NV, and 76
            It's a bit rough nowadays even by iso rpg standards. Graphics aren't the best so some of the things you're meant to notice are hard to distinguish, random encounters can be arbitrarily hard and follower mechanics are a limited and rather dated nowadays creating more difficulty.
            You don't have to like everything in a series to love that series even the most die hard fan probably doesn't like brotherhood of steel the game
    Poe’s Law applies here.
Agreed, new Vegas is the best fallout
Institute is def an evil choice
    True but you gotta get halfway through the story just to even side with them. Fallout 3 I can blow up a city in the first hour of the game.
It's definitely my favorite game ever
It really is. Wish I could erase my memory of far harbor and play it all over again.
    I’m hoping to visit Mount Desert Island IRL this spring or fall.
        I'm jealous haha, but excited for you! Sounds like my dream of touring the FO76 destinations in the state of irl West Virginia. 
            That’s another plan actually. If I don’t do Maine I’m probably doing WV around early May. I had it all planned for my 30th back in August, was gonna be walking the New River Gorge Bridge at the exact time of my 30th birthday in the late afternoon, but I contracted COVID a few days before booking things and was out of commission for a month.
                Oh man, I'm so sorry that happened! I'm glad you're doing alright! You have some great plans set in motion and I hope you post lots of photos to this sub. We would love to see your irl fallout adventures!
                    Thanks! Yeah I’ll definitely post pics here and most likely an album link since there will be more than a few pics! I’m hoping to do both this year, one in the spring and one in the fall. Most likely WV in the spring, since some other family members want to go too and will have time then, and that gives me time to work on my hiking skills for Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park.
        Highly recommend it! I visit about every other year. Fantastic hiking. Hit Cadillac mnt for sunrise, and def go to Eagle lake to swim.
    M e m o r y s e q u e n c e
Except. That one part. You know the bit I mean.
    Oh yeah, terrible puzzles, and I usually enjoy puzzles.
        Same person who did the brain sequence in campaign must have been responsible
I draw/paint to the OST often when I need my post apoc hauntingly beautiful music fix.
You misspelled Old World Blues
While I really really like far harbor I think the best fallout dlc has got to be Old World Blues
    Old world blues isn't even the best NV dlc, much less all of fallout
    I really enjoyed nuka world.
        I liked nuka world too. My only complaint would be that if you side with the minute men you miss out on so much content but besides that I rather enjoyed my time with it.
I do love Far Harbor!

Im playing survival this go around with some great mods to make it even harder. Looking forward to what Far Harbor brings
I like Point Lookout a lot more personally. Much better horror vibe.
    Point lookout has great horror vibes but Far Harbor has a more general “mini fallout game” vibe too it. It’s got all the fallout vibes going for it, from horror and destruction to hope and beauty.
> far harbor is the best fallout DLC ever

Agree. But also, rest of F4 is cool factor first, lore and worldbuilding being crammed in, and only if possible, later.
You've tapped into Sim Settlements 2 right?....right?...please tell me you do.
I agree with everything you said exactly.... except for Preston. That's my one sour spot. But otherwise, my favorite fallout game and also my favorite game of all time.
    Poor Preston haha, but yeah he's either loved or loathed. No in between.
        Let me be the odd man out. Hello, I don't dislike Preston Garvey nor do I like him. To me he's an okay character, nothing special but not an awful character that has nothing interesting going on at all.
        I would be completely fine if he took a backseat instead of handing control over to me in title only. From that point it would be better if you could at least get information from him and not orders.
        I'm very mid on Preston. He's alright. Not amazing, not terrible. He's just...there.
What about Curie!
Why?
    The gameplay, the modernity compared to the other games,   the amount of content/stuff to find, personalization of weapons/armor/settlements, the DLC. The main story certainly has some holes, but overall... I've got over 4000 hours played.
Same
Its still a game that does a thing
    Make the apocalypse too cherry and marvel movie like 😂
        Factual
From personal experience, the *idea* of nukaworld is super cool. However actually *playing* nukaworld, more specifically clearing out each branch of the park is something I loathe doing. 

Somehow I keep doing it every time I replay the game even though I know I don’t enjoy and that never changes.
Any reason why?
    Not really. Usually by the time I get around to doing it I've burned myself out on the game.
Lmao that's the only thing that redeeming about this games, actually a really good dlc
Cait the bestest girl.  That brutal trauma of survival and "I have no one but myself in this world"...
Wdym
Took quite a bit of scrolling to find a gem like this.

Fo4 is so mid I never bought the dlc and will never play again after 1 ½ playthroughs. Gunplay itself is fun but even the ragdolls and kills are less enjoyable than 3 and NV.

All horror and gritty elements replaced with bright colors and somehow worse UI design for the pip boy and menus as well. Thats not even getting into any of the main gripes (story, factions, etc.)

The bar was not set too high imo. They just made a new bar and threw out the old (Gamebryo and all of its amazing assets)
    Have you tried playing FO4 with mods? It legitimately saves the game and turns it into one of the best entries in the series. Only a handful are hard required, like Alternate Start, Full Dialogue Interface, and Sim Settlements. The rest are more preference based, but they can literally change the game and turn it into a masterpiece.
        Knowing mods myself, I definitely get that can be the case. It really is more the principle as well as the fact that it would take an overhaul of changes for me to really feel like it's Fallout again. 

Fo3 and NV were a blast vanilla and with no DLC. The DLC only added upon that. The fact that Bethesda released such a subpar game and then turns around and sells me the things I was looking for that are in the base previous games in DLC packs just really, truly irks me and I dont feel like playing it ever again. 

I appreciate knowing that theres hope for future titles thanks to the modding community but thats so sad to say since Bethesda should, IDK, do their job and make an already great game and stop making their fans fix all their mistakes.
Same, but on xbox series X updated for me I heard there's issues I don't know
    Here its solved, its now on psn plus catalog
I usually let Preston and the minutemen have sanctuary and turn Red Rocket into my base, the garage door plus the sliding doors is a nice feature
    I feel like that's what the Red Rocket settlement was meant for, thats what i think anyway.
        Considering that the start screen shows a power armor station in a Red Rocket, I'd say that's extremely likely. Seriously, I'm not mocking you. I, however, never used it as my own personal settlement, having purchased and decorated Home Plate in Diamond City
            [removed]
                For me it's always Red Rocket as a personal base until I get to Hangman's Alley. Then I slowly move everything there.
                    Hangman Alley is to me the best home base for the city.  I don't remember a playthrough where my first thing I do in Boston proper wasn't clearing Hangmans Alley.
                        Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
                        Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
                Didn’t know I could buy a house in Diamond city til my third play through haha
            I restarted just to turn red rocket into my home, because I couldn’t be bothered to move everything
            Spoilers
    i no longer feel like i have any natural to myself ideas 😂😂
Lol,  im dying on the slow walk. I'm about to go do that now
I always do it before I meet them, it's so irritating having to build around NPCs. Then they have the gall to still try and tutorial me on how to build shit.
I do this as well. Think about my build as well
Yes! Cleaning settlements up is extremely satisfying. If only there was a mod that allowed me to expand my cleaning to the whole map, I’d love to become the heroic Janitor of the Commonwealth!
    New faction confirmed
This. One of the biggest peeves I had when I first played was the fact that Preston and the rest never improved ANYTHING in Sanctuary. I mean ... y'all couldn't even pick up the old tires and basic trash? Especially when other settlers would show up. So the Scrap that Settlement mod was a lifesaver to my mental health....lol
That actually sounds like a very accurate review.
    100% It's my favorite unplayable game.
        Mine is Ark
"Makes my boner pop"
The most egregious to me is that scene in goodneighbour after going into Kellogg's mind where Nick starts talking in Kellogg's voice and then it's never brought up ever again after that. That could have been such a cool plot point.
    The worst to me is that they had an entire Revolutionary War metaphor set up and barely touched it. The imperialistic distant faction (Institute/England) that imposed its will by fiat/force/deception on the less-advanced commoners (all the colonists/surface dwellers), a group literally called the Minutemen that opposed them, a powerful ally that shows up halfway through (Brotherhood/France), a group that meets in the Old North Church, etc. etc. etc.

Did they do anything with that? Nope, just a bunch of fetch quests and "go here, kill everyone".
    I thought it was gonna be a Johnny Silverhand thing
Wdym, the real world is looking great. In a few years time, we'll be able to play nothing BUT Fallout, all day every day! /s
NV offered a minimum of 4 play throughs (2 if you save scum) to join the ncr, legion, mr house then yourself, each with unique missions
As a non Bostonian, very accurate, 10/10 would commonwealth again
I've never been to Boston so I find it really interesting hearing a local take on it, it's a pity they didn't get the real feel of the place. Missed opportunity.
Same here. I played new Vegas next and love it. Very different from 4 but story mechanics so much better. Now if 5 can be a merge of the two I’d be in heaven
    Closest we can get is Fallout London
I did that order, got stuck in New Vegas and went over to 3. I’ll be going back to New Vegas once I’m done with all the DLCs.
3s the best story imo
    New Vegas had the story where your decisions actually mattered more.
    have you played the classics? bruh....... even on the recent games, fnv still a lot better. At least fo3 is not as bad as fo4 story-wise tho
    Idk, fo1 takes the cake for me.
    100% agree
I actually like the perk overhaul over the skills/perks from prior games.  I think the "build" variety was a lot better
Shaved it so hard!! Rolled so many perks into 1, wack.
That's what it became after Bethesda acquired it.  I realize that's not where it started.
I mean that’s what’s it’s been for like 10+ years now
    Not really.

Fallout 3 and New Vegas were much closer to the classic Fallouts, while 4 gutted a lot of basic mechanics and dumbed down the RPG elements.
Instead they focused on polishing shooting, added base building and edited crafting.
        That’s true but Fallout 76 carried a lot of things they changed in 4 which tells me that’s the direction they are moving forward in for better or worse.
Life is debatable.
[removed]
    [removed]
No we should respect it as the start of fallout but it is nothing at all like any fallout game that has been made in the last 15 years and most players are not interested in these types of games and would most likely rather a the 3d ones
    Tried Fallout (1) because “I love the series.” Found out I don’t love the series; I just love 3, NV, and 76
        It's a bit rough nowadays even by iso rpg standards. Graphics aren't the best so some of the things you're meant to notice are hard to distinguish, random encounters can be arbitrarily hard and follower mechanics are a limited and rather dated nowadays creating more difficulty.
        You don't have to like everything in a series to love that series even the most die hard fan probably doesn't like brotherhood of steel the game
Poe’s Law applies here.
True but you gotta get halfway through the story just to even side with them. Fallout 3 I can blow up a city in the first hour of the game.
I’m hoping to visit Mount Desert Island IRL this spring or fall.
    I'm jealous haha, but excited for you! Sounds like my dream of touring the FO76 destinations in the state of irl West Virginia. 
        That’s another plan actually. If I don’t do Maine I’m probably doing WV around early May. I had it all planned for my 30th back in August, was gonna be walking the New River Gorge Bridge at the exact time of my 30th birthday in the late afternoon, but I contracted COVID a few days before booking things and was out of commission for a month.
            Oh man, I'm so sorry that happened! I'm glad you're doing alright! You have some great plans set in motion and I hope you post lots of photos to this sub. We would love to see your irl fallout adventures!
                Thanks! Yeah I’ll definitely post pics here and most likely an album link since there will be more than a few pics! I’m hoping to do both this year, one in the spring and one in the fall. Most likely WV in the spring, since some other family members want to go too and will have time then, and that gives me time to work on my hiking skills for Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park.
    Highly recommend it! I visit about every other year. Fantastic hiking. Hit Cadillac mnt for sunrise, and def go to Eagle lake to swim.
M e m o r y s e q u e n c e
Oh yeah, terrible puzzles, and I usually enjoy puzzles.
    Same person who did the brain sequence in campaign must have been responsible
Old world blues isn't even the best NV dlc, much less all of fallout
I really enjoyed nuka world.
    I liked nuka world too. My only complaint would be that if you side with the minute men you miss out on so much content but besides that I rather enjoyed my time with it.
Point lookout has great horror vibes but Far Harbor has a more general “mini fallout game” vibe too it. It’s got all the fallout vibes going for it, from horror and destruction to hope and beauty.
Poor Preston haha, but yeah he's either loved or loathed. No in between.
    Let me be the odd man out. Hello, I don't dislike Preston Garvey nor do I like him. To me he's an okay character, nothing special but not an awful character that has nothing interesting going on at all.
    I would be completely fine if he took a backseat instead of handing control over to me in title only. From that point it would be better if you could at least get information from him and not orders.
    I'm very mid on Preston. He's alright. Not amazing, not terrible. He's just...there.
The gameplay, the modernity compared to the other games,   the amount of content/stuff to find, personalization of weapons/armor/settlements, the DLC. The main story certainly has some holes, but overall... I've got over 4000 hours played.
Make the apocalypse too cherry and marvel movie like 😂
    Factual
Not really. Usually by the time I get around to doing it I've burned myself out on the game.
Have you tried playing FO4 with mods? It legitimately saves the game and turns it into one of the best entries in the series. Only a handful are hard required, like Alternate Start, Full Dialogue Interface, and Sim Settlements. The rest are more preference based, but they can literally change the game and turn it into a masterpiece.
    Knowing mods myself, I definitely get that can be the case. It really is more the principle as well as the fact that it would take an overhaul of changes for me to really feel like it's Fallout again. 

Fo3 and NV were a blast vanilla and with no DLC. The DLC only added upon that. The fact that Bethesda released such a subpar game and then turns around and sells me the things I was looking for that are in the base previous games in DLC packs just really, truly irks me and I dont feel like playing it ever again. 

I appreciate knowing that theres hope for future titles thanks to the modding community but thats so sad to say since Bethesda should, IDK, do their job and make an already great game and stop making their fans fix all their mistakes.
Here its solved, its now on psn plus catalog
I feel like that's what the Red Rocket settlement was meant for, thats what i think anyway.
    Considering that the start screen shows a power armor station in a Red Rocket, I'd say that's extremely likely. Seriously, I'm not mocking you. I, however, never used it as my own personal settlement, having purchased and decorated Home Plate in Diamond City
        [removed]
            For me it's always Red Rocket as a personal base until I get to Hangman's Alley. Then I slowly move everything there.
                Hangman Alley is to me the best home base for the city.  I don't remember a playthrough where my first thing I do in Boston proper wasn't clearing Hangmans Alley.
                    Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
                    Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
            Didn’t know I could buy a house in Diamond city til my third play through haha
        I restarted just to turn red rocket into my home, because I couldn’t be bothered to move everything
        Spoilers
i no longer feel like i have any natural to myself ideas 😂😂
New faction confirmed
100% It's my favorite unplayable game.
    Mine is Ark
The worst to me is that they had an entire Revolutionary War metaphor set up and barely touched it. The imperialistic distant faction (Institute/England) that imposed its will by fiat/force/deception on the less-advanced commoners (all the colonists/surface dwellers), a group literally called the Minutemen that opposed them, a powerful ally that shows up halfway through (Brotherhood/France), a group that meets in the Old North Church, etc. etc. etc.

Did they do anything with that? Nope, just a bunch of fetch quests and "go here, kill everyone".
I thought it was gonna be a Johnny Silverhand thing
Closest we can get is Fallout London
New Vegas had the story where your decisions actually mattered more.
have you played the classics? bruh....... even on the recent games, fnv still a lot better. At least fo3 is not as bad as fo4 story-wise tho
Idk, fo1 takes the cake for me.
100% agree
Not really.

Fallout 3 and New Vegas were much closer to the classic Fallouts, while 4 gutted a lot of basic mechanics and dumbed down the RPG elements.
Instead they focused on polishing shooting, added base building and edited crafting.
    That’s true but Fallout 76 carried a lot of things they changed in 4 which tells me that’s the direction they are moving forward in for better or worse.
[removed]
Tried Fallout (1) because “I love the series.” Found out I don’t love the series; I just love 3, NV, and 76
    It's a bit rough nowadays even by iso rpg standards. Graphics aren't the best so some of the things you're meant to notice are hard to distinguish, random encounters can be arbitrarily hard and follower mechanics are a limited and rather dated nowadays creating more difficulty.
    You don't have to like everything in a series to love that series even the most die hard fan probably doesn't like brotherhood of steel the game
I'm jealous haha, but excited for you! Sounds like my dream of touring the FO76 destinations in the state of irl West Virginia. 
    That’s another plan actually. If I don’t do Maine I’m probably doing WV around early May. I had it all planned for my 30th back in August, was gonna be walking the New River Gorge Bridge at the exact time of my 30th birthday in the late afternoon, but I contracted COVID a few days before booking things and was out of commission for a month.
        Oh man, I'm so sorry that happened! I'm glad you're doing alright! You have some great plans set in motion and I hope you post lots of photos to this sub. We would love to see your irl fallout adventures!
            Thanks! Yeah I’ll definitely post pics here and most likely an album link since there will be more than a few pics! I’m hoping to do both this year, one in the spring and one in the fall. Most likely WV in the spring, since some other family members want to go too and will have time then, and that gives me time to work on my hiking skills for Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park.
Highly recommend it! I visit about every other year. Fantastic hiking. Hit Cadillac mnt for sunrise, and def go to Eagle lake to swim.
Same person who did the brain sequence in campaign must have been responsible
I liked nuka world too. My only complaint would be that if you side with the minute men you miss out on so much content but besides that I rather enjoyed my time with it.
Let me be the odd man out. Hello, I don't dislike Preston Garvey nor do I like him. To me he's an okay character, nothing special but not an awful character that has nothing interesting going on at all.
I would be completely fine if he took a backseat instead of handing control over to me in title only. From that point it would be better if you could at least get information from him and not orders.
I'm very mid on Preston. He's alright. Not amazing, not terrible. He's just...there.
Factual
Knowing mods myself, I definitely get that can be the case. It really is more the principle as well as the fact that it would take an overhaul of changes for me to really feel like it's Fallout again. 

Fo3 and NV were a blast vanilla and with no DLC. The DLC only added upon that. The fact that Bethesda released such a subpar game and then turns around and sells me the things I was looking for that are in the base previous games in DLC packs just really, truly irks me and I dont feel like playing it ever again. 

I appreciate knowing that theres hope for future titles thanks to the modding community but thats so sad to say since Bethesda should, IDK, do their job and make an already great game and stop making their fans fix all their mistakes.
Considering that the start screen shows a power armor station in a Red Rocket, I'd say that's extremely likely. Seriously, I'm not mocking you. I, however, never used it as my own personal settlement, having purchased and decorated Home Plate in Diamond City
    [removed]
        For me it's always Red Rocket as a personal base until I get to Hangman's Alley. Then I slowly move everything there.
            Hangman Alley is to me the best home base for the city.  I don't remember a playthrough where my first thing I do in Boston proper wasn't clearing Hangmans Alley.
                Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
                Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
        Didn’t know I could buy a house in Diamond city til my third play through haha
    I restarted just to turn red rocket into my home, because I couldn’t be bothered to move everything
    Spoilers
Mine is Ark
That’s true but Fallout 76 carried a lot of things they changed in 4 which tells me that’s the direction they are moving forward in for better or worse.
It's a bit rough nowadays even by iso rpg standards. Graphics aren't the best so some of the things you're meant to notice are hard to distinguish, random encounters can be arbitrarily hard and follower mechanics are a limited and rather dated nowadays creating more difficulty.
You don't have to like everything in a series to love that series even the most die hard fan probably doesn't like brotherhood of steel the game
That’s another plan actually. If I don’t do Maine I’m probably doing WV around early May. I had it all planned for my 30th back in August, was gonna be walking the New River Gorge Bridge at the exact time of my 30th birthday in the late afternoon, but I contracted COVID a few days before booking things and was out of commission for a month.
    Oh man, I'm so sorry that happened! I'm glad you're doing alright! You have some great plans set in motion and I hope you post lots of photos to this sub. We would love to see your irl fallout adventures!
        Thanks! Yeah I’ll definitely post pics here and most likely an album link since there will be more than a few pics! I’m hoping to do both this year, one in the spring and one in the fall. Most likely WV in the spring, since some other family members want to go too and will have time then, and that gives me time to work on my hiking skills for Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park.
[removed]
    For me it's always Red Rocket as a personal base until I get to Hangman's Alley. Then I slowly move everything there.
        Hangman Alley is to me the best home base for the city.  I don't remember a playthrough where my first thing I do in Boston proper wasn't clearing Hangmans Alley.
            Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
            Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
    Didn’t know I could buy a house in Diamond city til my third play through haha
I restarted just to turn red rocket into my home, because I couldn’t be bothered to move everything
Spoilers
Oh man, I'm so sorry that happened! I'm glad you're doing alright! You have some great plans set in motion and I hope you post lots of photos to this sub. We would love to see your irl fallout adventures!
    Thanks! Yeah I’ll definitely post pics here and most likely an album link since there will be more than a few pics! I’m hoping to do both this year, one in the spring and one in the fall. Most likely WV in the spring, since some other family members want to go too and will have time then, and that gives me time to work on my hiking skills for Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park.
For me it's always Red Rocket as a personal base until I get to Hangman's Alley. Then I slowly move everything there.
    Hangman Alley is to me the best home base for the city.  I don't remember a playthrough where my first thing I do in Boston proper wasn't clearing Hangmans Alley.
        Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
        Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
Didn’t know I could buy a house in Diamond city til my third play through haha
Thanks! Yeah I’ll definitely post pics here and most likely an album link since there will be more than a few pics! I’m hoping to do both this year, one in the spring and one in the fall. Most likely WV in the spring, since some other family members want to go too and will have time then, and that gives me time to work on my hiking skills for Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park.
Hangman Alley is to me the best home base for the city.  I don't remember a playthrough where my first thing I do in Boston proper wasn't clearing Hangmans Alley.
    Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
    Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
Spectacle island is always my home.  It's my island gtfo.
Brooo so true, cause it’s in the middle of the map as well, great place to just drop off stuff and make it look stupid haha
