[[Cyberpunk 2077 .... a lot of a Cyberpunk 2077]]





thats a welcome sight to see
    I guess the release date is finally final this time around.
        I mean, they even said the delay was not needed the last time, but they wanted to do it  "for that little extra" of fine tuning. I always thought that was bullshit since they already delayed it a couple of times for extra fine tuning. After the internet blew up, I knew there was no way they would delay again. It would've been suicide.
            It was just trying to make the game work on Xbox One and PS4. They said it's fine on Series S|X and PS5 and PC. Remember when a game is made available for the One and PS4 they need to also work on the shittier launch consoles not just the One X and PS4 Pro.
                I cant wait until that is no longer the case
                    As someone on an original xbox one i almost wish this was the case. Part of me thinks it would have been better to not have the option to buy it without a new console/pc.

But the horrific supply issue for new consoles/pc made me cave and buy it.
                        I had one preordered but was lucky enough to win one instead. I think honestly I'd be less pissed if the game came out back in April before the new consoles launched.
                            Most people aren't even fortunate enough to have finances to buy one but this guy did and wins one anyway!
                                Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
                                    Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
                                    Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
                            You should give one to a good friend or someone who is down on there funds would be a nice thing.

Ps. I’m down on funds
                                Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
                        Damn this reminds me that the XOne ran games at 900p back when it released, that's probably still the case with more demanding stuff...
                            Yeah im worried it is gonna be unplayable but i can always not play it until the supply & demand equalises.

Its mad this is first time in my gaming life i can afford both consoles at launch but cant physically get either lol!
                                But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
                        I mean at least when you get the next gen console you’ll be able to replay it on the next gen version if it’s out when you get the next gen console.
                        Just wait a couple months for Nvidia to release their midrange cards and restock up on the cards they're selling now.
Well be a great time to build a PC then
                    I was floored when I learned that Cyberpunk wouldn't be a next gen game
                    same! I was able to upgrade to a Series X so I'm excited to play it!
                    Unfortunately it’s looking like the Series S might take that place this gen
                        nah, devs are telling microsoft to fuck off somewhere else with that shitbox, 20CUs is supposed to handle Ray tracing when the series X has 2060 RT performance? Give me a break. the 2060 can't even do RT properly at 1080p, let alone 4k even if its the upscaled crap. Right away devs are coming out and saying, no idiots, the series S will not support RT in ANY FORM. Not even shadows. Don't get me wrong, for $300, the series S is not bad if ur original Xbox breaks and U just wanna play older games. But if you have an xbox one X, zero reason to upgrade, and for next gen games it clearly won't run them properly even 2 years from now. Plus the nonexistent storage, black ops, warzone, and MW can't even all fit on their microscopic storage and charging $250 for their 1TB expansion is a joke.
                    Even so the new consoles have mid tier components even today
                    Yes, can consoles just please die already? then developers can just focus on making the best possible games and just release to PC
                They said this is the case, but in the recent hands on preview that the media had, they said there were a load of visual bugs so it wasn't just delayed due to last gen consoles (although I don't doubt that was a big factor)
                    if the game is not delayed bc of the turds then why is there no turd gameplay? Notice how BOTH companies have only shown ps4 pro and ps5/xbox one x /series x. That's no accident from CDPR. People are gonna be shocked at how bad it looks on such terrible hardware.
                Not that it matters, but I honestly don't buy this explanation whatsoever. They were developing 2077 from the ground up for the standard consoles since before even the One X and Pro launched (and btw only about 1/5 PS4 owners have a Pro, same for Xbox).

I think that was just a marketing tactic to spin the delay into something that could hype the game up as a "true next-gen experience." Softens the blow a little.
                    Yes they did start on the One and PS4. Then they were given access to the new tech and said "hey we can make this even better" and added a bunch more and now it's straining the old tech. You can argue that's poor management and I'd agree you'd have a case there but to say it's a flat out lie is just ignorant.
                        exactly, there is nothing they can do about crap hardware, and this generation is by far the worst of all time for consoles in terms of hardware. Never, EVER, has a cheap laptop igpu and a fucking PHONE cpu been faster than a console. Back in the ps2 days, consoles were almost as fast, even faster at some points, than PC. The hardware in the xbone and ps4 is a joke. Even Sony and microsoft know that, because they put real CPUs and much better tier (even for the time) gpus in the ps5 and series X
                    [deleted]
                        They're also designed to run on the current generation.
                            Except that, if we are being honest, the original Xbox one and ps4 are severely underpowered consoles. Yeah, cyberpunk may have initially started its development for them. But it’s been clear for a long, long time now that this is a next gen game they were going to have to gut the fuck out of to get it to barely run on previous gen consoles. The ps5/Xbox series x signify one of, if not the biggest, leap in generational console performance ever. Cyberpunk is a massive game using cutting edge tech. A 7 year old console that was fairly low powered even when it released (mostly because of the hdd) is going to fucking struggle to run this game. The minimum pc requirement for 2077 are a fair bit more powerful than last gen consoles, and that’s not even touching upon the recommended specs. Be prepared for this game to run and look like ass on previous gen.
                I'm really feeling this with Valhalla on my original PS4. I'm still having loads of fun, but the cut scenes are glitchy and sometimes I have framerate drops.
                    Ive heard the one and PS4 versions had more bugs. I sense thats going to be an issue with most if not all cross platform games.
                I remember the start of last gen. I bought dragon age inquisition for the fing xbox360. Never again.... Never again. 

Thank you, CDRed
                And it looks like its playing fine enough as is from the leaked videos of people playing on ps4 so....grrrrr
                    I haven't watched it but I still appreciate CDPR wanting to make this as good as possible. I just hope in the future they'll do indefinite delays or longer delays so they dont announce four or five different dates.
                I still don't believe "making it work on consoles that have already been out for years" lol
                I thought it was stadia that was the problem child
                    Stadia IS a problem child but I think the game itself is just the PC version that gets loaded onto a special server at google so on the dev side i dont think theres any special work to do for that. I could be wrong though.
                I have no doubt that the 2 weeks made it better on the OG XBox One and PS4, but the issue where I say it was bullshit was the 2 weeks delay after they already had 3 delays. Like they didn’t know they were struggling with the performance then? Of course they knew and they just hoped it would be ready by the nov deadline. And then they mentioned they could release it, but they just wanted that LITTLE bit extra time, and we found out it was for the OG consoles. Poor project management. If the older consoles struggled, then they should’ve played it extra safe the last delay and set the date into December in the first place. 

Hindsight is 20/20 for sure, but the multiple delays tells me they know fuck all what they are doing on releasing the game on their timeline. They made the mistake of releasing these dates over and over and not managing the time to adhere to those dates. That’s all.
                    Covid didn't help... Imagine how much time they lost during the first shutdown this year or any subsequent. It's easy to sit on the bench and critique but it truly sounds like you know fuck all about how this works. At the end of the day any customer should prefer a project with delays more than a shit project released. Especially if those are your only options. Thier last delay was for a day 1 patch and I personally appreciate that. 

If this is your expert barstool opinion what would it be if it was an unplayable mess on early gen consoles.
                 I hate how PS4 and Xbox One drag down the game and gaming in general. CDPR should just release Cyberpunk 2077 for PC (and PS5/Series X) and release the old versions when they're ready a few weeks/months later. Console players have to wait either way with these delays, might as well allow the people with systems who can run the game to actually play it.

I can't wait until gaming isn't held back by the Xbox One and PS4 anymore, and I really hope neither Sony or MS continue holding gaming development back to work with an 8 year old console.
                I heard the exact opposite- that the current-gen builds were fine on both current and new consoles, but that the next-gen-native versions weren't quite ready yet.
                Should’ve axed last gen. Forget them.
                    Being someone that was able to buy a next gen console I'm inclined to agree but I also would feel bad for people that weren't able to upgrade.
            Absolutely no way they would delay it again and miss out on all the holiday sales.
                Even if they wanted to, so many locations would break street date with these things out there.  It seems like it'd be a nightmare.

I feel like the most we get is them pre-announcing patches that might not be ready on day 1.
            I don't know, the October version supposedly worked fine on PS4 for that streamer who got a leaked copy.
                Yeah, I can almost believe the issues they saw with it was nit picky at best and most, if not all, gamers on those platforms wouldn’t have noticed the issue. The idea that they only get one launch is real, but if that was the case, then give yourself extra time to make damn sure you stick to the release date. The poor project/time management is what gets me with the release of this game.
            “Fine tuning” lol. It was because the election took all the attention that week
                So they made a huge decision that they knew would cause issues bc of the lack of attention they were getting?
        The game went gold, so we already knew they were manufacturing physical copies (and probably uploaded digital versions for distribution).  The issue is that the version of the game currently on these discs was unsatisfying enough for them to decide that they need more development time to create a day 1 patch for it.  These physical discs won't see the light of day until they have a (to-be patched) version that they are happy with, which means they could feasibly delay again.
            Yeah, but all that inventory sitting everywhere makes for a ticking leaky time bomb of a liability.
                That's a good point.  We already have a review green-light, though, so I imagine there isn't too much liability involved with having the inventory out?  Also, I imagine they may not be distributing until they're more sure about their timetable...but then again what do I know, I'm just a dude with a computer!
                Yup. We know of at least one copy that already got leaked. And I used to frequent this game store that would always sell games they weren't suppose to sell yet to regular customers. You just had to ask.

Unfortunately they don't sell PC games. Otherwise I might have tried to get an early copy there.
            You make a good point, but the fact that these discs are being produced suggests a confidence in the release date. Then again this may mean nothing, as a CDPR dev said it would take a natural disaster to delay cyberpunk past its November date, and we all know how that turned out
                Well, what I'm saying is that the game went gold (i.e. sent away for manufacturing), and THEN they delayed it to Dec. 10.  So...while this post is nice, it doesn't really inspire any confidence for me that they won't delay again.
                    From a business point of view, they would want to maximise the Christmas period for sales. As gifts, spontaneous downloads for casual gamers, random downloads from people getting a PS5/Xbox etc That's so much money, they are turning away.
                    It would be extremely stupid for them to delay again lmao, chill out.
                        I'm not saying that isn't true, I'm just saying that seeing physical copies isn't really evidence to that fact.  It's unlikely that they'll delay again, but not outside the realm of possibility.
                    True, but I do think it won't be delayed again just because CDPR knows people will be so incredibly pissed
        Looks like inbound at an Amazon facility, so yeah it's happening.
        No take backs
        Those physical copies have probably been printed months ago. All the stuff they're working on now can be patched.
    I wish it was like this for 3080's, PS5's and XBOXSX.....
        Distill.io

Set it up right and you'll get a ping as soon as they pop in Newegg or bestbuy. All the other stores aren't as reliable. Bots aren't really sniping them now, at least they weren't a month ago. Just people are still camping the links to resell cards
            **I found links in your comment that were not hyperlinked:**

* [Distill.io](https://Distill.io)

*I did the honors for you.*

***

^[delete](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fu%2FLinkifyBot&subject=delete%20gdh5o2l&message=Click%20the%20send%20button%20to%20delete%20the%20false%20positive.) ^| ^[information](https://np.reddit.com/u/LinkifyBot/comments/gkkf7p) ^| ^<3
    With the luck I’ve had with consoles the video is actually just a scalper’s living room.
    Not pictured: 85GB day one update.
    Yeah but prepare yourself for a massive Day 0 patch
    I've been out of gaming for a long time, but now my kids are getting into it.  At this point I just assumed everything was a download.  Are disks / cartridges still a big thing?  Are some games only available in a box?  Otherwise why would you wait for it to be shipped?
        This year especially it has moved to digital, something like %60 of sales now are digital whereas last year it was %60 physical. People like owning physical copies so they can resell it, plus less you have to download usually. Also you can get the digital version with a physical copy, so if you preorder the game you can download it early

on pc its %100 digital.
        Yes, I mean at launch there isn't much reason to get a disc unless your internet is crap or a collectors edition  but games that have been out for 6+ months are a lot cheaper to buy on disc than digital
I NEED IT. CRUSH THEM AND INJECT CYBERPUNK INTO MY VEINS.
    Ok, Kreig, calm down now.
        LICK THE WOMBAT!  FLAY UNTIL DAWN!
            I HAVE THE SHINIEST MEAT BICYCLE
                AND MY AXE
                I’M THE CONDUCTOR OF THE **POOP TRAIN**!
                    choo choo
        THIS IS YELLOW! I SPECIFICALLY WANTED ORANGE!!!
            I think we've had enough orange since the last leap year.
                At last the pumpkin is being thrown in the trash.
        You literally made me do a spit take with my coffee 🤣🤣🤣
    Redacted comment ` this post was mass deleted with www.Redact.dev `
        #I'LL MAKE YOU MY MEAT BICYCLE!
        #**"I'M THE CONDUCTOR OF THE POOP TRAIN!"**
            "I FEEL A TIZZY.....TIME FOR A RAMPAGE"
                "I WILL MAKE MY COCKATEEL FOR THE THUNERAGE SLAUGHTER"
                    "I LIKE MY LOOT LIKE MY BABY STEAKS!

RARE!"
        #**"MOTHERFUCKIN' SEE YA!"**
        #NIPPLE SALADS
        SOMEONE DELIVERED A **FEAST**!!!
    I wonder what happens when you snort cd-disk dust. Well, I'm about to find out.
        [You can find out here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkW-Wh42gq0)
            There's no fucking way I'm clicking that link :D
                I clicked for you.

I don't know what I just watched.

All I know is it was kinda cringe, while at the same time an accurate representation of how some people react to new Halo games lol
                    Believe it or not, this was the pinnacle of internet humor circa 2010.
                        I was more an insanity wolf kinda fella back then.

Edit: This gonna come across as very "get off my lawn" but honestly I liked memes more when they were just advice animals and rage comics.

Shit nowadays is weak IMO.
                Live a little, hahah
                Its an Egoraptor video, you should absolutely click it
                    Yeah, I saw that years ago when it came out on Newgrounds. I had some pretty dark expectations ngl
    Inject the memes into my bloodstream
        If you stolen my memes then you owe me a fresh new pair of memes.
    Injecting a crushed up CD would be a pretty cyberpunk way to die.
    It's gonna have to be a slow drip IV
    HOP ON THE MEAT TRAIN. CHOO CHOO
For the first time, It's actually not scary when we see that yellow color!
    It is an extremely glaring yellow isnt it. I wonder what the creative process was for it being the thematic color
        I think it's fantastic. first trailer for cyberpunk came out in 2013, and for the last 7 years if I see anything remotely resembling that shade of yellow I immediately think "CYBERPUNK 2077"

I have an old mug that I use for tea, it's yellow. that mug had grandkids before cyberpunk was conceieved, it owned that yellow for generations.

then boom, cyberpunk comes along with this ludicrously garish yellow motif/theme... and now that mug is my "cyberpunk 2077 mug"
            This comment has been removed from reddit to protest the API changes.

https://join-lemmy.org/
                Yeah, they were called cuphead and mugman!
                    touche
            That first trailer predominantly used red though, as did the first E3 reveal (to connect it to the first teaser in 2013.)
            The original trailer came out in 2013? Sorry, I’ve only recently started paying attention to it. I did remember the Keanu thing last year?
                Correct. [This teaser](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DvVjkqB3LH0&t=16s) came out in 2013.
            Yea I bought I hoodie in that color. Every time I see it I think CyberPunk
        [deleted]
            It's provocative, it gets the people going.
                Ball so hard mfs wanna fine me
                    that shit cray!
                No it's not it-
                    GETS THE PEOPLE GOING
                Lady Humps by The Black Eyed Peas
            Someone needs to tweet them and ask if they'll be changing their name to cd projekt yellow
                They’ll say yes and then delay it
    MM you have stared yellow and conquered it. You will never again fear the color YELLOW! MM yes, blessings.
    that shade of yellow will give you nightmares after working in an Amazon warehouse for a bit
I will give you one of my kidneys if you send me one copy... deal ?
    Best I can do is 85$ and you gotta pick it up local Jacksonville, FL
        You know what , i don’t want it THAT bad anymore
            I’m not going to gator land, even if it is for Cyberpunk!
                I live here it's not so bad. Just don't talk to anyone with an obvious nickname. If they introduce themselves and it's a nickname, just turn around and run away.
                    Florida Man....
                        The chances of running into Florida Man are directly proportional to how stupid you yourself are being.   


0% is not being in Florida and 100% is you are Florida man.
                            .....how does functional alcoholism factor into that?
                                That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
                                    Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
                    They call me the tambourine man, funny story about that...  Hey!  Where you going?  Come back!
            Redacted comment ` this post was mass deleted with www.Redact.dev `
                30 dollar tops and am leaving.
                Cuh.....bruh....
            **GIVE HIM UR HAPPINESS**
                Sadly that won't be possible :(
        Is this Jason Mendoza or Donkey Doug?
            BLAKE BORTLEEEEEEEEEES
        200 eu and shipping to the Netherlands.
        You fr fr about that $85 ??? Because I’m in Jacksonville
            Is your name shaun by any chance
                No it's Jianyu, he's a Taiwanese Buddhist monk
            guys we found his reddit account
                this is so sus because his last comment was like 4 months ago...may just be
                    I feel like he would do something like this 🤣

Like he really livestreamed it, then said he doesnt wanna expose his address and then sold it with his address.
        “This ***** said I love you bruh”
        POLICE HE LIVES IN JACKSONVILLE
        Jacksonville,  no thanks, I choose life
        I forgot to say PS4 version if possible
        Counteroffer. I'll give you my happiness...or whatever I can scrape up from somewhere
        you know my cuhh dakota too!?
        Best I can do is $55 and a baby alligator
        Show proof that you have it or no deal. Any carpet photos?
    Still sure you wanna do that?

https://www.vice.com/en/article/bjqzv5/teen-who-sold-a-kidney-for-an-iphone-is-now-bedridden-for-life
        So stay in bed all day playing cyberpunk. I don't see the problem
^It's ^coming



It's coming.......






#IT'S COMING!!!!!!
    Phrasing
        BOOM!
            Danger zoooooone
                Stop! I can only get so erect!
                    There are extentions for that
                damn it ........ I swear to god i had some thing for this .
            *Sploosh!*
        ^I'm ^coming



I'm coming.......






#I'M COMING!!!!!!
    So am I
    let me lay it on the line he had two on the vine

i mean two sets of testicles

*so divine*
        Had a pocket full of horses,

Fucked the shit out of bears. 

He threw a knife into heaven, 

And could kill with a stare.
    The present beware...

The future beware...
        Washington...

Washington...
            Six foot twenty fucking killing for fun.
    So am i
6 seconds of pure happiness
    Title of my sex tape
        Oooooh, self burn! Not that rare nowadays tho
            Not necessarily, not the OP tho. I'm always happy for the first few seconds myself.

You know how you're excited at the proposition, the flirting, getting undressed to whatever degree works, and then the sex begins?

Then you smell the sex, you're keenly aware that someone else in involved, and that they have expectations, and there's going to be clean up afterwards, hopefully.

I'm always happy for the first bit until I realize it's a lot of work, and my desires are always secondary since I'm not a selfish child, and don't treat it like a smash n grab burglary.

Edit: And that, Monica, is why I will never fuck you in the walk in, so please stop.
                It was a B99 reference.
    Coincidentally, that’s the maximum amount of happiness those Amazon warehouse workers experience each week. ￼
        Damn Bezos be so greedy
I feel like a crack head seeing those videos of police taking inventory on a drug barons cocaine supply
    [removed]
        Translation Pharmaceutical CEOs
            GOT EM
Hmm kinda makes me sad that i pre ordered  it on steam 1.5 years ago, the feeling of getting a physical copy at release is always a amazing feeling
    It's a great feeling. But so is preloading a few days before release and playing the second the game goes live.
        Especially because apparently the game goes live at 5pm on 9th my time. I'd be so frustrated if it went live and I spent the evening downloading and had to choose between sleep and playing it.
            I'd choose playing
                10/10 times.
            Oh, the day before, I'm gonna take 10mg of melatonin, fuck my sleep schedule up, and play 2077 through the night.
                Hell yeah brother
                    And then sleep for 24 hours afterwards...
            Oh nice. So I can download it when at work. Come home, and use my last 2 pto days for a 4 day weekend.
            Always choose sleep in that situation, you'll hate yourself the next day if you don't
                Exactly. But it looks like I'll be able to get a few hours in.
            There is going to be a day 1 patch
        It literally never works like that for me though. It generally takes like an hour+ for all the files to unpack. Granted thats better than a 4 hour DL, but still a brutal wait.
            In my experience a decent connection (100mbps+) is *considerably* faster than decrypting a pre-load.
            Considering I got a new Ryzen 9 5900X with 12 cores/24threads..im hoping it will make short work of the unpacking/decryption
        Is preload confirmed?
    Why the fk would you preorder a digital game so early...
        I preordered mine on Amazon because it was $20 off. I’m guessing other people had similar incentives. Or they just wanted to make sure they didn’t spend their money on something else. ￼
            A lot of places, Amazon for sure, don't even charge you until it ships. I preordered a few months ago and they still haven't charged me.
        >Why the fk would you preorder ~~a digital game so early~~
    Yea even though its just a peice of paper in the box, still kinda cool. Maybe some kinda collectors set?
        You know you can buy the collerctors edition. And in the Game box, apart from getting the key code you get the OST on CD?  
On console versions of the Collectors Edition you get the game discs and a digital vesion of the sound track
            You don't need collectors edition for that. The standard edition gives all the stuff. It includes a t shirt, stickers, compendium, postcards, soundtrack disc (pc exclusive) and art book.
                I don't think you get a tshirt for standard. At least not near me.
                    I think the t shirt thing is only for specific countries. They're giving it with the game here in my country.
        Woah so all copies are digital basically?
            No if you look it up 2 disk came in case
            I would assume, pretty much all modern games are like that. With discs you would have to download patches on the first day regaurdless, and it is way cheaper for companys to offer a download vs having to source and manufacture cds.
                The box comes with 2 blu-ray discs. A play disc and a download disc.
                    For console. They are talking about PC.
    The only thing that I'll miss from the physical release is the physical goodie that have been rumored to be inside. I may even pick up a physical copy for ps4 or something JUST for the goodies inside.
    Not during a fucking pandemy
Holy shit guys the time as come.
    And so have I
Makes you ponder, all these separate little boxes, containing each countless hours of fun that will create memories for such an insane amount of different people...
    Like condom boxes
        [deleted]
            Look at this pornstar guy here.
            [deleted]
    Happy cake day friend!
grab me a copy
Keep those copies pristine for us, will you?
    That looks like an amazon warehouse, so I can assure you every disc will be thrown at least once.

Edit: if it makes anyone feel better, most of the throwing happens after it gets put in a box with bubble wrap
        I can confirm. I work there. Every box is supposed to have a substantial amount of packing material, so no worries if it gets thrown around on the way.
            Can't confirm, I work there in pack and less than half the people use dunnage properly. Also we just rolled out new "polybags" that have literally no protective aspect what-so-ever, not even structure. Your items are just loosely strewn into an unrippable grocery bag that no one closes tightly like they should. I would actually prefer they just wrap my stuff in a few layers of Saran wrap because at least then it's a sturdy shape.
        Nah this ain’t FedEx now
            You've never seen Amazon workers throw boxes onto the conveyor and then the truck I'm guessing.
                You’ve never seen FedEx workers throw boxes off the conveyor...
                    I'm not arguing about FedEx. You commented that "this ain't FedEx" on a comment saying that Amazon throws packages, making it seem like that Amazon doesn't but FedEx does. I provided insight into Amazon shipping things to show that yes, Amazon does throw boxes, it isn't just a FedEx thing like you implied with your comment.
Theres no way they could possibly delay this, I think we’re in the clear
    It's like being lost at sea during a violent storm and then the skies clear, then you see birds flying and through the mist dry land appears.
        And you focus your eyes and realize the birds are actually vultures about to pick apart your almost lifeless, starved (soon-to-be) corpse.
            Cybervultures
    They can actually

just because they shipped these to the retailers doesn't mean that they can't delay it again to fix bugs or whatever and then release a day one patch
        I don't think they can honestly because at this point retailers are gonna be sitting on a lot of stock and that will not be good. Plus having that many copies of the most highly anticipated game just sitting around in warehouses is not good. I also don't know if Sony and MS would allow it to happen.
            [deleted]
                They can't do that though because you could just disconnect from the internet if they were gonna push something to prevent it.
                    [deleted]
                        Does it really? I thought it just comes with the disk and you just install it like normal.
                            That's how it works. Just like the dude who leaked the Playstation 4 footage.
                                I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
        Nah they can't delay now. These copies being shipped means that sooner rather than later stores who break street dates will get them. I got Witcher 3 like two weeks early from some mom-and-pop shop for example. This game already will face a pretty uphill battle from people who will spoil wehatever the can online to ruin it for people.

&#x200B;

If CDPR delayed again this would only extend the potential window of spoilers being allowed to run rampant without people getting their hands on the game themselves.
            Two whole weeks? If that same shop did it again you could  get Cyberpunk 2077 tomorrow.  Go there and check.
                I would if I could mate believe me. Burned down a year or so ago sadly. Might check some stores a bit farther away from my area for other stores, though to be real? With this game in particular I probably will just wait for release. The day 1 patch will probably help out a ton with the experience.
                    Damn, CDPR don't fuck around
                        Yeah. But for real man I would expect leaks, like real substantial leaks to get out at the latest by next week around this time. This should be when some of the stores get their inventory delivered and there will be a fair few of them who don't give the FAINTEST of shits if they are selling a game before its supposed release or not.
            [deleted]
                They already are not doing that as we have seen from the leaked footage. Likely because review outlets / reviewers who will need the access soon anyway.

Look I get it. Delay jokes / cynicism is all fine and good. But this game is not getting delay again people alright? When copies leak as they have already? You don't delay again. 

The potential issues caused by a malicious person getting their hands on the game and presenting it under the worst light possible is too big of a concern.

If instead of some pothead a troll stole the game? We ALREADY could have a heavy story spoiler floating around right now. The risk is too great. They won't delay again.
        I thought a day-one patch was already the plan since these went gold before the latest delay?
Tempted much?
    Guessing it’s time to commit another charge of breaking and entering
[deleted]
That cheeky post on r/starterpacks is already starting to age, I see.
    [deleted]
        It was a "Games that will never release" starter pack that has apparently been removed.
            [deleted]
I still haven't seen the backside of the box :(
    It was posted in this reddit days ago by that guy who works at amazon. just sesrch for it its in the comments imgur link
    [Here you go](https://imgix.kotaku.com.au/content/uploads/sites/3/2020/11/18/cyberpunk-2077-packaging-1.jpg?auto=format&fit=fill&q=65&w=1280)
Oh god, imagine being a big fan working there, putting your ethics and morals to the test.


By the time of actual release you'd either A) have played it but might be spending some time in jail B) stole a bunch of copies trying to make a quick buck(like amazon drivers and the ps5 currently) and might be spending some time in jail or C) shown to the very least yourself that you are a stand up human with good impulse control and don't steal other people's shit.
    Its a good thing im not handeling these copies...I live my life pretty much by the book but i dont know if i would able to control myself.
    Hmm I dunno, if this is amazon or something and this is just stock I think I would probably just steal one. Theres no way the consequences for stealing one copy wouldnt be worth it. Who cares about my job if I get to play cyberpunk 20 days early.
        > There’s no way the consequences for stealing one copy wouldn’t be worth it. Who cares about my job if I get to play cyberpunk 20 days later

This is literally one of the dumbest things I’ve read
            I mean working at the amazon warehouse is a shit job. If you were talking about a good job it'd be dumb af. But it's a shit job so that's just good sense
    What? You won't get to jail for stealing a $60 game... especially not if you wouldn't record it and leak it.
        Depends, If you steal $500 or more worth of it and try to sell it off you'll be looking at quite some time >500 is grand larceny in most if not all states. Selling it is another crime...

If its a delivery and you steal just one copy, thats mail theft. BAM 5 years if you are an employee.
    Who gives a fuck about the ethics of stealing from Amazon lmao I'm sure Jeff can lose a bit of money with his 100+ billion usd networth, losing your job on the other hand...
        Its a random guy who loses money and his game if someone steals this not jeff bezos you fuck
        I remember when ethics and morals actually meant something.
Communism is a hell of a drug.
This really is it...
Lmao this did not age well. Sadly, I fell for this scam too, I got the PS4 version
So this is how heaven looks like.
One of the PS4 versions is mine! 

(or a similar one is in a warehouse somewhere...)
Just bought a 49” monitor and now waiting for a 3090 to maximize this beastly game.
Credit :   Louis Eecobedo-Rivera
    Surreeeee, blame the Mexicans for everything. /s
        He didn't steal anything and didn't show spoilers of the game.
            I was alluding more towards the likelihood that whoever took this video probably shouldn't have.
[removed]
    You're probably joking. But if you aren't. Please don't do it. We love you <3
    Don't do it, Heroic Onion.  If you cut yourself we will cry
    I hope you're joking, don't do it, think of the DLC. You remember The Witcher 3's DLCs, right? Now imagine how Cyberpunk's 2077 ones are going to be.
        what did he say the mods removed it for some reason

controversial or just dicking on the game without playing it?
    Please be a joke. The world needs a heroic onion.
[deleted]
2013...

I feel like Sirius Black in Azkaban: "I did my waiting!".
Another 2 damn weeks. Stores everywhere are already getting these in and they are going to sit another 2 weeks. Sigh.
look at all those alpha builds
WE FOUND THE TREASURE TROVE BOYS.
I wish PC games still had hard copies with the fancy cases with the openable flap with game info and stuff.  I remember Diablo 3 had that and inside it had a fancy notepad and everything .
    This game does. However it comes with a GOG code.
Wish you could dive into them all, like Scrooge McDuck into a pile of money
You just made so many people's day. Mine included.

The countdown begins!
Wake the fuck up cyberpunk fans, we’ve got a warehouse to raid.
You think Florida Man was the only person to steal a copy? Best believe there are a few others out there who have stolen a copy and is playing on their Playstation and Xbox. They are smart about it and not streaming it.

Imagine, they are probably deep into the game now, experiencing things that marketing has yet shown.

MAJOR spoilers could literally drop at any time.
The launch date update is going to be epic...
🤤🤤🤤 *drrrooooooliinngg
    yall better be ready to walk across the entire country with a little yellow box on your back on dec 10
Why is this so beautiful
If I wanna play on ps5 do I just get a ps4 copy?
    Yes
Amazon warehouse by the looks of it.
Crazy to see how close we are to release
Some dude lost his job for posting a picture of the ps5s in a warehouse prerelease be careful lol
    Yeah he pretty much broke Amazon policy but shhh no one needs to know
I have pre-ordered via Amazon India and while the game does not come out till December 10th it says it's "expected by November 28th"
Just imagine installing 60GB game from physical media that's absolutely useless without 10+GB launch day patch and will be used as glorified code card when upgrading to next gen console version.
    This happened to me with Half Life 2.  Found a Best Buy (?) that was selling them early but after I installed it I couldn't play because it required an auth with Steam. They obviously weren't allowing that until launch day.
    Well... I'll let you know if that happens. I ordered the physical copies. To my understanding, the game is playable on the disc alone, but I guess I'll find out.
        It might be playable, it might contain few game breaking bugs, you may not even encounter the bugs if you're lucky, but pushing back launch 20 days after announcing going gold isn't exactly 'just for fun' decision. They actually had to fix something, that would have been more expensive than delay.
            I told someone else this but honestly... I don't think this last delay was an insue with the actual game. I think it was a *shipping* issue. 

I work in a factory, in an area with a lot of factories. We've all been having some heavy issues with shipping and receiving products on time. That link on the consumer chain has been hit pretty hard this year. It was already a hardpressed industry but with covid, its been made worse. 

This would also explain why it was such a *short* delay. A month isn't really enough to do anything with a gamebreaking bug. But it *is* just enough time to make sure those last transport planes, boats and/or trucks can make it to their stores in time.
                But all the consoles by now have digital purchase channels, right? The physical copy is just nice to have thing? Or preferred by people with crappy internet.
                    Not sure what you mean by "digital purchase channel". (Not familiar with that exact term) You mean like the Xbox Store or the PS Store? If yes, then yeah. We have those. However...

I could see the monumental cluster-f-ck of telling the A-holes like me that we have to wait an extra month to get our game because we made the "sin" of pre-ordering a physical copy and everyone else gets theirs on-time. Especially the people like me who dished oit extra for the collectors editions to show our support for the company.

I could also see the equally disasterous outcome of telling the digital users that they're waiting on the physical copies to be in place because "wtf?! Ours aren't physical! Just let us download our game!" (ETA: even you guys basically do this anyway for any game release. Afterall... the game is "done" months before it hits shelves, right? Why not just let you download it then? Because, release embargos.)

This solution, *quietly* delaying the game 30 more days and saying it's about last minute polishing, avoids the fallout that would come with the above 2 options. Yes, they still got flack but not nearly as much as the above 2 situations would have caused. 

Plus, there might be contracts about game releases to avoid one seller having the ability to sell it before another. Ie: it might break those contracts if Xbox and Playstation can sell their digital copies before Gamestop/Wal-Mart/etc can sell their physical copies. So they might *have* to release it all on the same day, and you know as well as I do, people aren't going to want to hear that. They'd scream about the "perfectly playable game" being withheld anyway.
WOW!! I'm so hyped!!! ✨
thats a wonderful sight to see
Pleae grab me a copy early pleae
Hand it over
I swear this post reminds me of the one I saw on r/gaming with Fallout 4. Although I initially imagined they would be in a reinforced wooden crate.
YEET
IT'S REAL!!! IT EXISTS!!!
IT'S ALL YELLOW
Uuugh, that must hurt! Being so close to the honey yet you can't taste it :(
    If you wanna commit a felony you can
So this is what it feels like to take an excessive amount of Viagra.
Yellow boxes, Yellow Covers,

It's a Trap!
I think it’s safe to say that it won’t be delayed now. Don’t quote me, but I have hope.
ok so we now know for suuuuure there wont be any more delays... yeeee
I just got that feeling in my stomach after seeing this and just realized December 10 is mad close.
ITS HAPPENING! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
 😳
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS IT NOT BEING DELAYED FUCKING FINALLLLLLLLYYYYYYYY
Good thing I don't work there. I would be seen burying my head in the bins sniffing and inhaling the sweet new game aroma, while stripping and rubbing yellow paint all over my body.
Oh my god, okay it's happening everybody stay calm.
Where is the Wii U version?
    Wheres nintenfo switch lite version 😡😡😡🤬
I don’t think the game is going to get delayed again
Don’t do it...
There's gotta be at least 2077 of them!
MMMMMM what a beautful siiighttt. Blessings to this, and BLESSINGS to YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU.
They're probably just all digital codes and there's another delay incoming
can't wait to play this two more delays from now!
    *2 weeks*
I dislike Xbox one game spines that aren't standard gunmetal Grey. Guess in getting the Ps4 version.
The game could be in my hands and i'll still be saying "This is going to be delayed again"
Any takers on which big box retailers "accidentally" breaks the street date?
At least unlike the PS5 everyone who wants a copy will be able to get one
14 days! Hope my local retailer will have a midnight launch.
We're in the endgame now...
I'm very happy they have the cool paper cover like the witcher. 

I dont understand the "I want all digital" type people. The witcher 3 came with a cd full of beautiful music, stickers, a beautiful map, a manual / lore book etc. And the best part is that it will be mine for ever. I don't just rent a license like the digital version. I actually own a fucking copy. 


Not to mention. The ps4 digital preorder for CP2077 is 70 euro or something. When a retail preorder that Incudes l the great things is 50/55
Hey it's me ur frend
JUST SHOVE THEM UP MY ASS until my prostate gushes out
    Jesus, lmao.
    Wha
    ???
    hahaha wtf
    Found the kinky Biden voter.
Xbox One *chills*
50gb disk, with a 4mb installer that requires the rest to be downloaded
iT wIlL bE dELaYeD aGaIN uNtiL 2077 heHE LmAo eKsdEe
The last time I was this hyped for a game releasing was Modern Warfare 2...that same level of kiddy excitement has resurfaced
Posting this shit in NNN. Needs a NSFW tag...
    NNN just turned into DDD.
    r/NNN
The temptation to steal one would be too high. I've always enjoyed cd projects packaging
Does anyone remember the H1Z1 hype? I think everyone is going to be in for a tough ride, I stopped giving a rats ass after that rollercoaster!
Looooooolllll
CD could advance the launch as they are sending copies to stores... 👀
    No they won't.
    That would defeat the point of delaying it to patch the game up more.
So a bunch of installation discs. Any ideas how big the download will be for the actual game?
Theft is not wrong when it's for a good cause
Oh boy. This is a welcoming sight to see. Is this the closest we’ve been to actually getting the game? I don’t foresee them delaying again if they already got these shipped out.
I’ll give you 1000 dollars and a baby alligator for one copy
Got any PC copies in there?  No?  Then I don't care.  Only thing I care is that December 10 is the legit release date and this video sets it in stone.  Thanks for posting this!
Steal one for me, im poor 🥺 lol
Fuck Amazon
Now show the box for Switch gamers
so? 

doesn't mean they are going to keep the most recent release date lets not forget they confirmed NOV 19 and then next day issued the new Dec 10 date....don't trust the fuckers on release dates they have proven three times to be bad at them
Imagine going into a store and buying a physical box to play a video game. What is this, Cyberpunk 1977?
I need a tissue. Got some man juice dripping out over here.
Anyone know why the obsession with yellow and red colour ?
I can wait till 10th december but can someone explain to me why they dont just sell it if its already out there? just because of the day one patch? Not trying to be an ass, its a genuine question, I seriously dont know
    [deleted]
        Thank you for the answer. Might be the first game I‘m going to wait on - usually my games-shop sells new games 1-2 days before release, but if they really just postponed it for the patch it might be better to wait until its official released
Even the boxes are yellow
I really hope all your hopes for this game aren't met and you don't enjoy it
So no more delays? Cool
Glad I'm not there, wouldn't be able to not steal.
Spoilers are fair game after 72 hours.
They should make the cases thinner. Less plastic is always a good thing.
I'm getting an erection looking at this
Ok.. So, why was this game delayed again?
    Because of a day 1 patch games being in warehouses up to 2 months before release is common.
    This is a wild, off the wall guess based on my own recent experiences at work but... I think it was a shipping issue. Many factories and other industries have been having problems with shipping and recieving lately fir a number of reasons all leading back to covid. Wouldn't surprise me if it caused them issues too. Would also explain why it was such a short, last minute, delay too.
        Would be depressing if that would be the case, considering digital downloads are a valid option in this day and age. Not to mention they had delayed the game by so much they could've probably easily prepared if this was an issue.
Fuck amazon
LuL, physical copies still a thing?
Dont buy from Amazon, buy from someplace else.
    Just pre-ordered from Amazon 👍🏿
        Congrats on supporting a monopolistic company when you could've bought directly from CDPR.
My eyes just Enlightened.
Dunno why now I get triggered every time I see yellow on this sub. I think I have PTSD lol
Help a brotha out.
Yellow Screens of Joy
but where are the balloons ??!
Damn gotta be waiting hyped for the release
I look at that and am so happy i'm not a console gamer.

I suspect getting a physical copy may end up as hard to get as the new GPU's.
Where are the physical PC boxes?
OH YES BABY I LIKE WHAT I SEE BABY
Wya??? I just wanna take a peak
It so crazy to see it after all these years
I wasn’t going to get a physical copy but they sure do look juicy
Do all copies have the slide over sleeve? I keep seeing that
u/savevideo
Show me mine, I ordered digital ;-)
Those are the posts when you tell yourself "Theres no way they will delay it anymore".   
[No way indeed](https://media.tenor.com/images/78ed59c71a9472e868490638d61d23e6/tenor.gif)
Hnnnnnnnng
Hope it holds up to my Xbox DVR
Is it consoles only, or a PC version too?
That cured my Xanthophobia.
Glad it’s safe to get hype again. Not long now
I’m only burning my half...all you care about is money. This city deserves a better class a of criminal.
Don't tease me 😔
Would be hard not to just grab one.  Just a few more day, we've waited years!
Hmm..pretty thick...but still not enough thick for the stuff inside like map,stickers,world compendium etc...
Soon, soon my brothers
Oh yes it is!
This is were the fun begins
How they can resist to taking one
Any chance I’ll get my Amazon copy a day early?
Lots of yellow in this clip 💛
Wheeeeeere are the XBOXES?!
I watched 3 times your video to be sure what i'm watching.. The hype is real, is not a cyberdream :)
If you buy a physical copy and activate on gog, you can still open it through steam by adding non steam game right?
I bought my new computer specifically for this game, but I am still tempted to go to a few stores to see if they will break the sell date.

But I am trying to hold out because I have a PS4 and I know  the first time I play it experience will be so much better on PC.
Two of those will be mine soon 😍

Since the last delay and the actual release I will have lost another year tho. Damn you CDPR 🤣
It's all just... yellow
Hypothetically speaking what If OP took one without anyone knowing?
That’s... a lot of yellow
You have more restraint than I do. I'd probably have stuffed one in my coat and made break for it before never being heard from for several months.
So they're all made yet we still have to wait two weeks? Must be a bunch of updates they'll release online at launch.
    First time?
Holllllyyyyyyy Shhhhiiittteeeeee🤯🤯😅
If only they made this many PS5s or 3080s
fucking shit!

ive been refreshing my local mom and pop to hopefully get an early copy.
Oh god... all that yellow...
Its stupid to say, but i like that there is a sleeve
Wait, I didn't see the Steam versions anywhere....
Is the ps5 and series x version releasing on the 10th as well?
comeon just send me one! pls?
Man they even got the crates in on the marketing...
I plan on playing it next year sometime, the trick will be avoiding spoilers until then.
Where are the collectors editions!?!??!
maybe this is a stupid question, but if I buy the cyberpunk disc version for Xbox one I won't be able to upgrade to Xbox SX, right?
    You will good sir! Its Xbox whom first announced the upgrade, PlayStation just followed the king!
I bet you must been like

"MUST RESIST. I CANT PICK ONE"
Gimme that shit !
....there's a massive problem...nobody here has their copy yet...and the person posting the video hasn't offered a sale, trade or blackmail to get them.   


\#InconsiderateRanting

&#x200B;

LOL
if they have physical copies right now so, are they working on that "fine tuning" for which we got 21 days delay , in a day one patch format?
Heavy breathing...
Even the boxes are yellow.. this is really happening
Damn, starting to regain hope
I am at a point where this hyped me more about the game than the trailers and NCW episodes.
One of these bad bois is coming to me \^\_\^
Damn that is satisfying
[You know what it is.](https://youtu.be/UePtoxDhJSw)
Looks like heaven
I just came
I like the immense attention to detail of how the crates match the game cover.
I’ll take your entire stock
They're even in delay yellow boxes. Just so they get delayed in transit to the store. How thoughtful of them.
u/savevideo
Well if it wasn’t already confirmed there is now no more delays at all
I guess the release date is finally final this time around.
    I mean, they even said the delay was not needed the last time, but they wanted to do it  "for that little extra" of fine tuning. I always thought that was bullshit since they already delayed it a couple of times for extra fine tuning. After the internet blew up, I knew there was no way they would delay again. It would've been suicide.
        It was just trying to make the game work on Xbox One and PS4. They said it's fine on Series S|X and PS5 and PC. Remember when a game is made available for the One and PS4 they need to also work on the shittier launch consoles not just the One X and PS4 Pro.
            I cant wait until that is no longer the case
                As someone on an original xbox one i almost wish this was the case. Part of me thinks it would have been better to not have the option to buy it without a new console/pc.

But the horrific supply issue for new consoles/pc made me cave and buy it.
                    I had one preordered but was lucky enough to win one instead. I think honestly I'd be less pissed if the game came out back in April before the new consoles launched.
                        Most people aren't even fortunate enough to have finances to buy one but this guy did and wins one anyway!
                            Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
                                Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
                                Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
                        You should give one to a good friend or someone who is down on there funds would be a nice thing.

Ps. I’m down on funds
                            Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
                    Damn this reminds me that the XOne ran games at 900p back when it released, that's probably still the case with more demanding stuff...
                        Yeah im worried it is gonna be unplayable but i can always not play it until the supply & demand equalises.

Its mad this is first time in my gaming life i can afford both consoles at launch but cant physically get either lol!
                            But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
                    I mean at least when you get the next gen console you’ll be able to replay it on the next gen version if it’s out when you get the next gen console.
                    Just wait a couple months for Nvidia to release their midrange cards and restock up on the cards they're selling now.
Well be a great time to build a PC then
                I was floored when I learned that Cyberpunk wouldn't be a next gen game
                same! I was able to upgrade to a Series X so I'm excited to play it!
                Unfortunately it’s looking like the Series S might take that place this gen
                    nah, devs are telling microsoft to fuck off somewhere else with that shitbox, 20CUs is supposed to handle Ray tracing when the series X has 2060 RT performance? Give me a break. the 2060 can't even do RT properly at 1080p, let alone 4k even if its the upscaled crap. Right away devs are coming out and saying, no idiots, the series S will not support RT in ANY FORM. Not even shadows. Don't get me wrong, for $300, the series S is not bad if ur original Xbox breaks and U just wanna play older games. But if you have an xbox one X, zero reason to upgrade, and for next gen games it clearly won't run them properly even 2 years from now. Plus the nonexistent storage, black ops, warzone, and MW can't even all fit on their microscopic storage and charging $250 for their 1TB expansion is a joke.
                Even so the new consoles have mid tier components even today
                Yes, can consoles just please die already? then developers can just focus on making the best possible games and just release to PC
            They said this is the case, but in the recent hands on preview that the media had, they said there were a load of visual bugs so it wasn't just delayed due to last gen consoles (although I don't doubt that was a big factor)
                if the game is not delayed bc of the turds then why is there no turd gameplay? Notice how BOTH companies have only shown ps4 pro and ps5/xbox one x /series x. That's no accident from CDPR. People are gonna be shocked at how bad it looks on such terrible hardware.
            Not that it matters, but I honestly don't buy this explanation whatsoever. They were developing 2077 from the ground up for the standard consoles since before even the One X and Pro launched (and btw only about 1/5 PS4 owners have a Pro, same for Xbox).

I think that was just a marketing tactic to spin the delay into something that could hype the game up as a "true next-gen experience." Softens the blow a little.
                Yes they did start on the One and PS4. Then they were given access to the new tech and said "hey we can make this even better" and added a bunch more and now it's straining the old tech. You can argue that's poor management and I'd agree you'd have a case there but to say it's a flat out lie is just ignorant.
                    exactly, there is nothing they can do about crap hardware, and this generation is by far the worst of all time for consoles in terms of hardware. Never, EVER, has a cheap laptop igpu and a fucking PHONE cpu been faster than a console. Back in the ps2 days, consoles were almost as fast, even faster at some points, than PC. The hardware in the xbone and ps4 is a joke. Even Sony and microsoft know that, because they put real CPUs and much better tier (even for the time) gpus in the ps5 and series X
                [deleted]
                    They're also designed to run on the current generation.
                        Except that, if we are being honest, the original Xbox one and ps4 are severely underpowered consoles. Yeah, cyberpunk may have initially started its development for them. But it’s been clear for a long, long time now that this is a next gen game they were going to have to gut the fuck out of to get it to barely run on previous gen consoles. The ps5/Xbox series x signify one of, if not the biggest, leap in generational console performance ever. Cyberpunk is a massive game using cutting edge tech. A 7 year old console that was fairly low powered even when it released (mostly because of the hdd) is going to fucking struggle to run this game. The minimum pc requirement for 2077 are a fair bit more powerful than last gen consoles, and that’s not even touching upon the recommended specs. Be prepared for this game to run and look like ass on previous gen.
            I'm really feeling this with Valhalla on my original PS4. I'm still having loads of fun, but the cut scenes are glitchy and sometimes I have framerate drops.
                Ive heard the one and PS4 versions had more bugs. I sense thats going to be an issue with most if not all cross platform games.
            I remember the start of last gen. I bought dragon age inquisition for the fing xbox360. Never again.... Never again. 

Thank you, CDRed
            And it looks like its playing fine enough as is from the leaked videos of people playing on ps4 so....grrrrr
                I haven't watched it but I still appreciate CDPR wanting to make this as good as possible. I just hope in the future they'll do indefinite delays or longer delays so they dont announce four or five different dates.
            I still don't believe "making it work on consoles that have already been out for years" lol
            I thought it was stadia that was the problem child
                Stadia IS a problem child but I think the game itself is just the PC version that gets loaded onto a special server at google so on the dev side i dont think theres any special work to do for that. I could be wrong though.
            I have no doubt that the 2 weeks made it better on the OG XBox One and PS4, but the issue where I say it was bullshit was the 2 weeks delay after they already had 3 delays. Like they didn’t know they were struggling with the performance then? Of course they knew and they just hoped it would be ready by the nov deadline. And then they mentioned they could release it, but they just wanted that LITTLE bit extra time, and we found out it was for the OG consoles. Poor project management. If the older consoles struggled, then they should’ve played it extra safe the last delay and set the date into December in the first place. 

Hindsight is 20/20 for sure, but the multiple delays tells me they know fuck all what they are doing on releasing the game on their timeline. They made the mistake of releasing these dates over and over and not managing the time to adhere to those dates. That’s all.
                Covid didn't help... Imagine how much time they lost during the first shutdown this year or any subsequent. It's easy to sit on the bench and critique but it truly sounds like you know fuck all about how this works. At the end of the day any customer should prefer a project with delays more than a shit project released. Especially if those are your only options. Thier last delay was for a day 1 patch and I personally appreciate that. 

If this is your expert barstool opinion what would it be if it was an unplayable mess on early gen consoles.
             I hate how PS4 and Xbox One drag down the game and gaming in general. CDPR should just release Cyberpunk 2077 for PC (and PS5/Series X) and release the old versions when they're ready a few weeks/months later. Console players have to wait either way with these delays, might as well allow the people with systems who can run the game to actually play it.

I can't wait until gaming isn't held back by the Xbox One and PS4 anymore, and I really hope neither Sony or MS continue holding gaming development back to work with an 8 year old console.
            I heard the exact opposite- that the current-gen builds were fine on both current and new consoles, but that the next-gen-native versions weren't quite ready yet.
            Should’ve axed last gen. Forget them.
                Being someone that was able to buy a next gen console I'm inclined to agree but I also would feel bad for people that weren't able to upgrade.
        Absolutely no way they would delay it again and miss out on all the holiday sales.
            Even if they wanted to, so many locations would break street date with these things out there.  It seems like it'd be a nightmare.

I feel like the most we get is them pre-announcing patches that might not be ready on day 1.
        I don't know, the October version supposedly worked fine on PS4 for that streamer who got a leaked copy.
            Yeah, I can almost believe the issues they saw with it was nit picky at best and most, if not all, gamers on those platforms wouldn’t have noticed the issue. The idea that they only get one launch is real, but if that was the case, then give yourself extra time to make damn sure you stick to the release date. The poor project/time management is what gets me with the release of this game.
        “Fine tuning” lol. It was because the election took all the attention that week
            So they made a huge decision that they knew would cause issues bc of the lack of attention they were getting?
    The game went gold, so we already knew they were manufacturing physical copies (and probably uploaded digital versions for distribution).  The issue is that the version of the game currently on these discs was unsatisfying enough for them to decide that they need more development time to create a day 1 patch for it.  These physical discs won't see the light of day until they have a (to-be patched) version that they are happy with, which means they could feasibly delay again.
        Yeah, but all that inventory sitting everywhere makes for a ticking leaky time bomb of a liability.
            That's a good point.  We already have a review green-light, though, so I imagine there isn't too much liability involved with having the inventory out?  Also, I imagine they may not be distributing until they're more sure about their timetable...but then again what do I know, I'm just a dude with a computer!
            Yup. We know of at least one copy that already got leaked. And I used to frequent this game store that would always sell games they weren't suppose to sell yet to regular customers. You just had to ask.

Unfortunately they don't sell PC games. Otherwise I might have tried to get an early copy there.
        You make a good point, but the fact that these discs are being produced suggests a confidence in the release date. Then again this may mean nothing, as a CDPR dev said it would take a natural disaster to delay cyberpunk past its November date, and we all know how that turned out
            Well, what I'm saying is that the game went gold (i.e. sent away for manufacturing), and THEN they delayed it to Dec. 10.  So...while this post is nice, it doesn't really inspire any confidence for me that they won't delay again.
                From a business point of view, they would want to maximise the Christmas period for sales. As gifts, spontaneous downloads for casual gamers, random downloads from people getting a PS5/Xbox etc That's so much money, they are turning away.
                It would be extremely stupid for them to delay again lmao, chill out.
                    I'm not saying that isn't true, I'm just saying that seeing physical copies isn't really evidence to that fact.  It's unlikely that they'll delay again, but not outside the realm of possibility.
                True, but I do think it won't be delayed again just because CDPR knows people will be so incredibly pissed
    Looks like inbound at an Amazon facility, so yeah it's happening.
    No take backs
    Those physical copies have probably been printed months ago. All the stuff they're working on now can be patched.
I wish it was like this for 3080's, PS5's and XBOXSX.....
    Distill.io

Set it up right and you'll get a ping as soon as they pop in Newegg or bestbuy. All the other stores aren't as reliable. Bots aren't really sniping them now, at least they weren't a month ago. Just people are still camping the links to resell cards
        **I found links in your comment that were not hyperlinked:**

* [Distill.io](https://Distill.io)

*I did the honors for you.*

***

^[delete](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fu%2FLinkifyBot&subject=delete%20gdh5o2l&message=Click%20the%20send%20button%20to%20delete%20the%20false%20positive.) ^| ^[information](https://np.reddit.com/u/LinkifyBot/comments/gkkf7p) ^| ^<3
With the luck I’ve had with consoles the video is actually just a scalper’s living room.
Not pictured: 85GB day one update.
Yeah but prepare yourself for a massive Day 0 patch
I've been out of gaming for a long time, but now my kids are getting into it.  At this point I just assumed everything was a download.  Are disks / cartridges still a big thing?  Are some games only available in a box?  Otherwise why would you wait for it to be shipped?
    This year especially it has moved to digital, something like %60 of sales now are digital whereas last year it was %60 physical. People like owning physical copies so they can resell it, plus less you have to download usually. Also you can get the digital version with a physical copy, so if you preorder the game you can download it early

on pc its %100 digital.
    Yes, I mean at launch there isn't much reason to get a disc unless your internet is crap or a collectors edition  but games that have been out for 6+ months are a lot cheaper to buy on disc than digital
Ok, Kreig, calm down now.
    LICK THE WOMBAT!  FLAY UNTIL DAWN!
        I HAVE THE SHINIEST MEAT BICYCLE
            AND MY AXE
            I’M THE CONDUCTOR OF THE **POOP TRAIN**!
                choo choo
    THIS IS YELLOW! I SPECIFICALLY WANTED ORANGE!!!
        I think we've had enough orange since the last leap year.
            At last the pumpkin is being thrown in the trash.
    You literally made me do a spit take with my coffee 🤣🤣🤣
Redacted comment ` this post was mass deleted with www.Redact.dev `
    #I'LL MAKE YOU MY MEAT BICYCLE!
    #**"I'M THE CONDUCTOR OF THE POOP TRAIN!"**
        "I FEEL A TIZZY.....TIME FOR A RAMPAGE"
            "I WILL MAKE MY COCKATEEL FOR THE THUNERAGE SLAUGHTER"
                "I LIKE MY LOOT LIKE MY BABY STEAKS!

RARE!"
    #**"MOTHERFUCKIN' SEE YA!"**
    #NIPPLE SALADS
    SOMEONE DELIVERED A **FEAST**!!!
I wonder what happens when you snort cd-disk dust. Well, I'm about to find out.
    [You can find out here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkW-Wh42gq0)
        There's no fucking way I'm clicking that link :D
            I clicked for you.

I don't know what I just watched.

All I know is it was kinda cringe, while at the same time an accurate representation of how some people react to new Halo games lol
                Believe it or not, this was the pinnacle of internet humor circa 2010.
                    I was more an insanity wolf kinda fella back then.

Edit: This gonna come across as very "get off my lawn" but honestly I liked memes more when they were just advice animals and rage comics.

Shit nowadays is weak IMO.
            Live a little, hahah
            Its an Egoraptor video, you should absolutely click it
                Yeah, I saw that years ago when it came out on Newgrounds. I had some pretty dark expectations ngl
Inject the memes into my bloodstream
    If you stolen my memes then you owe me a fresh new pair of memes.
Injecting a crushed up CD would be a pretty cyberpunk way to die.
It's gonna have to be a slow drip IV
HOP ON THE MEAT TRAIN. CHOO CHOO
It is an extremely glaring yellow isnt it. I wonder what the creative process was for it being the thematic color
    I think it's fantastic. first trailer for cyberpunk came out in 2013, and for the last 7 years if I see anything remotely resembling that shade of yellow I immediately think "CYBERPUNK 2077"

I have an old mug that I use for tea, it's yellow. that mug had grandkids before cyberpunk was conceieved, it owned that yellow for generations.

then boom, cyberpunk comes along with this ludicrously garish yellow motif/theme... and now that mug is my "cyberpunk 2077 mug"
        This comment has been removed from reddit to protest the API changes.

https://join-lemmy.org/
            Yeah, they were called cuphead and mugman!
                touche
        That first trailer predominantly used red though, as did the first E3 reveal (to connect it to the first teaser in 2013.)
        The original trailer came out in 2013? Sorry, I’ve only recently started paying attention to it. I did remember the Keanu thing last year?
            Correct. [This teaser](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DvVjkqB3LH0&t=16s) came out in 2013.
        Yea I bought I hoodie in that color. Every time I see it I think CyberPunk
    [deleted]
        It's provocative, it gets the people going.
            Ball so hard mfs wanna fine me
                that shit cray!
            No it's not it-
                GETS THE PEOPLE GOING
            Lady Humps by The Black Eyed Peas
        Someone needs to tweet them and ask if they'll be changing their name to cd projekt yellow
            They’ll say yes and then delay it
MM you have stared yellow and conquered it. You will never again fear the color YELLOW! MM yes, blessings.
that shade of yellow will give you nightmares after working in an Amazon warehouse for a bit
Best I can do is 85$ and you gotta pick it up local Jacksonville, FL
    You know what , i don’t want it THAT bad anymore
        I’m not going to gator land, even if it is for Cyberpunk!
            I live here it's not so bad. Just don't talk to anyone with an obvious nickname. If they introduce themselves and it's a nickname, just turn around and run away.
                Florida Man....
                    The chances of running into Florida Man are directly proportional to how stupid you yourself are being.   


0% is not being in Florida and 100% is you are Florida man.
                        .....how does functional alcoholism factor into that?
                            That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
                                Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
                They call me the tambourine man, funny story about that...  Hey!  Where you going?  Come back!
        Redacted comment ` this post was mass deleted with www.Redact.dev `
            30 dollar tops and am leaving.
            Cuh.....bruh....
        **GIVE HIM UR HAPPINESS**
            Sadly that won't be possible :(
    Is this Jason Mendoza or Donkey Doug?
        BLAKE BORTLEEEEEEEEEES
    200 eu and shipping to the Netherlands.
    You fr fr about that $85 ??? Because I’m in Jacksonville
        Is your name shaun by any chance
            No it's Jianyu, he's a Taiwanese Buddhist monk
        guys we found his reddit account
            this is so sus because his last comment was like 4 months ago...may just be
                I feel like he would do something like this 🤣

Like he really livestreamed it, then said he doesnt wanna expose his address and then sold it with his address.
    “This ***** said I love you bruh”
    POLICE HE LIVES IN JACKSONVILLE
    Jacksonville,  no thanks, I choose life
    I forgot to say PS4 version if possible
    Counteroffer. I'll give you my happiness...or whatever I can scrape up from somewhere
    you know my cuhh dakota too!?
    Best I can do is $55 and a baby alligator
    Show proof that you have it or no deal. Any carpet photos?
Still sure you wanna do that?

https://www.vice.com/en/article/bjqzv5/teen-who-sold-a-kidney-for-an-iphone-is-now-bedridden-for-life
    So stay in bed all day playing cyberpunk. I don't see the problem
Phrasing
    BOOM!
        Danger zoooooone
            Stop! I can only get so erect!
                There are extentions for that
            damn it ........ I swear to god i had some thing for this .
        *Sploosh!*
    ^I'm ^coming



I'm coming.......






#I'M COMING!!!!!!
So am I
let me lay it on the line he had two on the vine

i mean two sets of testicles

*so divine*
    Had a pocket full of horses,

Fucked the shit out of bears. 

He threw a knife into heaven, 

And could kill with a stare.
The present beware...

The future beware...
    Washington...

Washington...
        Six foot twenty fucking killing for fun.
So am i
Title of my sex tape
    Oooooh, self burn! Not that rare nowadays tho
        Not necessarily, not the OP tho. I'm always happy for the first few seconds myself.

You know how you're excited at the proposition, the flirting, getting undressed to whatever degree works, and then the sex begins?

Then you smell the sex, you're keenly aware that someone else in involved, and that they have expectations, and there's going to be clean up afterwards, hopefully.

I'm always happy for the first bit until I realize it's a lot of work, and my desires are always secondary since I'm not a selfish child, and don't treat it like a smash n grab burglary.

Edit: And that, Monica, is why I will never fuck you in the walk in, so please stop.
            It was a B99 reference.
Coincidentally, that’s the maximum amount of happiness those Amazon warehouse workers experience each week. ￼
    Damn Bezos be so greedy
[removed]
    Translation Pharmaceutical CEOs
        GOT EM
It's a great feeling. But so is preloading a few days before release and playing the second the game goes live.
    Especially because apparently the game goes live at 5pm on 9th my time. I'd be so frustrated if it went live and I spent the evening downloading and had to choose between sleep and playing it.
        I'd choose playing
            10/10 times.
        Oh, the day before, I'm gonna take 10mg of melatonin, fuck my sleep schedule up, and play 2077 through the night.
            Hell yeah brother
                And then sleep for 24 hours afterwards...
        Oh nice. So I can download it when at work. Come home, and use my last 2 pto days for a 4 day weekend.
        Always choose sleep in that situation, you'll hate yourself the next day if you don't
            Exactly. But it looks like I'll be able to get a few hours in.
        There is going to be a day 1 patch
    It literally never works like that for me though. It generally takes like an hour+ for all the files to unpack. Granted thats better than a 4 hour DL, but still a brutal wait.
        In my experience a decent connection (100mbps+) is *considerably* faster than decrypting a pre-load.
        Considering I got a new Ryzen 9 5900X with 12 cores/24threads..im hoping it will make short work of the unpacking/decryption
    Is preload confirmed?
Why the fk would you preorder a digital game so early...
    I preordered mine on Amazon because it was $20 off. I’m guessing other people had similar incentives. Or they just wanted to make sure they didn’t spend their money on something else. ￼
        A lot of places, Amazon for sure, don't even charge you until it ships. I preordered a few months ago and they still haven't charged me.
    >Why the fk would you preorder ~~a digital game so early~~
Yea even though its just a peice of paper in the box, still kinda cool. Maybe some kinda collectors set?
    You know you can buy the collerctors edition. And in the Game box, apart from getting the key code you get the OST on CD?  
On console versions of the Collectors Edition you get the game discs and a digital vesion of the sound track
        You don't need collectors edition for that. The standard edition gives all the stuff. It includes a t shirt, stickers, compendium, postcards, soundtrack disc (pc exclusive) and art book.
            I don't think you get a tshirt for standard. At least not near me.
                I think the t shirt thing is only for specific countries. They're giving it with the game here in my country.
    Woah so all copies are digital basically?
        No if you look it up 2 disk came in case
        I would assume, pretty much all modern games are like that. With discs you would have to download patches on the first day regaurdless, and it is way cheaper for companys to offer a download vs having to source and manufacture cds.
            The box comes with 2 blu-ray discs. A play disc and a download disc.
                For console. They are talking about PC.
The only thing that I'll miss from the physical release is the physical goodie that have been rumored to be inside. I may even pick up a physical copy for ps4 or something JUST for the goodies inside.
Not during a fucking pandemy
And so have I
Like condom boxes
    [deleted]
        Look at this pornstar guy here.
        [deleted]
Happy cake day friend!
That looks like an amazon warehouse, so I can assure you every disc will be thrown at least once.

Edit: if it makes anyone feel better, most of the throwing happens after it gets put in a box with bubble wrap
    I can confirm. I work there. Every box is supposed to have a substantial amount of packing material, so no worries if it gets thrown around on the way.
        Can't confirm, I work there in pack and less than half the people use dunnage properly. Also we just rolled out new "polybags" that have literally no protective aspect what-so-ever, not even structure. Your items are just loosely strewn into an unrippable grocery bag that no one closes tightly like they should. I would actually prefer they just wrap my stuff in a few layers of Saran wrap because at least then it's a sturdy shape.
    Nah this ain’t FedEx now
        You've never seen Amazon workers throw boxes onto the conveyor and then the truck I'm guessing.
            You’ve never seen FedEx workers throw boxes off the conveyor...
                I'm not arguing about FedEx. You commented that "this ain't FedEx" on a comment saying that Amazon throws packages, making it seem like that Amazon doesn't but FedEx does. I provided insight into Amazon shipping things to show that yes, Amazon does throw boxes, it isn't just a FedEx thing like you implied with your comment.
It's like being lost at sea during a violent storm and then the skies clear, then you see birds flying and through the mist dry land appears.
    And you focus your eyes and realize the birds are actually vultures about to pick apart your almost lifeless, starved (soon-to-be) corpse.
        Cybervultures
They can actually

just because they shipped these to the retailers doesn't mean that they can't delay it again to fix bugs or whatever and then release a day one patch
    I don't think they can honestly because at this point retailers are gonna be sitting on a lot of stock and that will not be good. Plus having that many copies of the most highly anticipated game just sitting around in warehouses is not good. I also don't know if Sony and MS would allow it to happen.
        [deleted]
            They can't do that though because you could just disconnect from the internet if they were gonna push something to prevent it.
                [deleted]
                    Does it really? I thought it just comes with the disk and you just install it like normal.
                        That's how it works. Just like the dude who leaked the Playstation 4 footage.
                            I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
    Nah they can't delay now. These copies being shipped means that sooner rather than later stores who break street dates will get them. I got Witcher 3 like two weeks early from some mom-and-pop shop for example. This game already will face a pretty uphill battle from people who will spoil wehatever the can online to ruin it for people.

&#x200B;

If CDPR delayed again this would only extend the potential window of spoilers being allowed to run rampant without people getting their hands on the game themselves.
        Two whole weeks? If that same shop did it again you could  get Cyberpunk 2077 tomorrow.  Go there and check.
            I would if I could mate believe me. Burned down a year or so ago sadly. Might check some stores a bit farther away from my area for other stores, though to be real? With this game in particular I probably will just wait for release. The day 1 patch will probably help out a ton with the experience.
                Damn, CDPR don't fuck around
                    Yeah. But for real man I would expect leaks, like real substantial leaks to get out at the latest by next week around this time. This should be when some of the stores get their inventory delivered and there will be a fair few of them who don't give the FAINTEST of shits if they are selling a game before its supposed release or not.
        [deleted]
            They already are not doing that as we have seen from the leaked footage. Likely because review outlets / reviewers who will need the access soon anyway.

Look I get it. Delay jokes / cynicism is all fine and good. But this game is not getting delay again people alright? When copies leak as they have already? You don't delay again. 

The potential issues caused by a malicious person getting their hands on the game and presenting it under the worst light possible is too big of a concern.

If instead of some pothead a troll stole the game? We ALREADY could have a heavy story spoiler floating around right now. The risk is too great. They won't delay again.
    I thought a day-one patch was already the plan since these went gold before the latest delay?
Guessing it’s time to commit another charge of breaking and entering
[deleted]
    It was a "Games that will never release" starter pack that has apparently been removed.
        [deleted]
It was posted in this reddit days ago by that guy who works at amazon. just sesrch for it its in the comments imgur link
[Here you go](https://imgix.kotaku.com.au/content/uploads/sites/3/2020/11/18/cyberpunk-2077-packaging-1.jpg?auto=format&fit=fill&q=65&w=1280)
Its a good thing im not handeling these copies...I live my life pretty much by the book but i dont know if i would able to control myself.
Hmm I dunno, if this is amazon or something and this is just stock I think I would probably just steal one. Theres no way the consequences for stealing one copy wouldnt be worth it. Who cares about my job if I get to play cyberpunk 20 days early.
    > There’s no way the consequences for stealing one copy wouldn’t be worth it. Who cares about my job if I get to play cyberpunk 20 days later

This is literally one of the dumbest things I’ve read
        I mean working at the amazon warehouse is a shit job. If you were talking about a good job it'd be dumb af. But it's a shit job so that's just good sense
What? You won't get to jail for stealing a $60 game... especially not if you wouldn't record it and leak it.
    Depends, If you steal $500 or more worth of it and try to sell it off you'll be looking at quite some time >500 is grand larceny in most if not all states. Selling it is another crime...

If its a delivery and you steal just one copy, thats mail theft. BAM 5 years if you are an employee.
Who gives a fuck about the ethics of stealing from Amazon lmao I'm sure Jeff can lose a bit of money with his 100+ billion usd networth, losing your job on the other hand...
    Its a random guy who loses money and his game if someone steals this not jeff bezos you fuck
    I remember when ethics and morals actually meant something.
Communism is a hell of a drug.
Surreeeee, blame the Mexicans for everything. /s
    He didn't steal anything and didn't show spoilers of the game.
        I was alluding more towards the likelihood that whoever took this video probably shouldn't have.
You're probably joking. But if you aren't. Please don't do it. We love you <3
Don't do it, Heroic Onion.  If you cut yourself we will cry
I hope you're joking, don't do it, think of the DLC. You remember The Witcher 3's DLCs, right? Now imagine how Cyberpunk's 2077 ones are going to be.
    what did he say the mods removed it for some reason

controversial or just dicking on the game without playing it?
Please be a joke. The world needs a heroic onion.
This game does. However it comes with a GOG code.
yall better be ready to walk across the entire country with a little yellow box on your back on dec 10
Yes
Yeah he pretty much broke Amazon policy but shhh no one needs to know
This happened to me with Half Life 2.  Found a Best Buy (?) that was selling them early but after I installed it I couldn't play because it required an auth with Steam. They obviously weren't allowing that until launch day.
Well... I'll let you know if that happens. I ordered the physical copies. To my understanding, the game is playable on the disc alone, but I guess I'll find out.
    It might be playable, it might contain few game breaking bugs, you may not even encounter the bugs if you're lucky, but pushing back launch 20 days after announcing going gold isn't exactly 'just for fun' decision. They actually had to fix something, that would have been more expensive than delay.
        I told someone else this but honestly... I don't think this last delay was an insue with the actual game. I think it was a *shipping* issue. 

I work in a factory, in an area with a lot of factories. We've all been having some heavy issues with shipping and receiving products on time. That link on the consumer chain has been hit pretty hard this year. It was already a hardpressed industry but with covid, its been made worse. 

This would also explain why it was such a *short* delay. A month isn't really enough to do anything with a gamebreaking bug. But it *is* just enough time to make sure those last transport planes, boats and/or trucks can make it to their stores in time.
            But all the consoles by now have digital purchase channels, right? The physical copy is just nice to have thing? Or preferred by people with crappy internet.
                Not sure what you mean by "digital purchase channel". (Not familiar with that exact term) You mean like the Xbox Store or the PS Store? If yes, then yeah. We have those. However...

I could see the monumental cluster-f-ck of telling the A-holes like me that we have to wait an extra month to get our game because we made the "sin" of pre-ordering a physical copy and everyone else gets theirs on-time. Especially the people like me who dished oit extra for the collectors editions to show our support for the company.

I could also see the equally disasterous outcome of telling the digital users that they're waiting on the physical copies to be in place because "wtf?! Ours aren't physical! Just let us download our game!" (ETA: even you guys basically do this anyway for any game release. Afterall... the game is "done" months before it hits shelves, right? Why not just let you download it then? Because, release embargos.)

This solution, *quietly* delaying the game 30 more days and saying it's about last minute polishing, avoids the fallout that would come with the above 2 options. Yes, they still got flack but not nearly as much as the above 2 situations would have caused. 

Plus, there might be contracts about game releases to avoid one seller having the ability to sell it before another. Ie: it might break those contracts if Xbox and Playstation can sell their digital copies before Gamestop/Wal-Mart/etc can sell their physical copies. So they might *have* to release it all on the same day, and you know as well as I do, people aren't going to want to hear that. They'd scream about the "perfectly playable game" being withheld anyway.
If you wanna commit a felony you can
Wheres nintenfo switch lite version 😡😡😡🤬
*2 weeks*
Jesus, lmao.
Wha
???
hahaha wtf
Found the kinky Biden voter.
NNN just turned into DDD.
r/NNN
No they won't.
That would defeat the point of delaying it to patch the game up more.
[deleted]
    Thank you for the answer. Might be the first game I‘m going to wait on - usually my games-shop sells new games 1-2 days before release, but if they really just postponed it for the patch it might be better to wait until its official released
Because of a day 1 patch games being in warehouses up to 2 months before release is common.
This is a wild, off the wall guess based on my own recent experiences at work but... I think it was a shipping issue. Many factories and other industries have been having problems with shipping and recieving lately fir a number of reasons all leading back to covid. Wouldn't surprise me if it caused them issues too. Would also explain why it was such a short, last minute, delay too.
    Would be depressing if that would be the case, considering digital downloads are a valid option in this day and age. Not to mention they had delayed the game by so much they could've probably easily prepared if this was an issue.
Just pre-ordered from Amazon 👍🏿
    Congrats on supporting a monopolistic company when you could've bought directly from CDPR.
First time?
You will good sir! Its Xbox whom first announced the upgrade, PlayStation just followed the king!
I mean, they even said the delay was not needed the last time, but they wanted to do it  "for that little extra" of fine tuning. I always thought that was bullshit since they already delayed it a couple of times for extra fine tuning. After the internet blew up, I knew there was no way they would delay again. It would've been suicide.
    It was just trying to make the game work on Xbox One and PS4. They said it's fine on Series S|X and PS5 and PC. Remember when a game is made available for the One and PS4 they need to also work on the shittier launch consoles not just the One X and PS4 Pro.
        I cant wait until that is no longer the case
            As someone on an original xbox one i almost wish this was the case. Part of me thinks it would have been better to not have the option to buy it without a new console/pc.

But the horrific supply issue for new consoles/pc made me cave and buy it.
                I had one preordered but was lucky enough to win one instead. I think honestly I'd be less pissed if the game came out back in April before the new consoles launched.
                    Most people aren't even fortunate enough to have finances to buy one but this guy did and wins one anyway!
                        Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
                            Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
                            Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
                    You should give one to a good friend or someone who is down on there funds would be a nice thing.

Ps. I’m down on funds
                        Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
                Damn this reminds me that the XOne ran games at 900p back when it released, that's probably still the case with more demanding stuff...
                    Yeah im worried it is gonna be unplayable but i can always not play it until the supply & demand equalises.

Its mad this is first time in my gaming life i can afford both consoles at launch but cant physically get either lol!
                        But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
                I mean at least when you get the next gen console you’ll be able to replay it on the next gen version if it’s out when you get the next gen console.
                Just wait a couple months for Nvidia to release their midrange cards and restock up on the cards they're selling now.
Well be a great time to build a PC then
            I was floored when I learned that Cyberpunk wouldn't be a next gen game
            same! I was able to upgrade to a Series X so I'm excited to play it!
            Unfortunately it’s looking like the Series S might take that place this gen
                nah, devs are telling microsoft to fuck off somewhere else with that shitbox, 20CUs is supposed to handle Ray tracing when the series X has 2060 RT performance? Give me a break. the 2060 can't even do RT properly at 1080p, let alone 4k even if its the upscaled crap. Right away devs are coming out and saying, no idiots, the series S will not support RT in ANY FORM. Not even shadows. Don't get me wrong, for $300, the series S is not bad if ur original Xbox breaks and U just wanna play older games. But if you have an xbox one X, zero reason to upgrade, and for next gen games it clearly won't run them properly even 2 years from now. Plus the nonexistent storage, black ops, warzone, and MW can't even all fit on their microscopic storage and charging $250 for their 1TB expansion is a joke.
            Even so the new consoles have mid tier components even today
            Yes, can consoles just please die already? then developers can just focus on making the best possible games and just release to PC
        They said this is the case, but in the recent hands on preview that the media had, they said there were a load of visual bugs so it wasn't just delayed due to last gen consoles (although I don't doubt that was a big factor)
            if the game is not delayed bc of the turds then why is there no turd gameplay? Notice how BOTH companies have only shown ps4 pro and ps5/xbox one x /series x. That's no accident from CDPR. People are gonna be shocked at how bad it looks on such terrible hardware.
        Not that it matters, but I honestly don't buy this explanation whatsoever. They were developing 2077 from the ground up for the standard consoles since before even the One X and Pro launched (and btw only about 1/5 PS4 owners have a Pro, same for Xbox).

I think that was just a marketing tactic to spin the delay into something that could hype the game up as a "true next-gen experience." Softens the blow a little.
            Yes they did start on the One and PS4. Then they were given access to the new tech and said "hey we can make this even better" and added a bunch more and now it's straining the old tech. You can argue that's poor management and I'd agree you'd have a case there but to say it's a flat out lie is just ignorant.
                exactly, there is nothing they can do about crap hardware, and this generation is by far the worst of all time for consoles in terms of hardware. Never, EVER, has a cheap laptop igpu and a fucking PHONE cpu been faster than a console. Back in the ps2 days, consoles were almost as fast, even faster at some points, than PC. The hardware in the xbone and ps4 is a joke. Even Sony and microsoft know that, because they put real CPUs and much better tier (even for the time) gpus in the ps5 and series X
            [deleted]
                They're also designed to run on the current generation.
                    Except that, if we are being honest, the original Xbox one and ps4 are severely underpowered consoles. Yeah, cyberpunk may have initially started its development for them. But it’s been clear for a long, long time now that this is a next gen game they were going to have to gut the fuck out of to get it to barely run on previous gen consoles. The ps5/Xbox series x signify one of, if not the biggest, leap in generational console performance ever. Cyberpunk is a massive game using cutting edge tech. A 7 year old console that was fairly low powered even when it released (mostly because of the hdd) is going to fucking struggle to run this game. The minimum pc requirement for 2077 are a fair bit more powerful than last gen consoles, and that’s not even touching upon the recommended specs. Be prepared for this game to run and look like ass on previous gen.
        I'm really feeling this with Valhalla on my original PS4. I'm still having loads of fun, but the cut scenes are glitchy and sometimes I have framerate drops.
            Ive heard the one and PS4 versions had more bugs. I sense thats going to be an issue with most if not all cross platform games.
        I remember the start of last gen. I bought dragon age inquisition for the fing xbox360. Never again.... Never again. 

Thank you, CDRed
        And it looks like its playing fine enough as is from the leaked videos of people playing on ps4 so....grrrrr
            I haven't watched it but I still appreciate CDPR wanting to make this as good as possible. I just hope in the future they'll do indefinite delays or longer delays so they dont announce four or five different dates.
        I still don't believe "making it work on consoles that have already been out for years" lol
        I thought it was stadia that was the problem child
            Stadia IS a problem child but I think the game itself is just the PC version that gets loaded onto a special server at google so on the dev side i dont think theres any special work to do for that. I could be wrong though.
        I have no doubt that the 2 weeks made it better on the OG XBox One and PS4, but the issue where I say it was bullshit was the 2 weeks delay after they already had 3 delays. Like they didn’t know they were struggling with the performance then? Of course they knew and they just hoped it would be ready by the nov deadline. And then they mentioned they could release it, but they just wanted that LITTLE bit extra time, and we found out it was for the OG consoles. Poor project management. If the older consoles struggled, then they should’ve played it extra safe the last delay and set the date into December in the first place. 

Hindsight is 20/20 for sure, but the multiple delays tells me they know fuck all what they are doing on releasing the game on their timeline. They made the mistake of releasing these dates over and over and not managing the time to adhere to those dates. That’s all.
            Covid didn't help... Imagine how much time they lost during the first shutdown this year or any subsequent. It's easy to sit on the bench and critique but it truly sounds like you know fuck all about how this works. At the end of the day any customer should prefer a project with delays more than a shit project released. Especially if those are your only options. Thier last delay was for a day 1 patch and I personally appreciate that. 

If this is your expert barstool opinion what would it be if it was an unplayable mess on early gen consoles.
         I hate how PS4 and Xbox One drag down the game and gaming in general. CDPR should just release Cyberpunk 2077 for PC (and PS5/Series X) and release the old versions when they're ready a few weeks/months later. Console players have to wait either way with these delays, might as well allow the people with systems who can run the game to actually play it.

I can't wait until gaming isn't held back by the Xbox One and PS4 anymore, and I really hope neither Sony or MS continue holding gaming development back to work with an 8 year old console.
        I heard the exact opposite- that the current-gen builds were fine on both current and new consoles, but that the next-gen-native versions weren't quite ready yet.
        Should’ve axed last gen. Forget them.
            Being someone that was able to buy a next gen console I'm inclined to agree but I also would feel bad for people that weren't able to upgrade.
    Absolutely no way they would delay it again and miss out on all the holiday sales.
        Even if they wanted to, so many locations would break street date with these things out there.  It seems like it'd be a nightmare.

I feel like the most we get is them pre-announcing patches that might not be ready on day 1.
    I don't know, the October version supposedly worked fine on PS4 for that streamer who got a leaked copy.
        Yeah, I can almost believe the issues they saw with it was nit picky at best and most, if not all, gamers on those platforms wouldn’t have noticed the issue. The idea that they only get one launch is real, but if that was the case, then give yourself extra time to make damn sure you stick to the release date. The poor project/time management is what gets me with the release of this game.
    “Fine tuning” lol. It was because the election took all the attention that week
        So they made a huge decision that they knew would cause issues bc of the lack of attention they were getting?
The game went gold, so we already knew they were manufacturing physical copies (and probably uploaded digital versions for distribution).  The issue is that the version of the game currently on these discs was unsatisfying enough for them to decide that they need more development time to create a day 1 patch for it.  These physical discs won't see the light of day until they have a (to-be patched) version that they are happy with, which means they could feasibly delay again.
    Yeah, but all that inventory sitting everywhere makes for a ticking leaky time bomb of a liability.
        That's a good point.  We already have a review green-light, though, so I imagine there isn't too much liability involved with having the inventory out?  Also, I imagine they may not be distributing until they're more sure about their timetable...but then again what do I know, I'm just a dude with a computer!
        Yup. We know of at least one copy that already got leaked. And I used to frequent this game store that would always sell games they weren't suppose to sell yet to regular customers. You just had to ask.

Unfortunately they don't sell PC games. Otherwise I might have tried to get an early copy there.
    You make a good point, but the fact that these discs are being produced suggests a confidence in the release date. Then again this may mean nothing, as a CDPR dev said it would take a natural disaster to delay cyberpunk past its November date, and we all know how that turned out
        Well, what I'm saying is that the game went gold (i.e. sent away for manufacturing), and THEN they delayed it to Dec. 10.  So...while this post is nice, it doesn't really inspire any confidence for me that they won't delay again.
            From a business point of view, they would want to maximise the Christmas period for sales. As gifts, spontaneous downloads for casual gamers, random downloads from people getting a PS5/Xbox etc That's so much money, they are turning away.
            It would be extremely stupid for them to delay again lmao, chill out.
                I'm not saying that isn't true, I'm just saying that seeing physical copies isn't really evidence to that fact.  It's unlikely that they'll delay again, but not outside the realm of possibility.
            True, but I do think it won't be delayed again just because CDPR knows people will be so incredibly pissed
Looks like inbound at an Amazon facility, so yeah it's happening.
No take backs
Those physical copies have probably been printed months ago. All the stuff they're working on now can be patched.
Distill.io

Set it up right and you'll get a ping as soon as they pop in Newegg or bestbuy. All the other stores aren't as reliable. Bots aren't really sniping them now, at least they weren't a month ago. Just people are still camping the links to resell cards
    **I found links in your comment that were not hyperlinked:**

* [Distill.io](https://Distill.io)

*I did the honors for you.*

***

^[delete](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fu%2FLinkifyBot&subject=delete%20gdh5o2l&message=Click%20the%20send%20button%20to%20delete%20the%20false%20positive.) ^| ^[information](https://np.reddit.com/u/LinkifyBot/comments/gkkf7p) ^| ^<3
This year especially it has moved to digital, something like %60 of sales now are digital whereas last year it was %60 physical. People like owning physical copies so they can resell it, plus less you have to download usually. Also you can get the digital version with a physical copy, so if you preorder the game you can download it early

on pc its %100 digital.
Yes, I mean at launch there isn't much reason to get a disc unless your internet is crap or a collectors edition  but games that have been out for 6+ months are a lot cheaper to buy on disc than digital
LICK THE WOMBAT!  FLAY UNTIL DAWN!
    I HAVE THE SHINIEST MEAT BICYCLE
        AND MY AXE
        I’M THE CONDUCTOR OF THE **POOP TRAIN**!
            choo choo
THIS IS YELLOW! I SPECIFICALLY WANTED ORANGE!!!
    I think we've had enough orange since the last leap year.
        At last the pumpkin is being thrown in the trash.
You literally made me do a spit take with my coffee 🤣🤣🤣
#I'LL MAKE YOU MY MEAT BICYCLE!
#**"I'M THE CONDUCTOR OF THE POOP TRAIN!"**
    "I FEEL A TIZZY.....TIME FOR A RAMPAGE"
        "I WILL MAKE MY COCKATEEL FOR THE THUNERAGE SLAUGHTER"
            "I LIKE MY LOOT LIKE MY BABY STEAKS!

RARE!"
#**"MOTHERFUCKIN' SEE YA!"**
#NIPPLE SALADS
SOMEONE DELIVERED A **FEAST**!!!
[You can find out here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkW-Wh42gq0)
    There's no fucking way I'm clicking that link :D
        I clicked for you.

I don't know what I just watched.

All I know is it was kinda cringe, while at the same time an accurate representation of how some people react to new Halo games lol
            Believe it or not, this was the pinnacle of internet humor circa 2010.
                I was more an insanity wolf kinda fella back then.

Edit: This gonna come across as very "get off my lawn" but honestly I liked memes more when they were just advice animals and rage comics.

Shit nowadays is weak IMO.
        Live a little, hahah
        Its an Egoraptor video, you should absolutely click it
            Yeah, I saw that years ago when it came out on Newgrounds. I had some pretty dark expectations ngl
If you stolen my memes then you owe me a fresh new pair of memes.
I think it's fantastic. first trailer for cyberpunk came out in 2013, and for the last 7 years if I see anything remotely resembling that shade of yellow I immediately think "CYBERPUNK 2077"

I have an old mug that I use for tea, it's yellow. that mug had grandkids before cyberpunk was conceieved, it owned that yellow for generations.

then boom, cyberpunk comes along with this ludicrously garish yellow motif/theme... and now that mug is my "cyberpunk 2077 mug"
    This comment has been removed from reddit to protest the API changes.

https://join-lemmy.org/
        Yeah, they were called cuphead and mugman!
            touche
    That first trailer predominantly used red though, as did the first E3 reveal (to connect it to the first teaser in 2013.)
    The original trailer came out in 2013? Sorry, I’ve only recently started paying attention to it. I did remember the Keanu thing last year?
        Correct. [This teaser](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DvVjkqB3LH0&t=16s) came out in 2013.
    Yea I bought I hoodie in that color. Every time I see it I think CyberPunk
[deleted]
    It's provocative, it gets the people going.
        Ball so hard mfs wanna fine me
            that shit cray!
        No it's not it-
            GETS THE PEOPLE GOING
        Lady Humps by The Black Eyed Peas
    Someone needs to tweet them and ask if they'll be changing their name to cd projekt yellow
        They’ll say yes and then delay it
You know what , i don’t want it THAT bad anymore
    I’m not going to gator land, even if it is for Cyberpunk!
        I live here it's not so bad. Just don't talk to anyone with an obvious nickname. If they introduce themselves and it's a nickname, just turn around and run away.
            Florida Man....
                The chances of running into Florida Man are directly proportional to how stupid you yourself are being.   


0% is not being in Florida and 100% is you are Florida man.
                    .....how does functional alcoholism factor into that?
                        That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
                            Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
            They call me the tambourine man, funny story about that...  Hey!  Where you going?  Come back!
    Redacted comment ` this post was mass deleted with www.Redact.dev `
        30 dollar tops and am leaving.
        Cuh.....bruh....
    **GIVE HIM UR HAPPINESS**
        Sadly that won't be possible :(
Is this Jason Mendoza or Donkey Doug?
    BLAKE BORTLEEEEEEEEEES
200 eu and shipping to the Netherlands.
You fr fr about that $85 ??? Because I’m in Jacksonville
    Is your name shaun by any chance
        No it's Jianyu, he's a Taiwanese Buddhist monk
    guys we found his reddit account
        this is so sus because his last comment was like 4 months ago...may just be
            I feel like he would do something like this 🤣

Like he really livestreamed it, then said he doesnt wanna expose his address and then sold it with his address.
“This ***** said I love you bruh”
POLICE HE LIVES IN JACKSONVILLE
Jacksonville,  no thanks, I choose life
I forgot to say PS4 version if possible
Counteroffer. I'll give you my happiness...or whatever I can scrape up from somewhere
you know my cuhh dakota too!?
Best I can do is $55 and a baby alligator
Show proof that you have it or no deal. Any carpet photos?
So stay in bed all day playing cyberpunk. I don't see the problem
BOOM!
    Danger zoooooone
        Stop! I can only get so erect!
            There are extentions for that
        damn it ........ I swear to god i had some thing for this .
    *Sploosh!*
^I'm ^coming



I'm coming.......






#I'M COMING!!!!!!
Had a pocket full of horses,

Fucked the shit out of bears. 

He threw a knife into heaven, 

And could kill with a stare.
Washington...

Washington...
    Six foot twenty fucking killing for fun.
Oooooh, self burn! Not that rare nowadays tho
    Not necessarily, not the OP tho. I'm always happy for the first few seconds myself.

You know how you're excited at the proposition, the flirting, getting undressed to whatever degree works, and then the sex begins?

Then you smell the sex, you're keenly aware that someone else in involved, and that they have expectations, and there's going to be clean up afterwards, hopefully.

I'm always happy for the first bit until I realize it's a lot of work, and my desires are always secondary since I'm not a selfish child, and don't treat it like a smash n grab burglary.

Edit: And that, Monica, is why I will never fuck you in the walk in, so please stop.
        It was a B99 reference.
Damn Bezos be so greedy
Translation Pharmaceutical CEOs
    GOT EM
Especially because apparently the game goes live at 5pm on 9th my time. I'd be so frustrated if it went live and I spent the evening downloading and had to choose between sleep and playing it.
    I'd choose playing
        10/10 times.
    Oh, the day before, I'm gonna take 10mg of melatonin, fuck my sleep schedule up, and play 2077 through the night.
        Hell yeah brother
            And then sleep for 24 hours afterwards...
    Oh nice. So I can download it when at work. Come home, and use my last 2 pto days for a 4 day weekend.
    Always choose sleep in that situation, you'll hate yourself the next day if you don't
        Exactly. But it looks like I'll be able to get a few hours in.
    There is going to be a day 1 patch
It literally never works like that for me though. It generally takes like an hour+ for all the files to unpack. Granted thats better than a 4 hour DL, but still a brutal wait.
    In my experience a decent connection (100mbps+) is *considerably* faster than decrypting a pre-load.
    Considering I got a new Ryzen 9 5900X with 12 cores/24threads..im hoping it will make short work of the unpacking/decryption
Is preload confirmed?
I preordered mine on Amazon because it was $20 off. I’m guessing other people had similar incentives. Or they just wanted to make sure they didn’t spend their money on something else. ￼
    A lot of places, Amazon for sure, don't even charge you until it ships. I preordered a few months ago and they still haven't charged me.
>Why the fk would you preorder ~~a digital game so early~~
You know you can buy the collerctors edition. And in the Game box, apart from getting the key code you get the OST on CD?  
On console versions of the Collectors Edition you get the game discs and a digital vesion of the sound track
    You don't need collectors edition for that. The standard edition gives all the stuff. It includes a t shirt, stickers, compendium, postcards, soundtrack disc (pc exclusive) and art book.
        I don't think you get a tshirt for standard. At least not near me.
            I think the t shirt thing is only for specific countries. They're giving it with the game here in my country.
Woah so all copies are digital basically?
    No if you look it up 2 disk came in case
    I would assume, pretty much all modern games are like that. With discs you would have to download patches on the first day regaurdless, and it is way cheaper for companys to offer a download vs having to source and manufacture cds.
        The box comes with 2 blu-ray discs. A play disc and a download disc.
            For console. They are talking about PC.
[deleted]
    Look at this pornstar guy here.
    [deleted]
I can confirm. I work there. Every box is supposed to have a substantial amount of packing material, so no worries if it gets thrown around on the way.
    Can't confirm, I work there in pack and less than half the people use dunnage properly. Also we just rolled out new "polybags" that have literally no protective aspect what-so-ever, not even structure. Your items are just loosely strewn into an unrippable grocery bag that no one closes tightly like they should. I would actually prefer they just wrap my stuff in a few layers of Saran wrap because at least then it's a sturdy shape.
Nah this ain’t FedEx now
    You've never seen Amazon workers throw boxes onto the conveyor and then the truck I'm guessing.
        You’ve never seen FedEx workers throw boxes off the conveyor...
            I'm not arguing about FedEx. You commented that "this ain't FedEx" on a comment saying that Amazon throws packages, making it seem like that Amazon doesn't but FedEx does. I provided insight into Amazon shipping things to show that yes, Amazon does throw boxes, it isn't just a FedEx thing like you implied with your comment.
And you focus your eyes and realize the birds are actually vultures about to pick apart your almost lifeless, starved (soon-to-be) corpse.
    Cybervultures
I don't think they can honestly because at this point retailers are gonna be sitting on a lot of stock and that will not be good. Plus having that many copies of the most highly anticipated game just sitting around in warehouses is not good. I also don't know if Sony and MS would allow it to happen.
    [deleted]
        They can't do that though because you could just disconnect from the internet if they were gonna push something to prevent it.
            [deleted]
                Does it really? I thought it just comes with the disk and you just install it like normal.
                    That's how it works. Just like the dude who leaked the Playstation 4 footage.
                        I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
Nah they can't delay now. These copies being shipped means that sooner rather than later stores who break street dates will get them. I got Witcher 3 like two weeks early from some mom-and-pop shop for example. This game already will face a pretty uphill battle from people who will spoil wehatever the can online to ruin it for people.

&#x200B;

If CDPR delayed again this would only extend the potential window of spoilers being allowed to run rampant without people getting their hands on the game themselves.
    Two whole weeks? If that same shop did it again you could  get Cyberpunk 2077 tomorrow.  Go there and check.
        I would if I could mate believe me. Burned down a year or so ago sadly. Might check some stores a bit farther away from my area for other stores, though to be real? With this game in particular I probably will just wait for release. The day 1 patch will probably help out a ton with the experience.
            Damn, CDPR don't fuck around
                Yeah. But for real man I would expect leaks, like real substantial leaks to get out at the latest by next week around this time. This should be when some of the stores get their inventory delivered and there will be a fair few of them who don't give the FAINTEST of shits if they are selling a game before its supposed release or not.
    [deleted]
        They already are not doing that as we have seen from the leaked footage. Likely because review outlets / reviewers who will need the access soon anyway.

Look I get it. Delay jokes / cynicism is all fine and good. But this game is not getting delay again people alright? When copies leak as they have already? You don't delay again. 

The potential issues caused by a malicious person getting their hands on the game and presenting it under the worst light possible is too big of a concern.

If instead of some pothead a troll stole the game? We ALREADY could have a heavy story spoiler floating around right now. The risk is too great. They won't delay again.
I thought a day-one patch was already the plan since these went gold before the latest delay?
It was a "Games that will never release" starter pack that has apparently been removed.
    [deleted]
> There’s no way the consequences for stealing one copy wouldn’t be worth it. Who cares about my job if I get to play cyberpunk 20 days later

This is literally one of the dumbest things I’ve read
    I mean working at the amazon warehouse is a shit job. If you were talking about a good job it'd be dumb af. But it's a shit job so that's just good sense
Depends, If you steal $500 or more worth of it and try to sell it off you'll be looking at quite some time >500 is grand larceny in most if not all states. Selling it is another crime...

If its a delivery and you steal just one copy, thats mail theft. BAM 5 years if you are an employee.
Its a random guy who loses money and his game if someone steals this not jeff bezos you fuck
I remember when ethics and morals actually meant something.
Communism is a hell of a drug.
He didn't steal anything and didn't show spoilers of the game.
    I was alluding more towards the likelihood that whoever took this video probably shouldn't have.
what did he say the mods removed it for some reason

controversial or just dicking on the game without playing it?
It might be playable, it might contain few game breaking bugs, you may not even encounter the bugs if you're lucky, but pushing back launch 20 days after announcing going gold isn't exactly 'just for fun' decision. They actually had to fix something, that would have been more expensive than delay.
    I told someone else this but honestly... I don't think this last delay was an insue with the actual game. I think it was a *shipping* issue. 

I work in a factory, in an area with a lot of factories. We've all been having some heavy issues with shipping and receiving products on time. That link on the consumer chain has been hit pretty hard this year. It was already a hardpressed industry but with covid, its been made worse. 

This would also explain why it was such a *short* delay. A month isn't really enough to do anything with a gamebreaking bug. But it *is* just enough time to make sure those last transport planes, boats and/or trucks can make it to their stores in time.
        But all the consoles by now have digital purchase channels, right? The physical copy is just nice to have thing? Or preferred by people with crappy internet.
            Not sure what you mean by "digital purchase channel". (Not familiar with that exact term) You mean like the Xbox Store or the PS Store? If yes, then yeah. We have those. However...

I could see the monumental cluster-f-ck of telling the A-holes like me that we have to wait an extra month to get our game because we made the "sin" of pre-ordering a physical copy and everyone else gets theirs on-time. Especially the people like me who dished oit extra for the collectors editions to show our support for the company.

I could also see the equally disasterous outcome of telling the digital users that they're waiting on the physical copies to be in place because "wtf?! Ours aren't physical! Just let us download our game!" (ETA: even you guys basically do this anyway for any game release. Afterall... the game is "done" months before it hits shelves, right? Why not just let you download it then? Because, release embargos.)

This solution, *quietly* delaying the game 30 more days and saying it's about last minute polishing, avoids the fallout that would come with the above 2 options. Yes, they still got flack but not nearly as much as the above 2 situations would have caused. 

Plus, there might be contracts about game releases to avoid one seller having the ability to sell it before another. Ie: it might break those contracts if Xbox and Playstation can sell their digital copies before Gamestop/Wal-Mart/etc can sell their physical copies. So they might *have* to release it all on the same day, and you know as well as I do, people aren't going to want to hear that. They'd scream about the "perfectly playable game" being withheld anyway.
Thank you for the answer. Might be the first game I‘m going to wait on - usually my games-shop sells new games 1-2 days before release, but if they really just postponed it for the patch it might be better to wait until its official released
Would be depressing if that would be the case, considering digital downloads are a valid option in this day and age. Not to mention they had delayed the game by so much they could've probably easily prepared if this was an issue.
Congrats on supporting a monopolistic company when you could've bought directly from CDPR.
It was just trying to make the game work on Xbox One and PS4. They said it's fine on Series S|X and PS5 and PC. Remember when a game is made available for the One and PS4 they need to also work on the shittier launch consoles not just the One X and PS4 Pro.
    I cant wait until that is no longer the case
        As someone on an original xbox one i almost wish this was the case. Part of me thinks it would have been better to not have the option to buy it without a new console/pc.

But the horrific supply issue for new consoles/pc made me cave and buy it.
            I had one preordered but was lucky enough to win one instead. I think honestly I'd be less pissed if the game came out back in April before the new consoles launched.
                Most people aren't even fortunate enough to have finances to buy one but this guy did and wins one anyway!
                    Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
                        Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
                        Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
                You should give one to a good friend or someone who is down on there funds would be a nice thing.

Ps. I’m down on funds
                    Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
            Damn this reminds me that the XOne ran games at 900p back when it released, that's probably still the case with more demanding stuff...
                Yeah im worried it is gonna be unplayable but i can always not play it until the supply & demand equalises.

Its mad this is first time in my gaming life i can afford both consoles at launch but cant physically get either lol!
                    But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
            I mean at least when you get the next gen console you’ll be able to replay it on the next gen version if it’s out when you get the next gen console.
            Just wait a couple months for Nvidia to release their midrange cards and restock up on the cards they're selling now.
Well be a great time to build a PC then
        I was floored when I learned that Cyberpunk wouldn't be a next gen game
        same! I was able to upgrade to a Series X so I'm excited to play it!
        Unfortunately it’s looking like the Series S might take that place this gen
            nah, devs are telling microsoft to fuck off somewhere else with that shitbox, 20CUs is supposed to handle Ray tracing when the series X has 2060 RT performance? Give me a break. the 2060 can't even do RT properly at 1080p, let alone 4k even if its the upscaled crap. Right away devs are coming out and saying, no idiots, the series S will not support RT in ANY FORM. Not even shadows. Don't get me wrong, for $300, the series S is not bad if ur original Xbox breaks and U just wanna play older games. But if you have an xbox one X, zero reason to upgrade, and for next gen games it clearly won't run them properly even 2 years from now. Plus the nonexistent storage, black ops, warzone, and MW can't even all fit on their microscopic storage and charging $250 for their 1TB expansion is a joke.
        Even so the new consoles have mid tier components even today
        Yes, can consoles just please die already? then developers can just focus on making the best possible games and just release to PC
    They said this is the case, but in the recent hands on preview that the media had, they said there were a load of visual bugs so it wasn't just delayed due to last gen consoles (although I don't doubt that was a big factor)
        if the game is not delayed bc of the turds then why is there no turd gameplay? Notice how BOTH companies have only shown ps4 pro and ps5/xbox one x /series x. That's no accident from CDPR. People are gonna be shocked at how bad it looks on such terrible hardware.
    Not that it matters, but I honestly don't buy this explanation whatsoever. They were developing 2077 from the ground up for the standard consoles since before even the One X and Pro launched (and btw only about 1/5 PS4 owners have a Pro, same for Xbox).

I think that was just a marketing tactic to spin the delay into something that could hype the game up as a "true next-gen experience." Softens the blow a little.
        Yes they did start on the One and PS4. Then they were given access to the new tech and said "hey we can make this even better" and added a bunch more and now it's straining the old tech. You can argue that's poor management and I'd agree you'd have a case there but to say it's a flat out lie is just ignorant.
            exactly, there is nothing they can do about crap hardware, and this generation is by far the worst of all time for consoles in terms of hardware. Never, EVER, has a cheap laptop igpu and a fucking PHONE cpu been faster than a console. Back in the ps2 days, consoles were almost as fast, even faster at some points, than PC. The hardware in the xbone and ps4 is a joke. Even Sony and microsoft know that, because they put real CPUs and much better tier (even for the time) gpus in the ps5 and series X
        [deleted]
            They're also designed to run on the current generation.
                Except that, if we are being honest, the original Xbox one and ps4 are severely underpowered consoles. Yeah, cyberpunk may have initially started its development for them. But it’s been clear for a long, long time now that this is a next gen game they were going to have to gut the fuck out of to get it to barely run on previous gen consoles. The ps5/Xbox series x signify one of, if not the biggest, leap in generational console performance ever. Cyberpunk is a massive game using cutting edge tech. A 7 year old console that was fairly low powered even when it released (mostly because of the hdd) is going to fucking struggle to run this game. The minimum pc requirement for 2077 are a fair bit more powerful than last gen consoles, and that’s not even touching upon the recommended specs. Be prepared for this game to run and look like ass on previous gen.
    I'm really feeling this with Valhalla on my original PS4. I'm still having loads of fun, but the cut scenes are glitchy and sometimes I have framerate drops.
        Ive heard the one and PS4 versions had more bugs. I sense thats going to be an issue with most if not all cross platform games.
    I remember the start of last gen. I bought dragon age inquisition for the fing xbox360. Never again.... Never again. 

Thank you, CDRed
    And it looks like its playing fine enough as is from the leaked videos of people playing on ps4 so....grrrrr
        I haven't watched it but I still appreciate CDPR wanting to make this as good as possible. I just hope in the future they'll do indefinite delays or longer delays so they dont announce four or five different dates.
    I still don't believe "making it work on consoles that have already been out for years" lol
    I thought it was stadia that was the problem child
        Stadia IS a problem child but I think the game itself is just the PC version that gets loaded onto a special server at google so on the dev side i dont think theres any special work to do for that. I could be wrong though.
    I have no doubt that the 2 weeks made it better on the OG XBox One and PS4, but the issue where I say it was bullshit was the 2 weeks delay after they already had 3 delays. Like they didn’t know they were struggling with the performance then? Of course they knew and they just hoped it would be ready by the nov deadline. And then they mentioned they could release it, but they just wanted that LITTLE bit extra time, and we found out it was for the OG consoles. Poor project management. If the older consoles struggled, then they should’ve played it extra safe the last delay and set the date into December in the first place. 

Hindsight is 20/20 for sure, but the multiple delays tells me they know fuck all what they are doing on releasing the game on their timeline. They made the mistake of releasing these dates over and over and not managing the time to adhere to those dates. That’s all.
        Covid didn't help... Imagine how much time they lost during the first shutdown this year or any subsequent. It's easy to sit on the bench and critique but it truly sounds like you know fuck all about how this works. At the end of the day any customer should prefer a project with delays more than a shit project released. Especially if those are your only options. Thier last delay was for a day 1 patch and I personally appreciate that. 

If this is your expert barstool opinion what would it be if it was an unplayable mess on early gen consoles.
     I hate how PS4 and Xbox One drag down the game and gaming in general. CDPR should just release Cyberpunk 2077 for PC (and PS5/Series X) and release the old versions when they're ready a few weeks/months later. Console players have to wait either way with these delays, might as well allow the people with systems who can run the game to actually play it.

I can't wait until gaming isn't held back by the Xbox One and PS4 anymore, and I really hope neither Sony or MS continue holding gaming development back to work with an 8 year old console.
    I heard the exact opposite- that the current-gen builds were fine on both current and new consoles, but that the next-gen-native versions weren't quite ready yet.
    Should’ve axed last gen. Forget them.
        Being someone that was able to buy a next gen console I'm inclined to agree but I also would feel bad for people that weren't able to upgrade.
Absolutely no way they would delay it again and miss out on all the holiday sales.
    Even if they wanted to, so many locations would break street date with these things out there.  It seems like it'd be a nightmare.

I feel like the most we get is them pre-announcing patches that might not be ready on day 1.
I don't know, the October version supposedly worked fine on PS4 for that streamer who got a leaked copy.
    Yeah, I can almost believe the issues they saw with it was nit picky at best and most, if not all, gamers on those platforms wouldn’t have noticed the issue. The idea that they only get one launch is real, but if that was the case, then give yourself extra time to make damn sure you stick to the release date. The poor project/time management is what gets me with the release of this game.
“Fine tuning” lol. It was because the election took all the attention that week
    So they made a huge decision that they knew would cause issues bc of the lack of attention they were getting?
Yeah, but all that inventory sitting everywhere makes for a ticking leaky time bomb of a liability.
    That's a good point.  We already have a review green-light, though, so I imagine there isn't too much liability involved with having the inventory out?  Also, I imagine they may not be distributing until they're more sure about their timetable...but then again what do I know, I'm just a dude with a computer!
    Yup. We know of at least one copy that already got leaked. And I used to frequent this game store that would always sell games they weren't suppose to sell yet to regular customers. You just had to ask.

Unfortunately they don't sell PC games. Otherwise I might have tried to get an early copy there.
You make a good point, but the fact that these discs are being produced suggests a confidence in the release date. Then again this may mean nothing, as a CDPR dev said it would take a natural disaster to delay cyberpunk past its November date, and we all know how that turned out
    Well, what I'm saying is that the game went gold (i.e. sent away for manufacturing), and THEN they delayed it to Dec. 10.  So...while this post is nice, it doesn't really inspire any confidence for me that they won't delay again.
        From a business point of view, they would want to maximise the Christmas period for sales. As gifts, spontaneous downloads for casual gamers, random downloads from people getting a PS5/Xbox etc That's so much money, they are turning away.
        It would be extremely stupid for them to delay again lmao, chill out.
            I'm not saying that isn't true, I'm just saying that seeing physical copies isn't really evidence to that fact.  It's unlikely that they'll delay again, but not outside the realm of possibility.
        True, but I do think it won't be delayed again just because CDPR knows people will be so incredibly pissed
**I found links in your comment that were not hyperlinked:**

* [Distill.io](https://Distill.io)

*I did the honors for you.*

***

^[delete](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fu%2FLinkifyBot&subject=delete%20gdh5o2l&message=Click%20the%20send%20button%20to%20delete%20the%20false%20positive.) ^| ^[information](https://np.reddit.com/u/LinkifyBot/comments/gkkf7p) ^| ^<3
I HAVE THE SHINIEST MEAT BICYCLE
    AND MY AXE
    I’M THE CONDUCTOR OF THE **POOP TRAIN**!
        choo choo
I think we've had enough orange since the last leap year.
    At last the pumpkin is being thrown in the trash.
"I FEEL A TIZZY.....TIME FOR A RAMPAGE"
    "I WILL MAKE MY COCKATEEL FOR THE THUNERAGE SLAUGHTER"
        "I LIKE MY LOOT LIKE MY BABY STEAKS!

RARE!"
There's no fucking way I'm clicking that link :D
    I clicked for you.

I don't know what I just watched.

All I know is it was kinda cringe, while at the same time an accurate representation of how some people react to new Halo games lol
        Believe it or not, this was the pinnacle of internet humor circa 2010.
            I was more an insanity wolf kinda fella back then.

Edit: This gonna come across as very "get off my lawn" but honestly I liked memes more when they were just advice animals and rage comics.

Shit nowadays is weak IMO.
    Live a little, hahah
    Its an Egoraptor video, you should absolutely click it
        Yeah, I saw that years ago when it came out on Newgrounds. I had some pretty dark expectations ngl
This comment has been removed from reddit to protest the API changes.

https://join-lemmy.org/
    Yeah, they were called cuphead and mugman!
        touche
That first trailer predominantly used red though, as did the first E3 reveal (to connect it to the first teaser in 2013.)
The original trailer came out in 2013? Sorry, I’ve only recently started paying attention to it. I did remember the Keanu thing last year?
    Correct. [This teaser](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DvVjkqB3LH0&t=16s) came out in 2013.
Yea I bought I hoodie in that color. Every time I see it I think CyberPunk
It's provocative, it gets the people going.
    Ball so hard mfs wanna fine me
        that shit cray!
    No it's not it-
        GETS THE PEOPLE GOING
    Lady Humps by The Black Eyed Peas
Someone needs to tweet them and ask if they'll be changing their name to cd projekt yellow
    They’ll say yes and then delay it
I’m not going to gator land, even if it is for Cyberpunk!
    I live here it's not so bad. Just don't talk to anyone with an obvious nickname. If they introduce themselves and it's a nickname, just turn around and run away.
        Florida Man....
            The chances of running into Florida Man are directly proportional to how stupid you yourself are being.   


0% is not being in Florida and 100% is you are Florida man.
                .....how does functional alcoholism factor into that?
                    That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
                        Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
        They call me the tambourine man, funny story about that...  Hey!  Where you going?  Come back!
Redacted comment ` this post was mass deleted with www.Redact.dev `
    30 dollar tops and am leaving.
    Cuh.....bruh....
**GIVE HIM UR HAPPINESS**
    Sadly that won't be possible :(
BLAKE BORTLEEEEEEEEEES
Is your name shaun by any chance
    No it's Jianyu, he's a Taiwanese Buddhist monk
guys we found his reddit account
    this is so sus because his last comment was like 4 months ago...may just be
        I feel like he would do something like this 🤣

Like he really livestreamed it, then said he doesnt wanna expose his address and then sold it with his address.
Danger zoooooone
    Stop! I can only get so erect!
        There are extentions for that
    damn it ........ I swear to god i had some thing for this .
*Sploosh!*
Six foot twenty fucking killing for fun.
Not necessarily, not the OP tho. I'm always happy for the first few seconds myself.

You know how you're excited at the proposition, the flirting, getting undressed to whatever degree works, and then the sex begins?

Then you smell the sex, you're keenly aware that someone else in involved, and that they have expectations, and there's going to be clean up afterwards, hopefully.

I'm always happy for the first bit until I realize it's a lot of work, and my desires are always secondary since I'm not a selfish child, and don't treat it like a smash n grab burglary.

Edit: And that, Monica, is why I will never fuck you in the walk in, so please stop.
    It was a B99 reference.
GOT EM
I'd choose playing
    10/10 times.
Oh, the day before, I'm gonna take 10mg of melatonin, fuck my sleep schedule up, and play 2077 through the night.
    Hell yeah brother
        And then sleep for 24 hours afterwards...
Oh nice. So I can download it when at work. Come home, and use my last 2 pto days for a 4 day weekend.
Always choose sleep in that situation, you'll hate yourself the next day if you don't
    Exactly. But it looks like I'll be able to get a few hours in.
There is going to be a day 1 patch
In my experience a decent connection (100mbps+) is *considerably* faster than decrypting a pre-load.
Considering I got a new Ryzen 9 5900X with 12 cores/24threads..im hoping it will make short work of the unpacking/decryption
A lot of places, Amazon for sure, don't even charge you until it ships. I preordered a few months ago and they still haven't charged me.
You don't need collectors edition for that. The standard edition gives all the stuff. It includes a t shirt, stickers, compendium, postcards, soundtrack disc (pc exclusive) and art book.
    I don't think you get a tshirt for standard. At least not near me.
        I think the t shirt thing is only for specific countries. They're giving it with the game here in my country.
No if you look it up 2 disk came in case
I would assume, pretty much all modern games are like that. With discs you would have to download patches on the first day regaurdless, and it is way cheaper for companys to offer a download vs having to source and manufacture cds.
    The box comes with 2 blu-ray discs. A play disc and a download disc.
        For console. They are talking about PC.
Look at this pornstar guy here.
[deleted]
Can't confirm, I work there in pack and less than half the people use dunnage properly. Also we just rolled out new "polybags" that have literally no protective aspect what-so-ever, not even structure. Your items are just loosely strewn into an unrippable grocery bag that no one closes tightly like they should. I would actually prefer they just wrap my stuff in a few layers of Saran wrap because at least then it's a sturdy shape.
You've never seen Amazon workers throw boxes onto the conveyor and then the truck I'm guessing.
    You’ve never seen FedEx workers throw boxes off the conveyor...
        I'm not arguing about FedEx. You commented that "this ain't FedEx" on a comment saying that Amazon throws packages, making it seem like that Amazon doesn't but FedEx does. I provided insight into Amazon shipping things to show that yes, Amazon does throw boxes, it isn't just a FedEx thing like you implied with your comment.
Cybervultures
[deleted]
    They can't do that though because you could just disconnect from the internet if they were gonna push something to prevent it.
        [deleted]
            Does it really? I thought it just comes with the disk and you just install it like normal.
                That's how it works. Just like the dude who leaked the Playstation 4 footage.
                    I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
Two whole weeks? If that same shop did it again you could  get Cyberpunk 2077 tomorrow.  Go there and check.
    I would if I could mate believe me. Burned down a year or so ago sadly. Might check some stores a bit farther away from my area for other stores, though to be real? With this game in particular I probably will just wait for release. The day 1 patch will probably help out a ton with the experience.
        Damn, CDPR don't fuck around
            Yeah. But for real man I would expect leaks, like real substantial leaks to get out at the latest by next week around this time. This should be when some of the stores get their inventory delivered and there will be a fair few of them who don't give the FAINTEST of shits if they are selling a game before its supposed release or not.
[deleted]
    They already are not doing that as we have seen from the leaked footage. Likely because review outlets / reviewers who will need the access soon anyway.

Look I get it. Delay jokes / cynicism is all fine and good. But this game is not getting delay again people alright? When copies leak as they have already? You don't delay again. 

The potential issues caused by a malicious person getting their hands on the game and presenting it under the worst light possible is too big of a concern.

If instead of some pothead a troll stole the game? We ALREADY could have a heavy story spoiler floating around right now. The risk is too great. They won't delay again.
[deleted]
I mean working at the amazon warehouse is a shit job. If you were talking about a good job it'd be dumb af. But it's a shit job so that's just good sense
I was alluding more towards the likelihood that whoever took this video probably shouldn't have.
I told someone else this but honestly... I don't think this last delay was an insue with the actual game. I think it was a *shipping* issue. 

I work in a factory, in an area with a lot of factories. We've all been having some heavy issues with shipping and receiving products on time. That link on the consumer chain has been hit pretty hard this year. It was already a hardpressed industry but with covid, its been made worse. 

This would also explain why it was such a *short* delay. A month isn't really enough to do anything with a gamebreaking bug. But it *is* just enough time to make sure those last transport planes, boats and/or trucks can make it to their stores in time.
    But all the consoles by now have digital purchase channels, right? The physical copy is just nice to have thing? Or preferred by people with crappy internet.
        Not sure what you mean by "digital purchase channel". (Not familiar with that exact term) You mean like the Xbox Store or the PS Store? If yes, then yeah. We have those. However...

I could see the monumental cluster-f-ck of telling the A-holes like me that we have to wait an extra month to get our game because we made the "sin" of pre-ordering a physical copy and everyone else gets theirs on-time. Especially the people like me who dished oit extra for the collectors editions to show our support for the company.

I could also see the equally disasterous outcome of telling the digital users that they're waiting on the physical copies to be in place because "wtf?! Ours aren't physical! Just let us download our game!" (ETA: even you guys basically do this anyway for any game release. Afterall... the game is "done" months before it hits shelves, right? Why not just let you download it then? Because, release embargos.)

This solution, *quietly* delaying the game 30 more days and saying it's about last minute polishing, avoids the fallout that would come with the above 2 options. Yes, they still got flack but not nearly as much as the above 2 situations would have caused. 

Plus, there might be contracts about game releases to avoid one seller having the ability to sell it before another. Ie: it might break those contracts if Xbox and Playstation can sell their digital copies before Gamestop/Wal-Mart/etc can sell their physical copies. So they might *have* to release it all on the same day, and you know as well as I do, people aren't going to want to hear that. They'd scream about the "perfectly playable game" being withheld anyway.
I cant wait until that is no longer the case
    As someone on an original xbox one i almost wish this was the case. Part of me thinks it would have been better to not have the option to buy it without a new console/pc.

But the horrific supply issue for new consoles/pc made me cave and buy it.
        I had one preordered but was lucky enough to win one instead. I think honestly I'd be less pissed if the game came out back in April before the new consoles launched.
            Most people aren't even fortunate enough to have finances to buy one but this guy did and wins one anyway!
                Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
                    Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
                    Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
            You should give one to a good friend or someone who is down on there funds would be a nice thing.

Ps. I’m down on funds
                Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
        Damn this reminds me that the XOne ran games at 900p back when it released, that's probably still the case with more demanding stuff...
            Yeah im worried it is gonna be unplayable but i can always not play it until the supply & demand equalises.

Its mad this is first time in my gaming life i can afford both consoles at launch but cant physically get either lol!
                But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
        I mean at least when you get the next gen console you’ll be able to replay it on the next gen version if it’s out when you get the next gen console.
        Just wait a couple months for Nvidia to release their midrange cards and restock up on the cards they're selling now.
Well be a great time to build a PC then
    I was floored when I learned that Cyberpunk wouldn't be a next gen game
    same! I was able to upgrade to a Series X so I'm excited to play it!
    Unfortunately it’s looking like the Series S might take that place this gen
        nah, devs are telling microsoft to fuck off somewhere else with that shitbox, 20CUs is supposed to handle Ray tracing when the series X has 2060 RT performance? Give me a break. the 2060 can't even do RT properly at 1080p, let alone 4k even if its the upscaled crap. Right away devs are coming out and saying, no idiots, the series S will not support RT in ANY FORM. Not even shadows. Don't get me wrong, for $300, the series S is not bad if ur original Xbox breaks and U just wanna play older games. But if you have an xbox one X, zero reason to upgrade, and for next gen games it clearly won't run them properly even 2 years from now. Plus the nonexistent storage, black ops, warzone, and MW can't even all fit on their microscopic storage and charging $250 for their 1TB expansion is a joke.
    Even so the new consoles have mid tier components even today
    Yes, can consoles just please die already? then developers can just focus on making the best possible games and just release to PC
They said this is the case, but in the recent hands on preview that the media had, they said there were a load of visual bugs so it wasn't just delayed due to last gen consoles (although I don't doubt that was a big factor)
    if the game is not delayed bc of the turds then why is there no turd gameplay? Notice how BOTH companies have only shown ps4 pro and ps5/xbox one x /series x. That's no accident from CDPR. People are gonna be shocked at how bad it looks on such terrible hardware.
Not that it matters, but I honestly don't buy this explanation whatsoever. They were developing 2077 from the ground up for the standard consoles since before even the One X and Pro launched (and btw only about 1/5 PS4 owners have a Pro, same for Xbox).

I think that was just a marketing tactic to spin the delay into something that could hype the game up as a "true next-gen experience." Softens the blow a little.
    Yes they did start on the One and PS4. Then they were given access to the new tech and said "hey we can make this even better" and added a bunch more and now it's straining the old tech. You can argue that's poor management and I'd agree you'd have a case there but to say it's a flat out lie is just ignorant.
        exactly, there is nothing they can do about crap hardware, and this generation is by far the worst of all time for consoles in terms of hardware. Never, EVER, has a cheap laptop igpu and a fucking PHONE cpu been faster than a console. Back in the ps2 days, consoles were almost as fast, even faster at some points, than PC. The hardware in the xbone and ps4 is a joke. Even Sony and microsoft know that, because they put real CPUs and much better tier (even for the time) gpus in the ps5 and series X
    [deleted]
        They're also designed to run on the current generation.
            Except that, if we are being honest, the original Xbox one and ps4 are severely underpowered consoles. Yeah, cyberpunk may have initially started its development for them. But it’s been clear for a long, long time now that this is a next gen game they were going to have to gut the fuck out of to get it to barely run on previous gen consoles. The ps5/Xbox series x signify one of, if not the biggest, leap in generational console performance ever. Cyberpunk is a massive game using cutting edge tech. A 7 year old console that was fairly low powered even when it released (mostly because of the hdd) is going to fucking struggle to run this game. The minimum pc requirement for 2077 are a fair bit more powerful than last gen consoles, and that’s not even touching upon the recommended specs. Be prepared for this game to run and look like ass on previous gen.
I'm really feeling this with Valhalla on my original PS4. I'm still having loads of fun, but the cut scenes are glitchy and sometimes I have framerate drops.
    Ive heard the one and PS4 versions had more bugs. I sense thats going to be an issue with most if not all cross platform games.
I remember the start of last gen. I bought dragon age inquisition for the fing xbox360. Never again.... Never again. 

Thank you, CDRed
And it looks like its playing fine enough as is from the leaked videos of people playing on ps4 so....grrrrr
    I haven't watched it but I still appreciate CDPR wanting to make this as good as possible. I just hope in the future they'll do indefinite delays or longer delays so they dont announce four or five different dates.
I still don't believe "making it work on consoles that have already been out for years" lol
I thought it was stadia that was the problem child
    Stadia IS a problem child but I think the game itself is just the PC version that gets loaded onto a special server at google so on the dev side i dont think theres any special work to do for that. I could be wrong though.
I have no doubt that the 2 weeks made it better on the OG XBox One and PS4, but the issue where I say it was bullshit was the 2 weeks delay after they already had 3 delays. Like they didn’t know they were struggling with the performance then? Of course they knew and they just hoped it would be ready by the nov deadline. And then they mentioned they could release it, but they just wanted that LITTLE bit extra time, and we found out it was for the OG consoles. Poor project management. If the older consoles struggled, then they should’ve played it extra safe the last delay and set the date into December in the first place. 

Hindsight is 20/20 for sure, but the multiple delays tells me they know fuck all what they are doing on releasing the game on their timeline. They made the mistake of releasing these dates over and over and not managing the time to adhere to those dates. That’s all.
    Covid didn't help... Imagine how much time they lost during the first shutdown this year or any subsequent. It's easy to sit on the bench and critique but it truly sounds like you know fuck all about how this works. At the end of the day any customer should prefer a project with delays more than a shit project released. Especially if those are your only options. Thier last delay was for a day 1 patch and I personally appreciate that. 

If this is your expert barstool opinion what would it be if it was an unplayable mess on early gen consoles.
 I hate how PS4 and Xbox One drag down the game and gaming in general. CDPR should just release Cyberpunk 2077 for PC (and PS5/Series X) and release the old versions when they're ready a few weeks/months later. Console players have to wait either way with these delays, might as well allow the people with systems who can run the game to actually play it.

I can't wait until gaming isn't held back by the Xbox One and PS4 anymore, and I really hope neither Sony or MS continue holding gaming development back to work with an 8 year old console.
I heard the exact opposite- that the current-gen builds were fine on both current and new consoles, but that the next-gen-native versions weren't quite ready yet.
Should’ve axed last gen. Forget them.
    Being someone that was able to buy a next gen console I'm inclined to agree but I also would feel bad for people that weren't able to upgrade.
Even if they wanted to, so many locations would break street date with these things out there.  It seems like it'd be a nightmare.

I feel like the most we get is them pre-announcing patches that might not be ready on day 1.
Yeah, I can almost believe the issues they saw with it was nit picky at best and most, if not all, gamers on those platforms wouldn’t have noticed the issue. The idea that they only get one launch is real, but if that was the case, then give yourself extra time to make damn sure you stick to the release date. The poor project/time management is what gets me with the release of this game.
So they made a huge decision that they knew would cause issues bc of the lack of attention they were getting?
That's a good point.  We already have a review green-light, though, so I imagine there isn't too much liability involved with having the inventory out?  Also, I imagine they may not be distributing until they're more sure about their timetable...but then again what do I know, I'm just a dude with a computer!
Yup. We know of at least one copy that already got leaked. And I used to frequent this game store that would always sell games they weren't suppose to sell yet to regular customers. You just had to ask.

Unfortunately they don't sell PC games. Otherwise I might have tried to get an early copy there.
Well, what I'm saying is that the game went gold (i.e. sent away for manufacturing), and THEN they delayed it to Dec. 10.  So...while this post is nice, it doesn't really inspire any confidence for me that they won't delay again.
    From a business point of view, they would want to maximise the Christmas period for sales. As gifts, spontaneous downloads for casual gamers, random downloads from people getting a PS5/Xbox etc That's so much money, they are turning away.
    It would be extremely stupid for them to delay again lmao, chill out.
        I'm not saying that isn't true, I'm just saying that seeing physical copies isn't really evidence to that fact.  It's unlikely that they'll delay again, but not outside the realm of possibility.
    True, but I do think it won't be delayed again just because CDPR knows people will be so incredibly pissed
AND MY AXE
I’M THE CONDUCTOR OF THE **POOP TRAIN**!
    choo choo
At last the pumpkin is being thrown in the trash.
"I WILL MAKE MY COCKATEEL FOR THE THUNERAGE SLAUGHTER"
    "I LIKE MY LOOT LIKE MY BABY STEAKS!

RARE!"
I clicked for you.

I don't know what I just watched.

All I know is it was kinda cringe, while at the same time an accurate representation of how some people react to new Halo games lol
    Believe it or not, this was the pinnacle of internet humor circa 2010.
        I was more an insanity wolf kinda fella back then.

Edit: This gonna come across as very "get off my lawn" but honestly I liked memes more when they were just advice animals and rage comics.

Shit nowadays is weak IMO.
Live a little, hahah
Its an Egoraptor video, you should absolutely click it
    Yeah, I saw that years ago when it came out on Newgrounds. I had some pretty dark expectations ngl
Yeah, they were called cuphead and mugman!
    touche
Correct. [This teaser](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DvVjkqB3LH0&t=16s) came out in 2013.
Ball so hard mfs wanna fine me
    that shit cray!
No it's not it-
    GETS THE PEOPLE GOING
Lady Humps by The Black Eyed Peas
They’ll say yes and then delay it
I live here it's not so bad. Just don't talk to anyone with an obvious nickname. If they introduce themselves and it's a nickname, just turn around and run away.
    Florida Man....
        The chances of running into Florida Man are directly proportional to how stupid you yourself are being.   


0% is not being in Florida and 100% is you are Florida man.
            .....how does functional alcoholism factor into that?
                That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
                    Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
    They call me the tambourine man, funny story about that...  Hey!  Where you going?  Come back!
30 dollar tops and am leaving.
Cuh.....bruh....
Sadly that won't be possible :(
No it's Jianyu, he's a Taiwanese Buddhist monk
this is so sus because his last comment was like 4 months ago...may just be
    I feel like he would do something like this 🤣

Like he really livestreamed it, then said he doesnt wanna expose his address and then sold it with his address.
Stop! I can only get so erect!
    There are extentions for that
damn it ........ I swear to god i had some thing for this .
It was a B99 reference.
10/10 times.
Hell yeah brother
    And then sleep for 24 hours afterwards...
Exactly. But it looks like I'll be able to get a few hours in.
I don't think you get a tshirt for standard. At least not near me.
    I think the t shirt thing is only for specific countries. They're giving it with the game here in my country.
The box comes with 2 blu-ray discs. A play disc and a download disc.
    For console. They are talking about PC.
You’ve never seen FedEx workers throw boxes off the conveyor...
    I'm not arguing about FedEx. You commented that "this ain't FedEx" on a comment saying that Amazon throws packages, making it seem like that Amazon doesn't but FedEx does. I provided insight into Amazon shipping things to show that yes, Amazon does throw boxes, it isn't just a FedEx thing like you implied with your comment.
They can't do that though because you could just disconnect from the internet if they were gonna push something to prevent it.
    [deleted]
        Does it really? I thought it just comes with the disk and you just install it like normal.
            That's how it works. Just like the dude who leaked the Playstation 4 footage.
                I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
I would if I could mate believe me. Burned down a year or so ago sadly. Might check some stores a bit farther away from my area for other stores, though to be real? With this game in particular I probably will just wait for release. The day 1 patch will probably help out a ton with the experience.
    Damn, CDPR don't fuck around
        Yeah. But for real man I would expect leaks, like real substantial leaks to get out at the latest by next week around this time. This should be when some of the stores get their inventory delivered and there will be a fair few of them who don't give the FAINTEST of shits if they are selling a game before its supposed release or not.
They already are not doing that as we have seen from the leaked footage. Likely because review outlets / reviewers who will need the access soon anyway.

Look I get it. Delay jokes / cynicism is all fine and good. But this game is not getting delay again people alright? When copies leak as they have already? You don't delay again. 

The potential issues caused by a malicious person getting their hands on the game and presenting it under the worst light possible is too big of a concern.

If instead of some pothead a troll stole the game? We ALREADY could have a heavy story spoiler floating around right now. The risk is too great. They won't delay again.
But all the consoles by now have digital purchase channels, right? The physical copy is just nice to have thing? Or preferred by people with crappy internet.
    Not sure what you mean by "digital purchase channel". (Not familiar with that exact term) You mean like the Xbox Store or the PS Store? If yes, then yeah. We have those. However...

I could see the monumental cluster-f-ck of telling the A-holes like me that we have to wait an extra month to get our game because we made the "sin" of pre-ordering a physical copy and everyone else gets theirs on-time. Especially the people like me who dished oit extra for the collectors editions to show our support for the company.

I could also see the equally disasterous outcome of telling the digital users that they're waiting on the physical copies to be in place because "wtf?! Ours aren't physical! Just let us download our game!" (ETA: even you guys basically do this anyway for any game release. Afterall... the game is "done" months before it hits shelves, right? Why not just let you download it then? Because, release embargos.)

This solution, *quietly* delaying the game 30 more days and saying it's about last minute polishing, avoids the fallout that would come with the above 2 options. Yes, they still got flack but not nearly as much as the above 2 situations would have caused. 

Plus, there might be contracts about game releases to avoid one seller having the ability to sell it before another. Ie: it might break those contracts if Xbox and Playstation can sell their digital copies before Gamestop/Wal-Mart/etc can sell their physical copies. So they might *have* to release it all on the same day, and you know as well as I do, people aren't going to want to hear that. They'd scream about the "perfectly playable game" being withheld anyway.
As someone on an original xbox one i almost wish this was the case. Part of me thinks it would have been better to not have the option to buy it without a new console/pc.

But the horrific supply issue for new consoles/pc made me cave and buy it.
    I had one preordered but was lucky enough to win one instead. I think honestly I'd be less pissed if the game came out back in April before the new consoles launched.
        Most people aren't even fortunate enough to have finances to buy one but this guy did and wins one anyway!
            Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
                Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
                Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
        You should give one to a good friend or someone who is down on there funds would be a nice thing.

Ps. I’m down on funds
            Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
    Damn this reminds me that the XOne ran games at 900p back when it released, that's probably still the case with more demanding stuff...
        Yeah im worried it is gonna be unplayable but i can always not play it until the supply & demand equalises.

Its mad this is first time in my gaming life i can afford both consoles at launch but cant physically get either lol!
            But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
    I mean at least when you get the next gen console you’ll be able to replay it on the next gen version if it’s out when you get the next gen console.
    Just wait a couple months for Nvidia to release their midrange cards and restock up on the cards they're selling now.
Well be a great time to build a PC then
I was floored when I learned that Cyberpunk wouldn't be a next gen game
same! I was able to upgrade to a Series X so I'm excited to play it!
Unfortunately it’s looking like the Series S might take that place this gen
    nah, devs are telling microsoft to fuck off somewhere else with that shitbox, 20CUs is supposed to handle Ray tracing when the series X has 2060 RT performance? Give me a break. the 2060 can't even do RT properly at 1080p, let alone 4k even if its the upscaled crap. Right away devs are coming out and saying, no idiots, the series S will not support RT in ANY FORM. Not even shadows. Don't get me wrong, for $300, the series S is not bad if ur original Xbox breaks and U just wanna play older games. But if you have an xbox one X, zero reason to upgrade, and for next gen games it clearly won't run them properly even 2 years from now. Plus the nonexistent storage, black ops, warzone, and MW can't even all fit on their microscopic storage and charging $250 for their 1TB expansion is a joke.
Even so the new consoles have mid tier components even today
Yes, can consoles just please die already? then developers can just focus on making the best possible games and just release to PC
if the game is not delayed bc of the turds then why is there no turd gameplay? Notice how BOTH companies have only shown ps4 pro and ps5/xbox one x /series x. That's no accident from CDPR. People are gonna be shocked at how bad it looks on such terrible hardware.
Yes they did start on the One and PS4. Then they were given access to the new tech and said "hey we can make this even better" and added a bunch more and now it's straining the old tech. You can argue that's poor management and I'd agree you'd have a case there but to say it's a flat out lie is just ignorant.
    exactly, there is nothing they can do about crap hardware, and this generation is by far the worst of all time for consoles in terms of hardware. Never, EVER, has a cheap laptop igpu and a fucking PHONE cpu been faster than a console. Back in the ps2 days, consoles were almost as fast, even faster at some points, than PC. The hardware in the xbone and ps4 is a joke. Even Sony and microsoft know that, because they put real CPUs and much better tier (even for the time) gpus in the ps5 and series X
[deleted]
    They're also designed to run on the current generation.
        Except that, if we are being honest, the original Xbox one and ps4 are severely underpowered consoles. Yeah, cyberpunk may have initially started its development for them. But it’s been clear for a long, long time now that this is a next gen game they were going to have to gut the fuck out of to get it to barely run on previous gen consoles. The ps5/Xbox series x signify one of, if not the biggest, leap in generational console performance ever. Cyberpunk is a massive game using cutting edge tech. A 7 year old console that was fairly low powered even when it released (mostly because of the hdd) is going to fucking struggle to run this game. The minimum pc requirement for 2077 are a fair bit more powerful than last gen consoles, and that’s not even touching upon the recommended specs. Be prepared for this game to run and look like ass on previous gen.
Ive heard the one and PS4 versions had more bugs. I sense thats going to be an issue with most if not all cross platform games.
I haven't watched it but I still appreciate CDPR wanting to make this as good as possible. I just hope in the future they'll do indefinite delays or longer delays so they dont announce four or five different dates.
Stadia IS a problem child but I think the game itself is just the PC version that gets loaded onto a special server at google so on the dev side i dont think theres any special work to do for that. I could be wrong though.
Covid didn't help... Imagine how much time they lost during the first shutdown this year or any subsequent. It's easy to sit on the bench and critique but it truly sounds like you know fuck all about how this works. At the end of the day any customer should prefer a project with delays more than a shit project released. Especially if those are your only options. Thier last delay was for a day 1 patch and I personally appreciate that. 

If this is your expert barstool opinion what would it be if it was an unplayable mess on early gen consoles.
Being someone that was able to buy a next gen console I'm inclined to agree but I also would feel bad for people that weren't able to upgrade.
From a business point of view, they would want to maximise the Christmas period for sales. As gifts, spontaneous downloads for casual gamers, random downloads from people getting a PS5/Xbox etc That's so much money, they are turning away.
It would be extremely stupid for them to delay again lmao, chill out.
    I'm not saying that isn't true, I'm just saying that seeing physical copies isn't really evidence to that fact.  It's unlikely that they'll delay again, but not outside the realm of possibility.
True, but I do think it won't be delayed again just because CDPR knows people will be so incredibly pissed
choo choo
"I LIKE MY LOOT LIKE MY BABY STEAKS!

RARE!"
Believe it or not, this was the pinnacle of internet humor circa 2010.
    I was more an insanity wolf kinda fella back then.

Edit: This gonna come across as very "get off my lawn" but honestly I liked memes more when they were just advice animals and rage comics.

Shit nowadays is weak IMO.
Yeah, I saw that years ago when it came out on Newgrounds. I had some pretty dark expectations ngl
touche
that shit cray!
GETS THE PEOPLE GOING
Florida Man....
    The chances of running into Florida Man are directly proportional to how stupid you yourself are being.   


0% is not being in Florida and 100% is you are Florida man.
        .....how does functional alcoholism factor into that?
            That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
                Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
They call me the tambourine man, funny story about that...  Hey!  Where you going?  Come back!
I feel like he would do something like this 🤣

Like he really livestreamed it, then said he doesnt wanna expose his address and then sold it with his address.
There are extentions for that
And then sleep for 24 hours afterwards...
I think the t shirt thing is only for specific countries. They're giving it with the game here in my country.
For console. They are talking about PC.
I'm not arguing about FedEx. You commented that "this ain't FedEx" on a comment saying that Amazon throws packages, making it seem like that Amazon doesn't but FedEx does. I provided insight into Amazon shipping things to show that yes, Amazon does throw boxes, it isn't just a FedEx thing like you implied with your comment.
[deleted]
    Does it really? I thought it just comes with the disk and you just install it like normal.
        That's how it works. Just like the dude who leaked the Playstation 4 footage.
            I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
Damn, CDPR don't fuck around
    Yeah. But for real man I would expect leaks, like real substantial leaks to get out at the latest by next week around this time. This should be when some of the stores get their inventory delivered and there will be a fair few of them who don't give the FAINTEST of shits if they are selling a game before its supposed release or not.
Not sure what you mean by "digital purchase channel". (Not familiar with that exact term) You mean like the Xbox Store or the PS Store? If yes, then yeah. We have those. However...

I could see the monumental cluster-f-ck of telling the A-holes like me that we have to wait an extra month to get our game because we made the "sin" of pre-ordering a physical copy and everyone else gets theirs on-time. Especially the people like me who dished oit extra for the collectors editions to show our support for the company.

I could also see the equally disasterous outcome of telling the digital users that they're waiting on the physical copies to be in place because "wtf?! Ours aren't physical! Just let us download our game!" (ETA: even you guys basically do this anyway for any game release. Afterall... the game is "done" months before it hits shelves, right? Why not just let you download it then? Because, release embargos.)

This solution, *quietly* delaying the game 30 more days and saying it's about last minute polishing, avoids the fallout that would come with the above 2 options. Yes, they still got flack but not nearly as much as the above 2 situations would have caused. 

Plus, there might be contracts about game releases to avoid one seller having the ability to sell it before another. Ie: it might break those contracts if Xbox and Playstation can sell their digital copies before Gamestop/Wal-Mart/etc can sell their physical copies. So they might *have* to release it all on the same day, and you know as well as I do, people aren't going to want to hear that. They'd scream about the "perfectly playable game" being withheld anyway.
I had one preordered but was lucky enough to win one instead. I think honestly I'd be less pissed if the game came out back in April before the new consoles launched.
    Most people aren't even fortunate enough to have finances to buy one but this guy did and wins one anyway!
        Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
            Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
            Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
    You should give one to a good friend or someone who is down on there funds would be a nice thing.

Ps. I’m down on funds
        Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
Damn this reminds me that the XOne ran games at 900p back when it released, that's probably still the case with more demanding stuff...
    Yeah im worried it is gonna be unplayable but i can always not play it until the supply & demand equalises.

Its mad this is first time in my gaming life i can afford both consoles at launch but cant physically get either lol!
        But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
I mean at least when you get the next gen console you’ll be able to replay it on the next gen version if it’s out when you get the next gen console.
Just wait a couple months for Nvidia to release their midrange cards and restock up on the cards they're selling now.
Well be a great time to build a PC then
nah, devs are telling microsoft to fuck off somewhere else with that shitbox, 20CUs is supposed to handle Ray tracing when the series X has 2060 RT performance? Give me a break. the 2060 can't even do RT properly at 1080p, let alone 4k even if its the upscaled crap. Right away devs are coming out and saying, no idiots, the series S will not support RT in ANY FORM. Not even shadows. Don't get me wrong, for $300, the series S is not bad if ur original Xbox breaks and U just wanna play older games. But if you have an xbox one X, zero reason to upgrade, and for next gen games it clearly won't run them properly even 2 years from now. Plus the nonexistent storage, black ops, warzone, and MW can't even all fit on their microscopic storage and charging $250 for their 1TB expansion is a joke.
exactly, there is nothing they can do about crap hardware, and this generation is by far the worst of all time for consoles in terms of hardware. Never, EVER, has a cheap laptop igpu and a fucking PHONE cpu been faster than a console. Back in the ps2 days, consoles were almost as fast, even faster at some points, than PC. The hardware in the xbone and ps4 is a joke. Even Sony and microsoft know that, because they put real CPUs and much better tier (even for the time) gpus in the ps5 and series X
They're also designed to run on the current generation.
    Except that, if we are being honest, the original Xbox one and ps4 are severely underpowered consoles. Yeah, cyberpunk may have initially started its development for them. But it’s been clear for a long, long time now that this is a next gen game they were going to have to gut the fuck out of to get it to barely run on previous gen consoles. The ps5/Xbox series x signify one of, if not the biggest, leap in generational console performance ever. Cyberpunk is a massive game using cutting edge tech. A 7 year old console that was fairly low powered even when it released (mostly because of the hdd) is going to fucking struggle to run this game. The minimum pc requirement for 2077 are a fair bit more powerful than last gen consoles, and that’s not even touching upon the recommended specs. Be prepared for this game to run and look like ass on previous gen.
I'm not saying that isn't true, I'm just saying that seeing physical copies isn't really evidence to that fact.  It's unlikely that they'll delay again, but not outside the realm of possibility.
I was more an insanity wolf kinda fella back then.

Edit: This gonna come across as very "get off my lawn" but honestly I liked memes more when they were just advice animals and rage comics.

Shit nowadays is weak IMO.
The chances of running into Florida Man are directly proportional to how stupid you yourself are being.   


0% is not being in Florida and 100% is you are Florida man.
    .....how does functional alcoholism factor into that?
        That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
            Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
Does it really? I thought it just comes with the disk and you just install it like normal.
    That's how it works. Just like the dude who leaked the Playstation 4 footage.
        I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
Yeah. But for real man I would expect leaks, like real substantial leaks to get out at the latest by next week around this time. This should be when some of the stores get their inventory delivered and there will be a fair few of them who don't give the FAINTEST of shits if they are selling a game before its supposed release or not.
Most people aren't even fortunate enough to have finances to buy one but this guy did and wins one anyway!
    Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
        Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
        Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
You should give one to a good friend or someone who is down on there funds would be a nice thing.

Ps. I’m down on funds
    Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
Yeah im worried it is gonna be unplayable but i can always not play it until the supply & demand equalises.

Its mad this is first time in my gaming life i can afford both consoles at launch but cant physically get either lol!
    But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
Except that, if we are being honest, the original Xbox one and ps4 are severely underpowered consoles. Yeah, cyberpunk may have initially started its development for them. But it’s been clear for a long, long time now that this is a next gen game they were going to have to gut the fuck out of to get it to barely run on previous gen consoles. The ps5/Xbox series x signify one of, if not the biggest, leap in generational console performance ever. Cyberpunk is a massive game using cutting edge tech. A 7 year old console that was fairly low powered even when it released (mostly because of the hdd) is going to fucking struggle to run this game. The minimum pc requirement for 2077 are a fair bit more powerful than last gen consoles, and that’s not even touching upon the recommended specs. Be prepared for this game to run and look like ass on previous gen.
.....how does functional alcoholism factor into that?
    That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
        Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
That's how it works. Just like the dude who leaked the Playstation 4 footage.
    I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
Yeah that's crazy. Most sweepstakes I enter have a minimum income requirement. Only poor folks should win things
    Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
    Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
Had one preordered. I canceled it when I won one. I could barely afford one for myself let alone giving one away lol
But afaik CP offers a free next gen upgrade doesn't it? So eventually you will be fine :)
That's 50%. You are likely best friends with Florida Man.
    Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
I didn't see that leaked footage so I had no idea. Thanks for the info.
Wait you're kidding right? I've never seen a sweepstakes with a minimum income requirement. I apologize if I'm just missing an obvious joke.
Who says I'm not poor? I saved up for months to get the console, missed out on doing a lot of stuff, didnt drink, smoke, etc.
Naa, this is *BRITISH* functional alcoholism, not that wishy washy American “functional alcoholism”
