[[How is Cyberpunk 2077 getting praise everywhere for making a comeback and being one the the best games all the sudden]]


I saw how much people have been saying 2077 has really turned around since launch with the hype around The New Phantom Liberty expansion, so I redownload it but I just can't see it. The game looks very pretty at it has a solid art direction but that's it. The AI is still dumb as rocks, The driving feels like you aren't even on the ground, The enemies don't feel good to shoot as they take mags after mags to kill. The City feels empty, when I walk in downtown Night City it's like half the city or more just isn't there. The hacking also feels redundant as it takes too much time and your just better off shooting from the get-go, Along with the Cyberware tech. 

Overall unless Phantom Liberty OVERHAULS the game, 2077 is just a lifeless open world with a mediocre story and Keanu Reeves


I 100% CP2077.

Gameplay loop is basically just Fallout, go here kill enemies, upgrade, then kill more.

What hooked me was the story.

The individual gigs, characters and main story was good and immersive.

Modding to fix shit and make the gameplay better also helps.
    Eugh... the fact that's what Fallout's reputation has been reduced to...

I badly hope Microsoft will just give the IP to Obsidian so baby Bethesda will stop chewing on it and getting more drool on it.
        I'm starting to give up on Bethesda, though starfield is a great game the stupid engine has not changed much at all.  They need to redou it starting from its foundaiton. Still see crappy 15 year old graphics in certain areas, and there are no physics in some areas like the trees in New Atlantis look and feel like a drawing a kid made 20 years ago.  No ray tracing either.  I mean the engine lacks allot of new tech thats been around for the past 4 to 5 years.

Also space is almost useless in the game.  They purposly decided to do almost nothing with it. It's blaringly obvious.  You can tell they were very lazy in a bunch of aspects of the game.  Only uplift is its a great rpg once you get in an area on a planet thats populated.  It has a pretty good story though with at least 4 factions you can join.  The first person shooter has greatly improved from the fallout days.
        obsidian sucks just as bad if not worse than bethesda. outer worlds was significantly worse than fallout 76...
            You didn’t like outer worlds? I thought it was quirky and fun, if short
            You can’t judge Obsidian on Outer Worlds alone. They made New Vegas, arguably the best first person rpg ever. They also made Deadfire, which is one of the best (and most under-appreciated) isometric RPGs ever. 

Outer Worlds suffered from being a quite small game with a small team and budget that got blown out of proportion hype-wise because of the New Vegas-vibe creating unrealistic expectations. 

They weren’t expecting the huge interest it would get and it was a surprise hit for them (in terms of sales) as a result. I was hyped but as we all know the game was shallow and repetitive, despite some cool ideas. 

It was made was right in the beginning of the new dawn of RPGs, which have gone from being kind of on the way out (Skyrim and Fallout 4 aside) in favour of looter shooters to being the hottest thing in the industry (BG3, Cyberpunk and so on). At that time, the bar was set much lower for non-Bethesda RPGs. 

We’re now in a world where computer RPGs are bigger than ever and there’s a new Outer Worlds coming. I think that one will be what decides if modern-day obsidian can make a first person action rpg or not, because they know what the bar is now.
    Could you direct me to a recommended mod list?
        I can only suggest going to Nexusmods and sort by # of endorsements.

Usually more endorsements == good mod.

There are hidden gems but the popular mods are usually the good ones.

I won't actually suggest modding now. Most of them are gonna get broken by the new expansion coming out in a few weeks/months
> The hacking also feels redundant as it takes too much time and your just better off shooting from the get-go

My 'peek around the corner and send an entire squad into convulsing, puking, short-circuiting, cyber-psychotic frenzy in a matter of seconds without even being seen' begs to differ.
    Yeah, hacking is notorious for being wildly overpowered. You literally just pop Contagion and watch whole rooms of enemies drop dead.
        And they hit that with a nerf bat because it was toooo strong.  Still stupid strong though.
            It used to be *even more busted*!?
                Not sure if you can still do this but you used to be able to hack pinged targets through walls, so you could just ping a camera then quickhack a target and kill a whole base from 3 blocks away without ever even seeing an enemy.
                    Sounds fun honestly, why nerf this? It's a single player open world game wjo cares about game balance. Have some busted shit in there.
                        Dude fucking exactly. Balance is kind of the enemy of fun. There should be some really broken ways of annihilating things. It’s not like this is going to affect anyone else in any way, why not let people see what kind of crazy shit they can do in a cybernetic world?

Edit: I should mention I’ve put a couple hundred hours into Cyberpunk and the hacking is a lot of fun. For people worried that it would discourage other gameplay types, it doesn’t really. I personally like to do a hybrid of hacking and being able to use firearms. Switch it up when the mood strikes because combat isn’t really all that difficult to begin with.
                            Yeah, my first char was exclusively a hacker. Sure you can kill everything with essentially zero risk, but the tradeoff is that it's fairly slow and methodical. My 2nd char was a melee sword user and you can annihilate everything in seconds and have bullet-time up whenever you need it just by dashing.

This whole game is *supposed* to be a power fantasy. You go from a week nobody to a badass who can destroy a battalion of max-tacs in the blink of an eye. Being overpowered is the reward you get for building up your character.
                                I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
                    That's pretty much how I remember playing a Netrunner in the TTRPG.
                    IDK if that’s still a thing, but being able to hack through cameras is absurd.
                Yep lol.
        I love my cyberpunk world building to include flaws so glaring that no one would willingly subject themselves to the process.
        I've never enjoyed a mechanic in a game more lol
    The suicide perk also. I'm sneaking in a window, making eye contact with the mark, and that's that - the animation is also pretty hilarious. Lemme go collect that reward!
    My only run I was a strength based shotgun guy. If I ever do a replay I’m 100% going hacking.

Edit: typo
        My only run was hacking and it was so easy I feel like I need to replay it in order to experience whatever the intended challenge was supposed to be.
        1: get 20 intelligence

2: pick bartmoss' legacy talent (it gives you otherwise rare, legendary quickhack schematics for free.) You need this, because you can get the best quickhacks much earlier than getting the necessary funds/street cred to buy them, or even find the vendor which sells them (legendary short circuit was sold by 1, one, vendor in 1.5)

3: you can short circuit enemies through camera, and clear out whole locations in seconds, or without being shot at

4: you will have enough points to reasonably increase body/reflex/tech, so you get a good secondary option if hacking is not possible. I advise doing this, so you can take a more violent approach in quest when you start to be bored by hacking
    Distract target, Shutdown target, hide the body, repeat. 

I see no problems.
    Hacking gives you a god complex, but makes the game boring af.
This is something I say every thing theres a big internet scandal. The online gaming community is a minority. Cyberpunk 2077 has had good reviews on steam for a long time now. 

Overwatch 2 is another good example. So many people with a "I'm never touching this game again" attitiude after the recent PvE cancellation news. "Overwatch has been ruined, it's never been worse."

Yet, more monthly players now then ever before and by a lot. 

Bottom line, internet outrage is loud but also a minority opinion.
    Yeah the Hogwarts Legacy release proved that beyond a doubt. There was so much noise, I even read a post predicting it would flop because “everyone” was boycotting… turns out “everyone” was 50 terminally online Twitter users.
        *When they asked me to be an ally, I didn't know that meant I couldn't play vidya gahem?!!* ಠ_ಠ

Maybe it was 50 people with a spine left. 

I'm not even saying that absolutely everyone had to boycott the game. But some general support would have been nice, maybe the occasional guilty conscience. Instead it was a million assholes like you and proud of it too.
            Why cause you don't like that JK made your feelings hurt lol? I don't agree with your political beliefs, I agree with JK beliefs way more, why tf would I not support it. Most people actually do believe like JK Rowling, it's just that they get harassed if they say it.
            Those poor marginalized internet trolls needed all the support they could get once the two biggest enemies of the western world found themselves engaged in unpopular military conflicts.


Won't someone think of the bullies for a change? Get back on your knees and be a good ally!
        I had to unsubscribe from gamingcirclejerk since it literally just turned into a J.K. Rowling hate sub during that time
            I got banned from there for saying that I thought they were taking it too far with the bullying of content creators and dint want to associate with that behaviour.

I was part of the boycott but that almost made me buy the game out of spite. Communities like r/gamingcirclejerk really harmed the credibility of that movement in my opinion.
                I'm glad to see that sub dying. It went from making fun of lazy posts in r/gaming to a political shitshow akin to twitter.
                    Mods were banning people who weren't toeing the line.

Shows you the power of mods to shape or turn a community.

And of course admins have even more power than that.

Does make you wonder about the direction of things with the changes coming to reddit's systems. People hate mods but they haven't really seen what bad mods can do.
                Yeah fuck GCJ, when I joined a couple years back they where just an LGBT- and women-friendly gaming sub with spicy memes but also where I could have cool discussions about games. It's so sad to see what it turned into.
                    Exactly! It was almost a haven from all the toxicity in some other gaming communities, then it just devolved to a mess of its own.
                It used to be a great safe space that also made fun of the cringey part of gamer culture and it's largely a hate sub now. Sad to see, and the mods only encouraged it.
            Oh no, poor JK Rowling!
            It's just turned into those awful subs where you get banned for posting anything not 100% correct with the hive mind (or mod's private opinion).
        With HL the result was exactly the opposite of what boycotters wanted. All the attention just increased interest in the game. It was nothing more than free publicity.
            You really think a Harry Potter game needed some minor controversy to become known?
                That common take is so bad I can't help but laugh when I see yet.  Do people actually think that the vast majority of sales of Harry Potter even knew about gaming circle jerk?  It was always going to be successful, it's fucking Harry Potter.
                I can only speak for myself, but if there wasn't a massive outrage I would probably never seen gameplay footage, and wanted to play the game.

But yeah I get your point.
                    Sorry but no. I had female non-gamer friends (big Harry Potter fans) who bought a freaking PS5 just to play Hogwarts Legacy. It was always going to be big, controversial or not.
            Yeah I didn’t even realize the game was a thing until the boycott lol, then I looked into it and thought the graphics looked good and seemed like an entertaining game. I never bought it because I’m not a Harry Potter fan (nothing political, just never got into it) but I never would’ve even paid attention to it if not for everyone talking about the boycott for months
            "50 terminally online twitter users" aren't exactly a big free publicity, if anything most people that weren't online didn't even know there was a boycott of that game happening. In this sense, internet can really warp the perception of scale and interest for a certain thing/movement.

There's a valid point in calling out JK Rowling bigoted statements and behaviours against trans people. It was sad to see harassment targeted  towards content creators who wanted to raise funds to LGBT charities playing the game.
                
50 terminally online Twitter users is way off. Literally in every progressive space online and in every social network I’m in, people were having discussions about it.

But the important part is the impressions. Here’s some numbers:
In YouTube:
Video on it by kuncan dastner, 300k views.
Video by mutahar on the boycott, 550k views.
Video on it by pyrocynical, 550k views.
Video on it by The Act Man, 900k views.
Video on it by Film Champ, 1.2M views.
Videos by council of geeks, 500k+ views.
Video by Asmongold regarding the boycott, 1.1M views.
Video by HasanAbi about the boycott, 370k views.

A bunch of tiktoks from various creators regarding the boycott with over a million views each.

Articles about the boycott in LA Times, Forbes, The Guardian, Game Rant, Dextero, and many more.

That’s just part of it. If you don’t consider that free publicity, you must severely underestimate the value of online marketing when it comes to actually selling things.

And yes it was terrible they took to Twitch to harrass people for playing it and even convinced HasanAbi to NOT do a fundraiser about it. It was a bunch of massive Ls one after the other.
        Potterheads will buy no matter what. It's a fandom game, and I agree, the outrage is not enough to take-on a cult fandom similar to Star Wars.
        Hogwarts legacy is not the best example to be honest. I think most people still expected it to be top selling.
        Let's not pretend those are even remotely the same thing.  Cyberpunk and Overwatch got criticized for actual gameplay issues, Hogwarts Legacy got criticized because some of us don't want to give our money to a transphobic bigot.  

I'm not judging anyone who chose to buy it because I know there's a lot more nuance to the situation, but that is why I personally could not buy the game even though it honestly looked awesome.
            The source of the outrage is irrelevant. It can be technical, as with CP2077, or moral, as with Hogwarts. The principle is the same: online outrage is a poor barometer for the feelings of the general population.
            You can still play it without paying her if you like Harry Potter universe but not its creator ;-)
    I had to look into it. Overwatch’s playerbase is actually growing, I didn’t expect that x.x
All the online rage does absolutely nothing then. I should probably just start being less terminally online and just enjoy things.
        According to Activision Blizzard's financial records from April, player count has dropped by 18 million players from date of release to when that report was released.
        Thats the way. Somewhere along the line in the last few years I unsubbed from most of those subreddits, save for a few good ones like r/darksouls and r/bloodborne. Despite the oppresive difficulty of those games the communities are very positive
            The subreddits are positive. Stay off of the discords tho, I learned the hard way. All of the unironic "git gud scrub" type players are there in full force.
    I'm sure if you paid full price for it at release, you'd be right to give it a poor review. 
  
But I picked it up last year for £15 on PC and I had a great time with it.  
  
Yes the driving is a bit shit, and whilst the city looks good there's not much to do. But I'd be lying if I said I didn't have fun, loved the story and felt immersed in the world.
    The internet loves it's crusades and circlejerks.
        Yep.

The legit criticism of the game at launch was that the company made a stupid cashgrab by releasing it for last-gen consoles and trying to hide what a mess it was for last-gen consoles.  The game itself was always good, for machines that could run it.

But the Internet hates nuance, and loves dogpiling.  So "good game, but the company did something sleazy" turned into "Cyberpunk bad."
            Bruh the amount of game breaking bugs i had on release is just unjustifiable. "For the machines that could run it" the whole 3 of them?
                My mid-range computer ran it okay. Obviously not on full details. 

I had some bugs, but none of them were game breaking. Worst one I had, I had to load a save before start of a mission.
            I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land. The reaction to this game is incredible.

The story, the quests, the 'meat' of a good RPG was all there (and on the same quality as the Witcher) just marred by technical issues, and the hate mob was such that they started criticizing the game on precisely the things it did well for no reason?

The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects. It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid and people then retroactively have to convince themselves their work was actually trash all along.

Truly a stupid online hate mob.
                > I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land

"Everyone who doesn't have the same experience and tastes as me is stupid."

>The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects

Boing down the fact that the game was _literally broken_ for a significant percentage of the audience to "one aspect" is certainly a take. Particularly for someone really, really quick to call everyone else stupid.

>It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid

Ah no dude, it's like someone releasing a movie that just cuts off around a third of the way through for an awful lot of people and refuses to show you any more of it.
                    I'll summarize my post because apparently it wasn't understood:

The entire game outside of technical issues was at least the same quality as the Witcher 3.

Because it had technical issues people started complaining about all other aspects of the game (story, quests, combat, skills) as if they were bad too because they were mad at it.

This is not a rational attitude and I'm calling it stupid. Your response to my post did not address it so I could extend that adjective to you as well.
    I would agree that Overwatch has never been worse, but I’ve also got 2000 hours in it and play it daily. I liked Overwatch 1 SO much more, but I still think 2 is a very good game.
    100% this. I remember an old engadget post where Josh Topolski explained that something like less than half of a percent of readers ever commented on articles. So while something may seem like an "outrage" to uber-online folks (like us?), it may be inconsequential in the grand scheme.

Anyways, that applies to Cyberpunk in my opinion. The game is GREAT and many people still yelling at the sky that it's a "garbage" game are simply jumping on the hate train or have not played it.

CDPR's biggest crimes were releasing the game clearly unfinished and over-promising on features they were not able to implement after all. Criticism for that is very fair. But after fixing the bugs, what was left was still a really good game with very little (if any) equals. There are not really that many FPS RPG's out there and certainly even less with the dystopian motif... yet some people complain the game failed to deliver on its ambition even though no other game has met those ambitions either.
    I’m a 51 yr old gamer (so yeah, ancient old timer) who has a definite preference for open world games with a good story. My favourites over the past couple of years has been Horizon (ZD & FW) and Hogwarts Legacy. When Cyberpunk 2077 came out my kids were excited but then they started complaining about how bad it was… my daughter went off what she’d HEARD but never actually gave it a go. I literally started playing it recently because I was sick and off work and bored and thought, why not. And now I’m hooked. Don’t get me wrong, there’s definitely elements to it I don’t like. Driving cars sucks balls unless you’re driving like a granny but bikes are fine, so I simply avoid driving cars. Hacking kills are super easy and a bit boring after awhile so I try to avoid that as much as I can as well. But by far the best and my favourite thing in this game was all the cyber psychos! I friggin loved them! 

I’m on my second run through and I’m still really enjoying myself. I honestly can’t see why people complain so much about this one. No game is going to be 100% perfect so you know, enjoy the good bits and move on with your life chooms.
    Not quite on topic but similar, this is also why the "get woke, go broke" crowd thinks this way. They think that if they don't buy something it's going to be a commercial failure, without realising that they are a small chunk of the market and the diversity they are uncomfortable with actually aids sales in reality.
    Couldn’t have put it better :)
    >Bottom line, internet outrage is loud but also a minority opinion.

When the game is good, that is what happens. I hate blizzard, yet every outrage last me about 6 months, then I return to overwatch because the game is one of the only fun shooters IMHO. I haven't bough anything from blizzard since they supported the violation of human rights though. And I had all their games.

Cyberpunk 2077 is an amazing game with epic narrative. The story about the honest politician is just too amazing, and that is just one of several other terrific sidequests.
Good marketing. They spent so much money on advertising and marketing and it paid off, despite severe problems with the game. Then they released an (admittedly great) anime series which made everyone forget all the problems and misleading advertising of the game. 

They spent two years working on the game to fix some of the issues and now they’re about to sell the DLC for $35 and make a killing again.
    I'll be a little more specific and say CD Projekt Red do a phenomenal job marketing to  the 'hardcore' or whatever you want to call them audience. 

The "free DLC" for Witcher 3 was exceptionally well executed, managed to have the seemingly entire online audience swooning over some skins & cut quests that nobody else would have gotten away with, they still had everyone eating out of the palm of their hand right up till cyberpunks release despite all the warning signs of it being a complete mess.

It's genuinely impressive how well they can play an audience generally itching for some recreational outrage and that they're clawing back goodwill is testament to that.
        I have said this before, but their PR team is seriously amazing. They actually know exactly what to say to appease gamers, it's weird other AAA devs haven't been taking notes and do their PR in the same way.
            CDPR's whole campaign about how "we leave greed to others" was cringe then and _ultra_ cringe now, but it's all disappeared down the memory hole because, like you said, these guys are incredibly good at marketing.
                Any people have incredibly short memories. There's also a shortage of good "next gen" games out there, so people are willing to overlook even the most egregious missteps in order to play some games. Probably a lot of people justifying their expensive GPU purchases as well
                I mean... they clearly do have a different approach. They still want money but they also have GOG and champion DRM free gaming.
        I don't usually praise redditors on their writing skills, but gosh darn do I like this. Recreational outrage. Nice phrase
    This is the real answer. I have no doubt it's in a much better state than it was on release but marketing, stylish visuals and CDPR's (former) reputation as "the only non-greedy dev who loves you!" is basically amounting to a psyop trying to revise history.
        I think it's worth really emphasising how good that anime was, it opened the game up to a new audience and got a lot of people invested in the world. It was basically a fresh start.

It's like if game of the year was a licensed game to tie into the flash movie
            Or what the Clone Wars did to the Prequel trilogy
                > the Prequel trilogy

I think that's just children with nostalgia coming of age.
                I have a very good friend who insists that the Clone Wars is really, really good Star Wars and redeems the prequels. He is a very good friend, so I'll just agree that Duel of the Fates is cool as fuck and there are fun moments in Episode 3.
                    I'll back him up and say that the biggest gripe I had with the prequels is that there wasn't enough time for character development in between the set pieces.

TCW series fixes a lot of that, building the emotional depth that *should* have been there for "you were my *brother* , Anakin"
            Does the anime spoil any of the game? I need to dive back into the game, so I’m curious if it’s worth watching the anime prior to revisiting the game.
                I don't think the plots overlap. They capture the same dystopian near-future feel within the same setting.
                Same city. Different players. Set about a little less than a year apart. 

>!The anime doesn't amount to more than a few footnotes in the game. Likewise, I don't think the game amounts to much more than a footnote in the Night City universe.!<
                I can definitively say no. My girlfriend showed me the anime, she's a massive cyberpunk nerd and has played the game several times over. While we watched she told me about all the cool little bits to do with the game since I had no intention of playing it and wanted to hear her thoughts (I like listening to her rambles it's really cute). They are all one-way references, where it's a cool tie in to the game if you've played it, and not spoilery at all if you haven't.
                Pretty sure the anime is an unrelated prequel.
            Check Out the Steam reviews Graph. Its insane that it got 300k positive reviews on Launch
        Honestly, the game IS in a better state than release, but that isn't saying much.

The game was unplayable for me on release. Replayed it 6 monthsish ago and it was fine. 

And what did I think? It's an alright game. It was fun... It was also still not the game we were promised. It was the same underdelivering game it was on release, except these days, you can at least get to the end of it. It isn't a broken game anymore, but it's still the same game. A solid 7/10.

The Phantom Liberty overhaul doesn't really have a high bar to clear in terms of improving the game.
        I did like C2077,and I did enjoy Edgerunners. 

But my god,the amount of people thinking that C2077 is the 2nd coming of christ is unbelievable.

The story is great, alongside some set pieces, but after the 1st playthrough I feel like I am playing 'Far Cry: Cyberpunk edition'
            'Far Cry: Cyberpunk edition'... yeah, that about nails it. Still fun.
        How was CDPR the only non greedy developer? Why did they call them that? Naughty Dog, insomniac Games, Sucker punch, etc. are greedy?
        Psyop?
        So it sounds like you haven't played the game, but you're basing all of your opinion on your mind that was already made up based off the launch and hype. Alright. Yes, psy-op is the only reason someone could like it. 

Listen, it's a good game and many people have gotten away from some of the hysteria (in both directions) and enjoyed it for what it is. That's fine if you don't like or don't ever want to give it a chance, but many of us like it. I've had a blast in it over two play-throughs and cannot wait to play the new DLC for a 3rd play-through.
            It's a good game, it's not the game they advertised and they deserve to get flak for that.

It was also unplayable on console on release which has improved in the years since which is also fine to be mad about.

You can be mad if you were falsely advertised to and sold a broken game **but** I doubt anyone could be this many years in so a lot of people have discovered a pretty good game that ties into their new favourite anime to play on their ps5 with nothing much else on it besides elden ring.
                No Man's Sky didn't deliver on what they advertised when it came out. They got a lot of flak for it. It was unplayable on consoles on release.

But the devs kept at it. They fixed bugs. Added features that were promised at the onset, then added more on top of that.

Nowadays, the game is nothing like what initially came out. It's better than what they initially promised. So should people continue to be mad about it?
                    "it's better than what they initially promised"

Meanwhile CP2077 is still only around half the game that was promised. Currently it's not a bad game but it's still far from anything special.
                        I'm asking with sincerity: What did they not deliver on? I did not really follow the pre-launch hype.
                            Not op, but i think you hold openworld games to a certain standard that is missing in cyberpunk.

You cant shoot in a car, cops spawn behind you, no car customization, an origins system that did jack shit. 

Also, the mission where you rescue someone at the start?[Destructible environment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/slzlki/destruction_in_this_place_very_satisfying_shame/) that is very limited in the rest of the game.

It felt soulless tbh. I stopped at 20 hours and would probably come back when the expansion is released. I do still check and read the big patches that come out.

Cyberpunk seems like a game up my alley but it wasnt anything special when i played it. Im hoping the expansion and 2.0 update changes that.

These days, when im tempted to give cyberpunk another go, i just think to myself that i shouldnt hold it to other openworld sandbox's standard, you know?
                                So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
                                    [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
                                    Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
                    NMS has been making massive updates for years. All for free.

CDPR made some major bug fixes, threw in some jackets and called it a day. Now they're asking for more money.  
They released early because they got greedy (maximise sales during the generational shift). They barely fixed the issues in the game (just the majority of bugs) and now they're selling a DLC because they got greedy.

It's only silly *not* to call them out on it.
                    I upvoted you, to hopefully garner some good faith, but I'm going to disagree ever so slightly with you also. 

I believe there is still a legitimate source of anger with respect to this saga, and not just for CDPR either - all of the game companies do this now. They rush a bug-filled mess, give their mea culpas, and eventually deliver on a playable game that may or may not be what the pre-launch advertisements claimed that it would be. It is proper to be mad about this, and proper to keep that anger alive within the community, because companies shouldn't be permitted to continually get away with this. 

I like CDPR, I think they're better than at least some other companies. I dislike what they did here and I don't want them doing it again. I do not believe they deserve any credit for fixing a broken game. I will give them unreserved credit if their next game releases in accord with their pre-launch promises and not in a bug-filled mess.
                    NMS actually kept improving and adding content all for free. CP77 barely added any new content and now wants people to pay more for an already unfinished story game
                Everyone knows it was broken at launch. Everyone. Nobody has forgotten.

However, it seems they've made a solid effort to make the game playable and the new expansion seems good. The writing in a lot of places is excellent and the gameplay is fresh, though no, it's still not a fully living and breathing cyberpunk GTA.
                    >The writing in a lot of places is excellent

It sounds like you really want to like it.
                        I played on release and everyone agreed that the writing (especially the sidequests. Man some of them are amazing) was not the bad part. Almost everything else was.
            You’re exactly right. The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing. The anime series made me want to replay it and I’m actually looking forward to Phantom Liberty. The game is far from perfect but it’s fun and that’s what gaming is about.
                > The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing.

But surely you understand why people aren't too keen on it and why it's weird that people are calling it one of the best games of all time?

Hell, your own description was "a fun game that I enjoyed finishing" which is fine but it's not exactly the description of a masterpiece, is it?
                    We’ll that’s a step too far imo. It’s fun but who am I to say if it is or isn’t  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
            It's an ok game at best.
        How are people still talking about the whole CP2077 being bad at launch when only the PS4 version was shit, it was without any problems on PC and with some minor issues on PS5.

The hate circlejerk just keeps going on and on...
            > it was without any problems on PC

For you apparently.  
I've many mates who had massive issues with it on PC.
        'psyops'... really now...
        From launch to now the game is pretty solid. Game play is fun, it runs decentl, and the story is really good. Still buggy but nothing like it was. Ahould have been like this day one.
Phantom liberty is supposed to overhaul the base game too. Might be worth a replay.

To be fair tho i enjoyed the game shortly after tge jntial bug fixes at launch and played multiple playthroughs. So tske my opion for what it is.
            Yeah that's kind of the problem, though. "Pretty solid", "runs decently", "less buggy than before", "might be worth a replay" - these are not phrases I would use for a game that people are saying is the Best Game Ever.

Number scores are meaningless but I'd assume a 6/10 or 7/10 from those phrases, and those are the kinds of phrases I see pretty often.
                Yea I'd give it a seven. Which is pretty good for games these days. Only game I've played in recent times that's blown me away from triple a developers was like elden ring... and even that had some shitty aspects with boss quality even more agregious that ds2.

Cyberpunks story is really where it shines imo. After a couple playthroughs things make more sense and you gain a different perspective. It's decently well written
    I feel like in an odd way the buggy launch kinda helped them out. The game is still missing around half of the promised features, but at launch it was so buggy loads of people seem to have completely forgotten about the cut features. Now they just point at the lack of bugs and claim that CDPR has fixed the game, ignoring the fact it's still only half finished.
        All the bugs have helped obfuscate all the missing features...

...And all the missing features have helped obfuscate the bad game design of what *is* there. 

Even *if* it had no bugs, and even *if* it had everything they promised, it would still be a mid experience of half-thought game design elements and disconnected systems, you'd still get a fuckload of useless equipments, useless consumables, barebone "press a button and be done" hacking system, no enemy variety, and godknows what else I forgot because it was so uninteresting.
            What the games does really well are visuals and level design. It’s actually quite a lot of fun going around the city and figuring out how you can get from point X to Y with nothing but the game’s standard jumping and climbing mechanics. Everything else is serviceable but very mid.

I can’t get over the opening cutscene. It was 100% supposed to be playable. The way characters get introduced and the fact that you end up face to face with a fixer who later acts like they’re meeting you for the first time are dead giveaways. The narrative design also suffers extremely for it because all the sidequests revolve around you building up your legacy, which should have led up to the Dexter DeShawn introduction. Instead your first mission is this top level job from a prominent fixer and then you spend the rest of the game trying to figure out how to stop your brain from being taken over by a resurrection chip.

I’ve allowed my disbelief to be suspended before in games like Skyrim where world level threats are looming and yet you just have to help this one dude cross the street for 5 wheat bushels, but the fact that you’re constantly reminded of how fucked up your brain is when the screen glitches out every few days makes it almost impossible to really immerse myself in all these different areas of the story outside of the main quest.

And of course there’s the obvious fact that lifepaths do jack shit and the amount of narrative control you have pales even in comparison to CDPR’s previous titles.
                Man, let me pay you a virtual beer.  
I'm so tiered of reading brainless people saying CB2077 is great **Role**PG with an amazing scenario and characters when the whole story is a mess of which the most interesting part has been turned into a 2 minutes cutscene so they could focus on bringing Keanu Reeves to do some marketing.
        Even with all the bugs and lack of features aside, what is there is just an utterly mediocre game.

Story/Characters/Cutscenes/Voice Acting and Visuals, that stuff is pretty good, but gameplay - the most important part to me and many - is just kinda bad. Gunplay doesn‘t feel good, driving doesn‘t either, missions are boring get from A to B quests, there‘s no emergent gameplay in the open world… at least that was my impression from the time I spent with it.
            >sions are boring get from A to B quests, there‘s no emergent gameplay in the open world… at least that was my impression from the time I spent with it.

Can you give an example of a game that gives you all those things, in a way CP2077 didnt?
        This is a great take. Even with game breaking bugs fixed, it's still a very lame and experience with dull gameplay. Art direction is amazing though.
        Extremely good point.
        I have mixed feelings - marketing guys often lie and overpromise, and people just keep falling for it.
            I grew up in the era of Peter Molyneux, I learnt early on not to trust marketing
    Not just marketing, but YouTube trends. "CP77 ... actually good now?" is natural clickbait.

A couple of the videos blew up (despite the answer being ".. not really") and then suddenly lots of people are making videos on the same thing because the algorithm starts pushing them.
    Compare both Cyberpunk 2077's and The Witcher 3's Steam reviews with the date that their respective anime/live action series counterparts and see how the volume of positive reviews absolutely sky rockets. 

Both games were initially met with much criticism over the state in which they were released and slowly regained footing with the community, but the series are what presumably introduced new people to the games that weren't there for the worst of it.
        Whats also interesting is if you look at Critic reviews when Witcher 3 came out many of the pount out how repetitve the quest design is which as much as i love the quests un Witcher 3 there games such as New vegas, Fallout 3 and Kingdom come that have much better quest design as they give you far more freedom. So although i love Witcher 3 i feel it is really overated when it comes to quest design as there games that give you so many more options to solve a Quest.
    I don't think it's just "Marketing". Marketing gets people to buy the game—it doesn't make them _enjoy_ it though. The real answer is much simpler: the people who enjoyed the game were enjoying it for what it was. I'm one of those—I played it about 9 months ago (even posted [a review on this sub](https://old.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/x22o5f/cyberpunk_2077/)). Given the general tenor of people's opinion on the game, I went in with pretty low expectations but it ended up being one of the best games I played last year.
        They just want to say some stuff to sound smart and don't realize how stupid what they actually say is.
    I agree! Edgerunners created a hype train that EXPLODED the games popularity. That was there most financially successful quart iirc.
    Marketing is part of it. But the game is fun. I played it on ps5 and had a good time. From what the developer is saying, the updates being released alongside the dlc are significant. I'm tempted to go back and play through again. And yes, Cyberpunk Edge Runners is really, really good. I'm not a big anime person either, but loved it.
    They should offer the DLC for free as a thank you and apology.
        It’s free for $35.
            All the game overhauls it brings are comming with a free update.  The $35 is for the new story.  It's up to you.  Ya I don't know if it's worth it.  It better be a very long story cause thats almost what a new game would cost.
                Word is it's a 30-hr campaign so it may even out?
        While Phantom Liberty content is not free the lead has said that there is a free update coming to the base game with all of the overhauls.
    marketing? what marketing did they put in after release?  

lots of people loved it on release... including me... for those that experienced bugs they didn't but they eventually played it bug free and enjoyed it.... 

steam review trends confirm this... the people bitching about the game have always been people expecting gta6 and that makes up a small minority of folks compared to the majority who expected an urban witcher game... and were not disappointed...
        Ugh... I knew I'd find the sane answers buried in downvotes.
        > marketing? what marketing did they put in after release?

Edgerunners?
            that's not an advertisement for the game... that was a standalone project....
                It literally is an ad.  
It’s also a decent anime. 

It can be both.
        Weird how you insist on talking about the company's responsibility _after release_ but then blame the community for what the company expected, because of what the company was expecting _before release._
    Said anime proceeds to cause a debate among gamers because it led to cyberpunk being awarded with "Labor of Love" over games likr zomboid or deeprock.
    I'll be honest, the anime is what got me into the game. And I do actually like it.
    It took them 2 years to fix the most basic and glaring issues that should have been fixed before the game even launched. Even basic quality of life shit like being able to change your appearance after the start of the game or police not spawning inside of you. 

But for some reason everyone praises it like it's suddenly "good", they've barely made it what it was SUPPOSED to be on launch let alone actually adding new things. 

It's a shame because the game has a huge amount of potential but with all the fixes and tweaks, there's still problems with the story and gameplay loop that you can't just patch away.
    Release a (pretty mid) anime and all sins are forgiven
    You can buy it at GOG for half the price though
        Isn't it on steam for half price very often as well?

Or is gog half of half?
I went in with zero to negative expectations recently and there’s definitely a lot broken there or stuff that falls short (anything involving driving is just plain bad). However the stuff that does work, works _really_ well for me. I love the characters, the atmosphere, the side quests… I just wish that the leadership on the game had been better because there’s genuinely something special and passionately made under the jank.
    Same, went in with zero expectations and obviously there are problems, but the characters and dialogues alone omg i never experienced such fleshed out characters that really feel real
>  The hacking also feels redundant as it takes too much time and your just better off shooting from the get-go, Along with the Cyberware tech.

It's an RPG, if you do a netrunner build hacking is godlike in this game. If you don't spec for hacking, level up and unlock perks you're just going to have a bad time hacking because you're character has no hacking skill.
    I fucking love hacking in this game! It can be insanely op with the right build and it's so much fun just walking past a group of enemies do a quick hack and have them all drop behind you like you're in an action movie
        Absolutely. By end game my V could drop 5 enemies right off the bat and finish the 6th with a well placed headshot.

Made me feel like a PsyOps Stealth God.
The first few hours I didn’t enjoy the game. So I put it down and didn’t expect to come back to it, but I did. I was pleasantly surprised after the next couple hours. I was in love with the game by the end.

I have no plans to return for DLC, but it was quite enjoyable. I ended up buying it again but for pc to play a second playthrough.
    Even if you don't plan on returning for DLC, I think the patch that will overhaul the game is worth checking out.
        Really? Didn’t hear about that. I still haven’t finished my second playthrough so I probably should go check that out.
            It hasn't been released yet but they talked about some of the stuff that will be overhauled which quite a lot. I think they will released it in 3 months lol

https://www.gamesradar.com/cyberpunk-2077-phantom-liberty-offers-such-sweeping-changes-its-being-hailed-as-cyberpunk-20/
                Damn they’re really hyping it up. I might actually buy it just to feel that second play through in a 2.0 mode.
                    Yeah I'm still on my first playthrough, just a couple of hours in but this makes me consider holding out continuing until the patch is released.
                        If I was you, I would hold off. I think I tried playing right around the 1.5 patch, but there was still work to be done. I played a little later and it was fine. I’m gonna hold off too
                            Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
                            Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
Gotta say I’m a little confused too because while the game has some cool aspects, it’s beautiful and has incredible atmosphere, the story can be pretty cool at times. 

But a lot of it is so mid, and the actual gameplay loop and combat is bare bones and boring.

And I agree Phantom Liberty has to have some significant changes. I want factions, I want meaty satisfying combat, I want actual reasons to keep playing, not just an Ubisoft style checklist.
    I'd settle for driving that isn't so atrocious that I spend the entire game on the motorcycle purely because they handle more predictably.
        Obviously this is not an acceptable solution to an issue with a game but if you wanna give it another go there's a mod on the nexus that improves driving a lot
        Actually they're really improving the whole driving system plus a full overhaul of the police system in the game. These changes will be live after the dlc launches and will be free for all cyberpunk owners. The state that they launched the game was unforgivable but yea they _have_ made some improvements to say the least
    I was so disappointed with the cyberware selection this time around yeah. The first Cyberpunk franchise game to get a video game release would have been a great chance to show off the iconic cyberware from previous games, finally visualize them outside of the theatre of the mind, but instead they deleted most of em, dropping the cyberware list to a tiny percentage of what it used to be, butchered cyberware customization, and then on top of that, most of the cyberware that survived comes with glaring visual bugs that make them a pain to use lol
        What I don't understand is why the game has a fucking skill tree. Cyberware was the perfect system to make character progression be an immersive part of the game that is integrated with the core themes of the setting, but instead they gutted the cyberware system and filled the game with the most generic AAA mechanics possible.
            I don’t mind a skill tree tbh, cyberware has never been the ONLY way to improve your character, after all, but I would have much preferred it if it was just the skill list from previous games, where you can pour your IP into  your characters skills to improve them, but then they ditched most of the RPG elements at the last second to swap it to an action adventure game, so there’s no rolls for anything, there’s not stealth rolls, deception rolls, human perception rolls, etc, so putting points into improving your human perception wouldn’t mean anything anymore.



And then they gave this jank ass version of a skill tree


I will say I’m interested to see how it improves from here tho, since they are reworking the whole skill tree when the dlc drops.
    Same boat here. After the fixes, it looks like an *alright* game. I'll say the same thing about Fallout 76 here, where the result was *okay* after some work. But there was a lot to put up with just to have these games reach the level of 'adequate', and I don't see where the love comes from.

Like hey, I'm not a Fortnite player, but I can see where the appeal came from and how the game became an immensely popular hit, but then I see a middle-of-the-road game like Diablo IV whose only explanation I can think of for selling well is that it was advertised freakin' everywhere.
        I'd argue that the people that stuck through the mess that was launch and the years of bug fixes are committed to the game and more forgiving than all those that left. It filters everything out but hardcore fans.

So of course, those hardcore fans will say that everything is better now and that it turned into the 'best game evar.'
            That goes for most games these days to be honest. So many terrible launches that only manage to retain die-hard fans of the franchise or developer. Most AAA games are living off the hardcore players that no-life them and not by attracting new players.
            Outside of the obvious issues on consoles, the launch was amazingly smooth for Cyberpunk on PC. I played through the whole game before I even knew there were major issues with it. And I only knew there were major issues because Reddit was blowing up complaining about console performance and a bunch of features working as described by CDPR's marketing team and not like they thought it would based on their head canon.
                The delusion of the fanboy.

Sure, you didn't have problems so no one had problems.

It wasn't the devs / publishers fault, it was the customers fault for believing them.
                    i didn't either... and maybe if you werent living in a world of denial you might accept the many people who had a fine experience....
                    I'm not going to say there were no issues, but I also had a great experience on launch on PC.
        Gotta say I’m liking D4 a lot. Can’t remember any ARPG with this much content on release. PoE went to act 2, D3 is notorious for being practically just the campaign on release. Grim Dawn had a ton added over the years.

And with D4 being a seasonal game, and the base already being good but with lots of room to add more systems and content I’m pretty happy, tons of potential. And I’m already enjoying pushing nightmare dungeons and preparing for the Uber boss.
            My issue with D4 is that the quantity is not quality. They have a lot of stuff but most of it is trash. I see how it's fun, but compared to even D3, it's overly grindy in the wrong ways. It's like they learned nothing from their previous games.
            yeah, i actually enjoyed d4 quite a bit and i was very very skeptical going in. 

finished campaign and got through level 50 on my first toon and i’m overall satisfied (i’ve never had the desire to grind endgame in ARPGs). i’m the exact kind of casual ARPG/diablo dad gamer that the d4 sub complains about lmfao. 

i can tell once seasons are rolling that it’s gonna be the perfect game for me to come back to for a couple weeks every year, and that’s all i need it to be.
            Agree. I've been playing it non-stop (when I have time, which isn't often) and having a blast. It's also one of the few AAA games I've bought that isn't a bug fest, and the servers have been almost rock solid for me.

I have heard that past lvl 70ish the content sort of dries up, but I think that will be resolved in seasonal updates.
            Really love Grim Dawn and would like to see another.
        [deleted]
            I'd play Fallout 4 vanilla any day every day over stuff like Cyberpunk 2077, it's not even funny. 

Say what you will about Bethesda but the way all their systems and game designs are developed and interconnected makes for a really dense experience. 

It's kinda weird to say that about Bethesda, but I feel like CP77 is more beautiful on the surface but really shallow, whereas Fallout 4 is ugly and unappealing on the surface but once you do actually scratch under the surface there's *a lot* under the hood. Like how for example the dialogue is really bare bone compared to other RPGs, but then you look at all the different ways the world and NPCs can react to you, what you're wearing, what you're equipped with, what you did, in what order, with who you are, and suddenly it feels really impressive as an RPG - it's just one that reacts to your action instead of your dialogue. 

Anyway, Bethesda without mods are the whole cheesecake, it just so happens that mods are a whole other bakery too.
    Honestly the mileage you get out of combat in the vanilla unmodded version depends heavily on your build.

In my first playthrough i essentially made a Doom guy who could one shot everything with shotguns, even through walls, double jump all over the place and slow time whenever he's surrounded. For me, it was fun enough to see me through the game, especially with the gruesome dismemberment system. I really liked the setting, characters and story, so i put a good 120 hrs into it.

I saw others have a lot of fun by making essentially invincible hackers who would waltz into buildings and have enemies instantly die/kill themselves.

But other builds, like going full stealth or treating it like a cover shooter, have consistently less mileage on them due to dumb/predictable AI and the levelling system that makes enemy health pools all over the place.
    Maybe money? I don't forget how everyone was giving it 9/10 or 10/10 reviews up until players starting getting mad about it and suddenly all reviewers where calling it a disaster.
        tbf, those review scores were more made in fear of harassment from fans rather than getting paid, because man, saying anything bad about cyberpunk before release was enough to get you crucified for some people.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

hell, i think back to that one 7/10 review the game got, that was entirely spot on, and yet the person who wrote it got a ton of death threats
            A reviewer said the game could cause epilepsy seizures (she suffered from it) but otherwise gave it praise and some people sent her seizure inducing videos. Some people are just dicks.
                yep, but those people genuinely believe she was insulting cyberpunk by saying that. those people are just dicks, but they're dicks that are extremely common, especially when it comes to a game people decided pre-release was gonna be the greatest video game to ever release. it didn't even matter to them that she liked the game, all that matter to them was that she said anything that could be perceived as "hurting the hype"
                    Be careful of thinking things are common, just because its really easy to be a loud jerk online with a host of modern harassment tools at their fingertips. It only takes a few these days to be far reaching and cause problems for people.
            That sounds more as an excuse than a real reason. The reviewers' job is to provide a relatively objective review (with a bit of personality, yes, but that should not alter the evaluation itself). Death threats are unacceptable and should be reported, but they should not be even part of the calculation. Otherwise, they (and the company they are associated with) will rapidly lose credibility and, with it, their source of income.
                except it's a sad reality that it will actively affect how a review might be scored. this is absolutely a real fucking reason. hell, as another comment said, even just pointing out you might get a seizure from the game was enough to receive death threats. the pre-release of cyberpunk was on a different fucking level to any other game and the fear of harassment can easily affect a lot of people scoring.

&#x200B;

it will be the same with gta 6. a lot of people will be terrified of saying anything negative because a lot of gamers are fucking losers that think harassment is a valid response to criticism towards a game they didn't even play yet. hype can absolutely cloud people's judgement and anyone who says anything going against the hype train will suffer badly and it's definitely affecting people in the games criticism industry
    People still play assassins creed games which it is substantially more interesting than.

Atmosphere can do a lot for a game. There are surprisingly few games that actually do cyberpunk stuff despite it being such a good fit for the medium.
    I feel like they should've made a linear game.
        That goes for all CDPR games imo.
    >the actual gameplay loop and combat is bare bones and boring

Were you playing it as a cover shooter? It really shines as you get better with maneuvering and using blades is sweet.
    I don't really get how people think the combat is bare bones. That being said I've modded the living fuck out of the game and its combat.
- driving does suck, hate it
- ai is dumb
- game is very gorgeous
- it's an rpg first, enemies have healthy pools, mind you you the player has an armor stat and so do some enemies. Enemies are stronger in some areas and especially early on in the game you're going to be relatively weak before you become busted
- there are upgrades to make hacking both quicker, faster, and so much deadlier, won't even need to be in the area and can hack enemies just from a surveillance camera
- ps4/Xbone version felt empty but on PS5 and PC it feels evey well lived in to me, certain parts of the city, especially the outer parts, aren't as populated while the more downtown/metropolitan areas are filled with activity and lift, whether that be people just walking or being annoyed by how many cars are on the street as I'm going 120mph in a vehicle with shit handling.
- personally the cyberware, using katanas, being able to slow down time, being able to jump roof to roof is fun 

Anyways, what really makes cyberpunk truly special is the storytelling and world-building. The city feels like a real city, the friends and people you meet all feel like real people with their own issues.

From a surface level without messing around with the games mechanics, the various people you can meet, and the wide variety of ways to play the game then yeah it'll be boring as shit. For me it's a game I'm happy I have 200hrs in and I can't wait for phantom liberty to put in more
I didn't really play CP for the vast open world or whatever.

I mean, you have a pretty good and "alive" world in games like RDR2 and yet, after enjoying it for a bit, It gets boring real quick.

But what CP really had to offer was enough for me, there were tons of interesting missions and I just loved experimenting and having fun with the perks and the games combat. The story was phenomenal, I was really interested in the characters and I really connected with V which also made me invest a lot in making her look badass.

Now, If they intend to add a ton of new cool things, I am all for it. But honestly, I really don't see the appeal of games adding a ton of random stuff to do in these cities just because they can. You can do tons of shit in GTA and yet I've never done any of it and I am pretty sure a vast majority of people haven't either, probably did but you do it once and then move on never to return again. But I guess It's exciting to say "wow, you can play tennis, or go bowling with Roman". Gwent was probably the only exception.

For what it is, It's great. For what it isn't, go play something else.
    Yeah, boiled down to its core loop, Cyberpunk is the same as The Witcher 3 - the missions and stories are key, the gameplay is just serviceable and the open world is there for (gorgeus) set dressing.
        I got frustrated with the little side stories... In the Witcher 3 they often had some environmental storytelling *first*, then maybe someone or thing to fight. Or you randomly got attacked first, fought back, then found out why.

In cyberpunk, every single thing was show up and start blasting without knowing why, only that they are marked red. Then read a conversation that makes you go 'ah yes, I'm glad I blasted these guys'

They're well written but the actual process is such a step backwards
            I agree there. Witcher 3 was a fairly static world that gave the impression of being dynamic on a first playthrough by using what you described. I do think it overused the "found the convenient note leading to a tresure 50 feet away" encounter, but at least it had some variations on that. 

Here they just seem to run out of time to script stuff and just used the same framework to populate the world with "content". What's more baffling is that, if you use a mod called "Missing Persons - Fixer's Hidden Gem", which tracks easter eggs in the game, you'll see that at least a couple of those have some minor follow-ups if you return later - but there's absolutely no reason to do it and the game doesn't in any way nudge you to go back to NCPD scanner areas you already did.
        Thank you, I was struggling to verbalise my feelings but you summed them up perfectly. Unfortunately this is why I hate CDPR (although CP was alright).
    idk man I spent hours playing tennis in GTAV. Obciosuly it's not for everyone and as you said, most people don't give a shit, but I enjoyed how you could pic kanother character up and go out with them, playing darts, golf, etc. Even if those minigames weren't the greatest, I enjoyes that a lot.
    The importance of a good open world like in RDR2 goes way beyond doing mini-games or side activities. You feel part of a living, breathing universe that responds to you and it keeps the immersion intact all through your playthrough, even if you never play poker or whatever.

In CP the concern is not the absence of tennis or bowling; it’s about the open world feeling fake, like a carboard cutout, in big part because of the garbage NPC AI. There's practically nothing that reacts to your actions apart from enemies and the two predetermined animations the NPCs have. This isn’t about needing more ‘fluff’ to do, but rather a more sophisticated and authentic world that acts as a good backdrop even if you do nothing but the main story.
        Yeah, you're right. I mean, It is garbage, can't argue there.

But what exactly are we comparing it to? Are we comparing it to RDR2?I mean, there's not really many things you can compare this open world to besides that game, only Rockstar really.

I think the disappointment was coming purely from expectations from underdelivered promises.
>Overall unless Phantom Liberty OVERHAULS the game, 2077 is just a lifeless open world with a mediocre story and Keanu Reeves

I think that is exactly what it's supposed to do. 

I dunno, it's been getting praise for some time, since they ironed out the bugs etc. 

It's not for everyone and that's OK, doesn't necessarily make it a bad game.
    There are basically two camps, there are the people who didn't have any expectations going in and got a fun but sort of shallow and unbalanced narrative game with some cool ideas and a jaw dropping setting. The game breaking bugs were fixed over time and it's smooth for most people now. 

And there are people who were aware of what was promised, and very acutely notice the absence of core features that just never materialised. 

There's no doubt that 2077 is a fun game but I think what irriates a lot of people is that it could have been a truly magnificent game if they had just spent more time on it. 

Which is why I admire the way nintendo releases games. They don't even tell you about it until it's nearly ready and they have zero qualms about pushing back dates if they won't be hit.
        I'm in either of those camps. I was looking forward to it, found it a buggy mess, but think all the other aspects of it were still pretty good. Enjoyed the world and the gameplay loop, thought the characters were great, enjoyed plenty of the quests too. I find it weird the hatred the game gets in these sort of threads.

I'm definitely gonna pick up the DLC at some point and replay the whole thing.
        >There are basically two camps, there are **the people who didn't have any expectations going in and got a fun but sort of shallow and unbalanced narrative game with some cool ideas and a jaw dropping setting**. The game breaking bugs were fixed over time and it's smooth for most people now.  
>  
>And there are people who were aware of what was promised, and very acutely notice the absence of core features that just never materialised.

This describes my experience to a T. Didn't get a modern console (i.e. I was a switch peasant) until after the game had been out for a year or so. I knew it had been hyped as a major release but that's about it. I enjoyed it for what it was but can completely understand why people are disappointed due to what was promised.

The reception of Cyberpunk reminds me greatly of the divided reactions to Fable for the OG xbox, another highly hyped game with loads of promised features.
            Project Ego. 

Little did we know that Peter Molyneux was talking about himself not the game
        That's not exactly true, im still waiting on metroid prime 4 since 2017
            Today was a disappointing day for Metroid fans.
        Really can't compare it with Nintendo, as Cyberpunk was all about pushing hardware to it's absolute limit and many of its issues stemmed from that. Nintendo hasn't published a game on a platform with more compute power than my mobile phone in 15 years. And they've all been homogeneous not PC.
        >And there are people who were aware of what was promised, and very acutely notice the absence of core features that just never materialised.

most people understand what a promise constitutes and most of the previews were not promises.... people talk all sorts of things during development... many will get left on the cutting room floor... if you've ever followed any release closely it's no different than any of those... 

that you get butthurt over it shows naivety...
Maybe, just maaaaaaaybe, different people see different things.
    [deleted]
        I'll get the pitchforks
            I'll pre-order about 3.
    Isn't OP literally asking what others see in this game? I dont understand the point of this comment
        It's as useless as "all opinions are equally valid" or "people have different tastes" or other one-line discussion terminating cliches people love on reddit.
        > Isn't OP literally asking what others see in this game? 

No, they're stating that they don't see it. There are no questions in the body of the post.

Frankly I think OP's title is strawmanny as hell, I can't recall seeing any significant voices calling it one of the best games. The standard refrain I see is that it has significantly improved.

My suspicion is that OP is conflating its presence in gaming benchmarks as a statement of its overall quality rather than the simple fact that it's a useful benchmark.
            This sub is discussion focused, it's an implied question built on their disagreement with the premise laid out in the title. While they didnt verbatim say the words "what do people see in this game," they did ask how people can say it's good while laying out the reasons they think it is bad.

I do agree that OP is being hyperbolic about people who think the game is good, though.
    Please explain to me how you see it then, I'm not trying to be an asshole I'm genuinely curious
        The biggest drawback I ever faced with CP was the atrocious diving. It felt like a major step back from any similar game and really stopped me from actually exploring around Night City
            Motorcycles are the only way to go.
                I also preferred motorcycles but even those seemed terrible.  I don't know, it really pushed me to just finish the game and not enjoy it as much
            Driving on motorcycles in third person is not as bad, but driving still isn't great.  I loved the game overall though.  Great story and characters.  Especially Kerry Eurodyne.
                With the recent advances in driving in video games just reminds me of the jump to GTA4 where the cars felt like they actually had weight and the driving was a bit more reasonable.  This seems like a jump in the opposite direction  especially when this is supposed to be a highly advanced society with cybernetic implants...
            The biggest issue is that there isnt a way to cap the max speed. Trying to keep a car at 60mph is hard but they become perfectly drivable. While others like type 66 and coyote are great fun to drive at high speed.
        Cyberpunk 2077 on release was an absolute travesty on older consoles or weaker gaming PCs. Higher end gaming PCs handled it just fine; it had plenty of bugs but nothing worse than your average Bethesda RPG.

People had very different experiences across platforms or PC performance levels.
            I played on Series X at release and had a very good experience. Only one real bug that I was able to work around easily (a repeatable game crash when driving through a particular intersection while on one mission).
            I had just built a new gaming pc the year prior and had no issues running it on launch, for a week straight lol. like 100 hours in that week iirc. didn't think it should have been released on older consoles, at least not at launch. would have stemmed a lot of blood.
            Nothing worse than a Bethesda RPG, my guy the entire police mechanic didn't even work
            My computer was midrange in 2016 and handled Cyberpunk mostly fine. Visual bugs were a bit jarring, and a lot of the criticisms rang true, but I didn't deal with any of the major performance issues or gamebreaking bugs (that's all a bit of a luck of the draw, though).
            This is it.  I never experienced any bugs that had a severe impact.  I've always liked it.  It may not be packed with random mini-games like a Rockstar open world but there are still plenty of things to find.  And I greatly prefer the mechanics of CP2077 over Rockstar mechanics.  As you said: Not everyone has the same experience.  Nor do we all like the same things.
            Pretty much no pc handled it fine in 4k with raytracing on since we were using the 2000 series nvidia cards.  Event he best of the best graphic cards couldn't put out enough fps to enjoy playing it.  With raytracing off that was a different story.  Cards and tech have come a long way since then and its much easier to play a game with raytracing.
        Imagine the sort of games out there like Fallout New Vegas or Fallout 4. You walk to an area, get missions to do, many of which having different outcomes depending on your choices. It is enjoyable to play in different ways and if the story is compelling (not fo4 but nv applies here) you like to see how the changes you have made affected the outcome of the game. Only in those games, most of the choices are pretty black and white, and while they may affect the world, they don't actually affect you much. 

Now consider cyberpunk. Early on, there is a quest where you have to get a robot for a upcoming mission. However, this robot was purchased by your boss, but the guy he bought it from was removed in a coup and the new boss of that gang doesn't wish to uphold the deal. The 4 choices the game gives you are the following: use the help of a corpo faction in order to get the bot by destroying the gang base, destroy the gang base on your own, pay for it using your own money, pay for it using the corpo faction's money however the corpo finds out and attacks, and you can choose to help the gang and they give you your bot. 

Now normally you think, ok so it's a branching quest line, but same ending right? However way later on in the game, you encounter a character researching this gang, and have to get them out of the gang's night club. If you were enemies, or killed the last leader, they will allow you inside so they can enact revenge. However if you were chill, and resolved it in a good way, the current leader genuinely doesn't care as much and won't attack you. 

Cyberpunk has tons of moments like this. The plot is incredibly well written and characters are very compelling. It genuinely feels like you are changing the story, not just playing out different branches of the same story. Combat is enjoyable to me personally, though it will be even better with phantom liberty. Customizing my character meant a lot to me, and will be even better with phantom liberty. They plan on completely rebuilding the skill system, police system, combat AI has been completely rebuilt from the ground up. 

I am immensely excited for the game. And if you feel you wish to wait until 2.0 and try it then, go ahead! But I cannot guarantee you will enjoy it. Not everyone likes the same games. I outlined why I liked cyberpunk 2077, but I am someone who plays the game like it is crack. I am on playthrough 5 doing all side content. Other games I like, like Fallout 4, I have beaten 20 times, *literally*. One mans trash is often another man's treasure in gaming.
            That mission that you mention, it’s literally the only moment like that. The only other story changing moments are “did you do this quest line or not” and that’s about it. Coincidentally, that’s the mission they showed at E3, making the game seem far more open than it really is. Coming from the fallout angle is what made this game so disappointing for me. When I approached it as a linear story game and ignored the open world and choice aspects all together, that’s when I was able to enjoy the game for what it is., A very solid linear story with a tacked on open world.
                I was just about to say this, the mission they mention is like the demo mission they showed off pre-release, it's far more intricate and branching that basically any other mission in the game. If anything it's more frustrating that it's present because it shows that they were capable of doing this sort of thoughtful design but they just bottled it in he rush to get it out. For most of the rest of the game the main choice you'll have on a mission is whether or not to kill the mission character or not.
                    It's almost like they made the first 2 hours of the game good so people wouldn't refund it on Steam once they realized the rest of the game's story missions are shallow.
                        More like they made two hours of a good game and then got hit with impossible deadline after impossible deadline and the quality started to decline.
                            they were the ones that always said "when it's ready", and didn't they have over 4 years of dev time?
                                I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
                                    i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
                There are several other decisions that affect other missions, like how Woodman will give you info if you tell him you did Jotaro in, or how you need to follow a certain path to get the secret ending.

A lot of people miss these subtle differences because they’re all written as if the path you take is the only path.
                    In minor ways yes, but nothing nearly as branching or intricate as the drone mission. Mostly the decisions come down to “ I chose to kill/not kill one person, so this other person is more willing to cooperate.”but broad strokes each mission will end the same, it will just depend on if you need to shoot your way out or not. As for the secret ending, you just need to complete a certain characters side mission without completely antagonizing them, which is a bit more involved than complete the side mission but still nothing on the level of something like New Vegas. No choice you make in the game bar the ending have a significant impact on the world around you
                        That’s very much the Cyberpunk theme though. You can’t beat the system.
                There are definitely other missions like that. If you send >!Jackie's body to Vik, you won't get to attend the funeral!<, which means you don't get to meet a character in one of the quest that would have let you breezed to the target you are supposed to assassinate.
                    That’s certainly cool, but that’s another mission from the intro, which really had a lot more going on than the rest of the game IMO. It’s still a pretty binary choice, where the drone mission had far more than two possible outcomes. It’s pretty commonplace to have good and bad endings in games nowadays, but IMO Cyberpunk never came close to realizing the potential seen in its e3 trailer, I hope phantom liberty will though.
                        There are other missions like it. If you don't care about spoilers, this site lists almost all missions where your choices have an effect on the outcome:

https://www.powerpyx.com/cyberpunk-2077-story-choices-guide/
            This mission's complexity and quality are an exception rather than the norm.

This explains why the game is OK, not great AND why some fans are disappointed to the point of anger, in that: we see how it COULD have been, but they didn't put in the time to make it that way.

I get it, it's probably a ton of work to make an interlocking web of mission trees. But that's what some were led to believe it would be.

I would be happy with just a working sandbox and better gameplay. If they fix driving, fighting, and the character progression I'll be good with it. If not, I won't be looking to get the DLC. I'll be waiting for some patches and reviews (by players) before I decide.
                C2077 is fine. I agree one major issue is that very few of the missions feel really good. People forget that a lot of TW3's missions were fairly linear too, but it feels like C2077's story missions are also mostly linear -- *with some excellent exceptions*.
            > Cyberpunk has tons of moments like this

Does it though? I feel like the Spiderbot questline is the only part of the game, where you have any actual impact on the story.
                Yeah I'm confused as hell by that point lol. I really enjoyed 2077 personally but it didn't have much reactivity to player choices at all. Even the background you choose for your characters make pretty much no difference.

There are definitely a lot of rpgs out there that have way more reactivity than 2077. I wouldn't recommend 2077 for someone that wants their choices to matter.
                    How many times you played the game? Because, unlike Mass Effect or many other choice-consequence games, this one does not shove the "look, this action changed the game in x, y, and z ways."

You either need to replay it choosing to do different things each time or watch videos on YouTube, which most people don't bother doing.


---- Potential spoilers ahead ----




For example if you don't send Jackie to mama Welles, you will skip an ENTIRE SEGMENT of the game where a lot more is shown about his personality and difficult relationship between mama Welles and his girlfriend, Misty. You skip talking to people who knew him so well and skip the entire funeral celebrating his like. You can also meet him much later in the game after his death through Mikoshi - I did and I was surprised so many people didn't know about that.
                        Played it three times.  I'm not saying there is no reactivity at all, just that it's not really that much and not something I would really consider a selling point for the game.  The overall story and events of the game are going to be largely the same no matter what.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by various cRPGs that I've played, lol.
                The main heist is another one - it has a few choices, notably the one concerning Jackie, that affect the game much more. Or the quest where you get attacked in the motel: this one only has one meaningful choice - to save or not to save, but that will change the most.

There are many other, less noticeable examples. Including side quests.
            it’s worth noting (and i’ve seen several other people repeat this same sentiment), that i had to  start this game like literally 5 times before it clicked for me, but i kept seeing people rave about how great the game was and it kept encouraging me to give it another shot. once it clicked however, it CLICKED, and i couldnt put it down. now it’s probably one of if not my favorite games that’s come out in the past 5 years. 

i ended up doing pretty much everything there is to do in the base game (in one play through). really excited for phantom liberty
                People did you a dis service by comparing this to fallout 76
            I don't think you can compare those games.

My friend can play Cyberpunk and Witcher to death, but I can't. However, I can play Fallout and Elder Scrolls to death, but he can't. He likes his story driven games, I however like my freedom to just roam around and do what I want.

He wants games that are more linear, I want games that are more open. They're different given the context.
            You know, I sometimes envy people like you who can get hundreds of hours out of a singleplayer title.
                The way I put it is that it's like soul food, comfort food. Sure you can try something exotic, get amazed, or experience something truly spectacular. But when I get home from work, sometimes I just want to wind down, relax to music or a podcast/YouTube documentary, and just lightly stimulate my brain by getting through some side quests, or just exploring a world. it's how I got over a thousand hours on fallout 4 on PC alone, with tons more on console.
                    Tbh, I did log 650hrs in MSFS since October (taking a break now). But when it comes to story driven singleplayer games I find it hard to stay engaged for that long - certainly not thousands of hours. I'll usually complete the story, do a few side quests along the way, and then I'm done.
                I put hundreds of hours into Resident Evil 2 and this game is really straightforwad, you don't make any choices at all, you just let the story play out. But I wanted to have faster times and that took me most of the time. It was genuinely fun to do even if I played it so many times already. Coming up with my own strategies for playing faster was really fun. I eventually 100% the game so bonus content took me some time to finish too.
            I’m honestly glad they’re doing everything you said, but isn’t that what led to this fiasco in the first place? All they’re doing now is promising to deliver on what they first promised and failed to deliver except it’s in a DLC. Why do you think this will be different?
            ah yes, mention the mission that is the only one in the game where your choice actually matter
        I loved the game. Great atmosphere and game play.
        Yep, it was definitely because it was my niche. I've been a major Blade Runner fan when the movie first came out. I have purchased every version/format of the movie to this day. I've played various cyber punk style games over the years. Read a lot of cyber punk style fiction.

I never followed the hype on Cyberpunk 2077. I knew I'd play it, and when I did I have to say I really enjoyed it.

I guess some of the reasons I liked it were:

Driving, I do driving simulators from time to time, but this is an RPG, so I didn't care about how the driving felt. I wanted flying cars anyway.

Combat, I love some early CoD and Battlefield. However, again CP77 is an RPG, so I didn't expect that kind of combat.

Fortunately I played on PC and have a good gaming rig, so I didn't run into many of the performance issues many complained of in the early days.

So bottom line, its a matter of taste. Like shoes and hair styles. However, I'm, bald, so I got one style.
        I got the game after the 1.5 patch on the PS5. Yes there were still promises not in the game but I played it to completion and had a great time. I recall one questline bugged out and I was unable to finish it (the taxi ones) but overall my experience and enjoyment was quite positive.
        I started it when it first came out. Gave up. 

Started it again a few months ago and finished it and just sat there for a bit in silence going “wow”.  

I’m very much a casual gamer but damn, I finished it and thought this is how storytelling could be done more often. Just loved it, haven’t enjoyed any game as much in I guess 30 years….

🤷‍♂️
        It seems like you are trying to be an asshole but I’ll leave my thoughts anyway. 

- the story is amazing, both the personal story of V as well as his interactions with many of the main characters you meet along the way (Panam, Judy, takemura, Jackie, etc) side quests were also mostly excellent 

- it’s also very thematic and an amazing representation of cyberpunk as a genre

- the world is beautiful and Night city is one of the coolest locations in any game. Yes it’s “dead” in the sense that if you try to GTA style shoot it up the civilian and police reactions suck, but walking around the city from mission to mission is atmospheric, beautiful, and engaging imo. 

-combat wasn’t ingenious or anything but it was fun, guns felt cool and good to me, cyberware augmented combat well and hacks were cool once upgraded (eg the mind virus stuff) 


Yes it’s buggy and they underdelivered but it’s objectively at least a good game. Seems like you’re being contrarian just for the sake of it.
            Someone finally leaves a detailed comment on why they love the game and get downvoted for it lol. This thread is is full of bad faith posturing from "spurned lovers".
                I’d bet a good portion of them haven’t played it. But the question is fundamentally dumb: most things I dislike I can recognize why people would or do like. If you can’t it’s your issue not theirs
            No idea what made you think I'm just being an asshole, but you reiterated everything I said
"Great story and graphics and art design, bad AI and combat"
                The combat isn’t bad tho, but even if it is, then it’s fairly obvious why people think the game is good. Aka, your question is stupid and seems to be in bad faith.
        Certainly not empty and like half the city isn't there. Idk if you've got the npc density lowered or something but the city is completely packed if you have it maxed out. 

Things like AI aren't perfect, but that isn't exactly out of the ordinary for the genre. I wouldn't say it's one of the best games ever made, but I certainly consider it one of the best immersive sims ever made.
        Well, for me it’s tied with Skyrim for my favorite game. (In all fairness, I got this on my One X about a week after launch and loved it despite its bugs.)

The colors, the story line, kick it on with some RTX on ultra settings and it nearly brings a tear to my eye. Keanu Reeves does such an Amazing job of playing Johnny Silverhand, you can feel the emotion when he’s angry or hurting or sad. Seeing how he turns from an asshole to someone who actually cares for V is truly fantastic and the endings are insanely emotional. All around good story telling. 

How much time have you put into the game?
            I have 40 hours in the game
    I mean i have played this game for over 250hours, it is a really good game but i just cant consider it a masterpiece
    People like to criticize Cyberpunk (a rpg game) like it's grand theft auto


I believe same thing will happen to starfield, people will go into it with skyrocketed expectations and get disappointed when it's just a bigger Bethesda RPG.
    I mean that was their assumption before making the post and asking for opinions. Meanwhile, we have your vapid, irrelevant reply.  Maybe when you get older you'll be able to form relevant and cohesive opinions yourself.
        >Maybe when you get older you'll be able to form relevant and cohesive opinions yourself.

Kind of a funny thing to say when the OP's post is the most generic opinion that screams "random redditor No 263828" with the most generic and objectively wrong criticisms possible.
I bought a PS4 copy when it was super cheap then sat on it until just recently where I completed it on PS5 (with Platinum trophy) after about 85 hours.

Overall I really enjoyed it. Night City is one of most impressive game worlds I've experienced in terms of density / detail. The mission variety was generally great. The main characters were great. Decent writing. It does a good job at the 'role playing' aspect of an RPG.

There were still some bugs but nothing major. It crashed ever 8 hours or so if I left it running in rest mode between sessions. Car handling only felt ok in first person, I disliked third person, even then I only really liked riding bikes as it was hard to see over car bonnets.

I generally relied on quickhacks rather than combat. Combat mechanics weren't the best but they were ok. Same with stealth mechanics. People don't praise Witcher 3 for the combat either, but I found Cyberpunk less janky in this respect

Pedestrian density seemed ok to me. Cars in the distance disappearing as you got closer was strange, but ok.

If it had originally been released in its current form I think it would have been highly rated, and deservedly so. But now, much like No Man's Sky it has to get over the prejudice from the hate it (also deservedly) got on release.
Only issue this game had was it's bugs. Other than its a great game, one of the best I ever played. Last game I enjoyed this much was Skyrim
I played it when the ps5 version launched, and it was one of my favorites of the year.  The driving is mediocre, yes, but I really enjoyed everything else about it.
    Same but on xsx
> with a mediocre story 

Maybe the main plot, but I think the main character stories and side content were really good and why I loved this game
    I don't see why people say the main plot is mediocre. It does a good job of playing off the whole devil on your shoulder dynamic, and the core idea of either slowly coming to terms with your imminent self-death or desperately grasping at straws to avoid it, all while ironically becoming what your character had set out to do from the beginning (an NC legend) pays good homage to the genre.
    The characters and their stories were definitely a big highlight of the game.
    Same here, I wasn't especially impressed with the combat, driving, or even some aspects of the environmental design, but I found the story and characters to be pretty compelling and I ended up liking the game quite a bit. 

The characters in particular I thought were very well done, from the writing, to the visuals and animation, to the performances. Really what kept me coming back was wanting to spend more time getting to know them.
        I think the main issue is the length of it. People expected another epic long story like The Witcher. 

I think here the players shot themselves in the foot a bit. With The Witcher 3 people were very happy to say: "I did not finish the game lol, too busy playing Gwent" and the devs kind of took notice eventually. So they made the deliberate decision of making the main story shorter and focus more on the side content.

Also I seem to be the only one that actually really enjoys the combat. It's fast, very active, cool... sure the AI is not smart but please show me a single RPG (or game in general) with good AI that is not FEAR.
        Yep

I did enjoy the combat. I love games where I can basically break it and once I got contagion and spread I could wreck just about any place. And then come in guns a blazing and kicking ass
Probably because people like the game and enjoy playing it I would have to imagine. I'm seeing way too much people lately start talking conspiratorially like people liking something they don't must mean they're all lying or have ulterior motives or yada yada. This is rarely ever true, the simplest answer is usually the correct one. Always keep in mind a key phrase: "There's no accounting for taste"
    what do you mean people can like different things?? i thought gamers are just one giant hivemind???
I played it at release and I loved it, I find the combat very enjoyable and I love the world and story. Would definitely say it's one of my favorite games from recent years.

The DLC is supposed to completely overhaul many aspects of the game as far as I've seen so I'm very excited for it.
    Exactly how I feel. I didn't follow the pre-launch hype and didn't get many bugs on PC. I love the world, I love the combat, and the story is good enough with some entertaining side quests. It's fun and one of the most memorable gaming experiences of the past few years for me. I get it's not for everyone, but it's weird people are mad that not everyone hates this game anymore.
        I played on PS4 Pro at launch and had a blast. Ended up getting it for PC for the mods.

I tend to not follow media very closely before launch because I don't like to spoil myself, something that screwed me with the Hobbit but has treated me well with games.
    Iirc what comes with the new DLC is just the new area/story/additional ending. Everything else, overhaul included comes for free as an update.
I’ve poured over 300 hours into it since launch. It’s one of my all time favorite games. I cannot wait to start all over again when Phantom Liberty drops
Cyberpunk 2077 kicks ass - I waited a year to play it on the PS5 and it did not disappoint!
The game is getting an overhaul with the dlc. Check out the patch notes.
I'm not amazed by it either. It is a solid game, but that's it - nothing special imo.
    Got this game on sale for ~$40 and I'd say it's worth about that much.
If its taking you mags after mags to kill someone, you may want to have a look at your perks and specialise a little more. Or maybe do what i did and play melee because i cant aim for shit. 

I was fully specced into blades and didnt have the kind of isssue youre talking about with mag after mag on anything (except cyberpsychos) when i started collecting more points on pistols and rifles and such. 

That said i agree with everything you said
I dunno, I kind of loved Cyberpunk. Night City might be one of my favourite 3D worlds to explore of all time, and the gameplay overall is pretty solid. It isn't really a masterpiece level game because I did still have some issues with it, like the driving was pretty meh, the skill point system was rather dull and the itemization felt mediocre, but it was still a solid 8/10 game for me. The shooting was pretty solid, the music was on point, the story was great in my opinion and again, I just loved Night City. It was also a game that looked absolutely amazing.
I still consider this one of the best games of all times. Without any fanboyism.

Soruce: Gaming since ZX Spectrum jumping Jack https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlbsruwV\_k0
You are entitled to your own opinion, but I'm entitled to think your opinion is stupid
This sub goes from "Cyberpunk is actually amazing" to "Cyberpunk is so overrated" faster than you can say Keanu Reeves

I played Cyberpunk after the 1.6 update and I had an amazing time with it, might be in my top 30 games of all time. Almost everything about it is kinda mid but put together it creates a really strong experience. Definitely greater than the sum of its parts

And the combat is actually amazing, no idea what you're talking about. Non-boss enemies aren't bullet sponges and any combat option you choose becomes OP after you pass 13 in the relevant skill. My hacker char was clearing entire warehouses with just one Contagion cast

Also, I would add that the bad enemy AI is actually caused by playing on lower difficulty. Increasing the game difficulty makes enemies have more aggressive AI and use cover more, plus a small damage boost

My only criticism was the lack of actual side questlines or factions. Every side quest in the game is basically a favor quest for someone with little consequences to the world
Dude I played a katana welding cyber wizard that could pretty much melt an entire room as soon as I walked into it by cyber-poisoning one dude and letting it spread to his bros while I slice and dice the stragglers. 10/10. All my cyberpunk dreams come true. 

Also waited to play until (almost) all the bugs were ironed out. The glitches I did encounter were hilarious visual bugs that never broke the game.

Also also: Keanu Reeves.
I guess it's just a matter of perspective. I hopped into Cyberpunk 2077 when it launched because it sounded cool to me, but I didn't follow the years of overhype and expectation leading up to it. I'm pretty sure it's for that reason that I ended up really enjoying it despite the mass hatred that was being directed toward it. I grew up on Bethesda open world RPGs and tbh 2077 scratched that itch, but with way more depth put into its story, world, and mechanics.

Not to say people's complaints about it were incorrect. It definitely seems like the marketing overpromised what the game would actually be. Plus how they handled the whole review process was pretty bad and the game straight up shouldn't have been released on last-gen with how poor of a state it was in. For me though as a Series X player the game worked fine enough for me to enjoy it. The main thing that bothered me was the bad police system.

FWIW the people who have actually previewed the expansion are saying that there *are* significant reworks being done to the systems of the game. If you think the story is mediocre though then I doubt that's a problem they'll be able to fix for you.
    > hopped into Cyberpunk 2077 when it launched because it sounded cool to me, but I didn't follow the years of overhype and expectation leading up to 

Same story, heard about the game, read a couple of reviews, bought it and played on the release. I played with my wife, 2 separate playthroughs, and the game was a blast. Junky bugs were mostly funny, had to reload the game 2 times because of some game-breaking stuff, for 100 hours playtime it is acceptable even for older games in my opinion.

I agree that on last gen consoles it was a hot mess and they fully deserved all the backlash for it. I played on a decent PC and it was fine.
        Same here. I only encountered one or two broken missions that eventually got patched. The story just breaks you. Just stared at the credits as they rolled for a minute processing the ending. 

I feel like the people that complain about cyberpunk are just complaining about some mechanics and are probably not reading every shard and skipping all the cutscenes.
There's something that I think alot of gamers need to learn: You arent the target audience for everything, and that's okay.

You don't like the driving others do. The gunplay is really satisfying and fun for some, and for you it isn't. Some people recognise that this is a RPG and enjoy that, you want a shooter/action game and this isn't that. The open world environment is beautiful and a character in and of itself but you probably want mini games and ways to spend money otherwise it seems dead to you.

I could go on, but it really is just a case of you not seeing what others see. Maybe you could meet the game a bit more halfway and you'll appreciate it more, but I don't think you can or want to do that. It's a RPG game which means it carriea alot of RPG tropes which includes stuff like needing to level up to kill faster, you roleplaying and finding enjoyment in dressing your character up and improving your lifestyle through cars and apartments, the combat can be incredibly but you have to actively put effort into exploring the mechanics. But if you're not feeling it, then that's okay.

It reminds me of that video going around of DSP playing Zelda Tears of the Kingdom vs some other streamer. They both see the same puzzle. The random streamer gets excited and builds like a vehicle that pushes all the balls onto the target. DSP just picks them up one by one, bitching about how dumb the puzzle is and just not understanding what the game is doing. That's cyberpunk for some players: some players play through it really utilising every mechanic, while others just go through it wondering why nothing is exciting because they don't know how to experiment or enjoy what is there.

If you're not feeling it, that's cool. But I think you need to meet it at its own level if you do want to understand it. You need to understand the genre of it, how it's built on the Witcher 3's dna, the way this is a game based on the tabletop rpg version of it, that alot of stuff isn't just told to you and you have to kind of experiment and figure it out yourself. But if you don't or can't do that, that's okay, moving on is okay too.
I disagree with everything you said, but besides that this game in general suffers a lot of bias both from fans and haters.
I appreciate you opinion but for me 2077 is one of my favorite games ever. It might have to do with my being a fan of Cyberpunk genre in general, but I do find combat and story engaging and well worth the time.

What also helped is that I didn't watch any pre-release footage and got sucked in all of the marketing shannanigans, so I was coming into the game without expectations and I played the game a year after it got released, so I guess I didn't experience much of the bugs that early players had to deal with.
It's an awesome game overall. Story is great and it's visually amazing. The combat is nothing new or innovative, but it's not bad. I just wish it had more RPG elements.
I loved this game and I played it when it first came out. Can’t wait until the expansion. It resonates with me for some reason in a way that most games don’t. Loved the soundtrack and all the characters and story. I usually only play fromsoft games and games like Zelda where they are less story driven but this one clicked.
I thought it was pretty great (I played it maybe 6 mos ago or so, after the patches).  But yes, PL does overhaul the entire game so I'm going to start a new character and replay everything when it comes out.
I am just gutted that we will never see Westbrook made in the game.
It's a good game. It was always a good game if you had the power to run it. And they've been making it better.
"lifeless open world" rofl.

One of the most alive open worlds in gaming ever - with side quests that are better than most games main quests. 

This game is the exact same quality as witcher 3, in some ways surpasses. If it wasn't for the technical issues of trying to release this game on toasters, it wouldn't have been an issue. 

&#x200B;

The game itself has never been bad. It has always been one of the best RPGs ever made.
I could understand why.

I came to the game a few months ago, right before 2.0 dropped. Thought I'd play 30 minutes and refund the game. No biggie. I play a sword build. Had a blast. Halfway through, 2.0 drops. Now I'm able to air dash - even more badass! I'm slaughtering enemies left and right with some sandevistan and completed the story.

Immediately, and this is very rare for me, I start a new playthrough now on very hard difficulty, this time thinking quickhacks and smart weapons. Had a blast again. Got Phantom Liberty midway through vanilla, but got slightly bored with how slow quickhacks and smart weapon gameplay is especially at the beginning of PL.

So, I decide to do another fresh start, still on Very Hard but with a shotgun build. And I'm telling you, this is the most FUN I've ever had playing a video game. CDPR absolutely did shotguns right in this game. I'm thinking the grandaddy of shotguns, Doom 2, F.E.A.R., Half Life... all those games have been wiped in my mind and Cyberpunk is now my new benchmark of shotgun gameplay! You'll get what I mean when you equip a Testera or even better, that tech shotgun that makes limbs go flying off... Just beautiful. Doing this with also HMG and LMGs which are fun, but not as satisfying as shotguns.

After this, I'm probably going for mantis blades, or rifles... Or blunt weapons maybe? There's just sooo much I still want to check out in this game because the gameplay is the DEEPEST I've ever encountered in a non-fantasy open world game with guns and cars.

So yes, this game has become my absolute favorite single player open world game of all time. I highly recommend just fooling around with builds and not look at online guides.
Completely unnecessary correction, but it's "all of a sudden," not "all the sudden." <3
It's pretty simple. The world is beautiful, the story is great and unique, the gunplay/combat is fun, there's lots of build variety, voice acting/animations are some of the best in any game, and side quests are amazing. You may not agree with all of these, which is fine, but the reason it gets so much praise is that most people do agree.

My question is, why is it not great? It excels in almost every aspect that makes games great, and the only large drawback is a lack of interactivity with the world/NPCs. If you compare it to one of the greatest games of all time, the Witcher 3, how much worse is it? Both have beautiful worlds and intriguing stories, and I would argue Cyberpunk surpasses it in most aspects, especially combat and build variety. It's not like W3 had lots of world interactions that CP lacks. Obviously, many systems (like driving/police) could be better, but it nails the core parts of what makes games fun (or at least for most people).
CD Projekt has stellar marketing team.
    The hype was unreal. Kinda like No Mans Sky. Starfield seems to be generating similar sorts of hype levels - I wonder if that'll flop on release too.
        I doubt Starfield will flop but I do expect a 4hr long bug compilation
            I’m sure it won’t flop because it’ll be a Bethesda game and people generally like those, game breaking bugs or not.
                It will be a solid but somewhat unpolished game and I think people already know that going in. Bethesda isn’t really making any big promises and seem to be pretty honest about what is and isn’t in the game. People don’t really understand that 76 was a unique thing because of a series of issues that Bethesda has more then likely fixed. they have overhauled their engine, starfield is being developed by the primary dev team who have more experience with the engine, and it’s a single player game which is what the engine was made for.
        Neither No Man's Sky nor Cyberpunk 2077 were flops on release, though. Highly doubt Starfield will flop either. It's one of the most anticipated games and, you know, it's Bethesda. Their games tend to sell an absolute shitload. Even Fallout 76 managed to get an active userbase of 13.5 million people.
            Flop was probably the wrong word. A major disappointment might have been a better way to say it.
    Which in this case was part of the problem. The hype was absolutely huge, but it didn't live up to it, so people ended up disappointed.

Ironically, I think a big part of the reason it turned around is exactly the opposite: the launch was so bad that people trying it out now because it's cheap have low expectations and then end up pleasantly surprised.
    Or people genuinely enjoy the game and not everybody has the same taste.
        You think EA would have gotten the same response if they'd overpromised and under-delivered in the same way?  That one comment is still the most downvoted in reddit history and it's about microtransactions in what was still a largely good, functional and feature complete game.
            Nah, EA has literal corpses of dead and beloved studios under their feet. Their reputation is their own making. CDPR was riding the tailcoat of Witcher 3 and why the hype was overblown.
Mods keep me playing it. I wouldn’t be able to stay interested with vanilla.
    Aren't the mods very small and background ish details. I saw a vid of someone testing a bunch of mods and the only one that changes stuff a lot is the flying cars mod.
    What mods do you use?
I’m pretty sure the expansion is supposed to overhaul the game though. Reconfigured perk trees, upgraded AI, new police systems. 

I think the main issue that still persist however is that the story just wasn’t very good and the quests weren’t on that same level as Witcher 3. I’m not trying to defend it in its current state, but what people are hyped about is the expansion. So it feels like you either misinterpreted what people are saying or you are judging a game’s hype before the things people are hyped about are even released.
    I love The Witcher 3 and have hundreds of hours in it. But I liked some of the characters in CP 2077 way more and was just as invested in its main story. 

Although tbf I'm also a sucker for anything cyberpunk, and I felt the game did well with paying homage to the genre.
This is literally just the media hype. We haven't even seen the update yet, last time this happened we got cyberpunk ps4...
It's FPS eurojank at its best, I'm not sure what you're looking for here. While it's true that CP is not on the same level as The Witcher 3, I can't say it wasn't fun or engaging in any way possible. 

To me it felt like a mix of Deus Ex and Far Cry, with a  bit of Borderlands because of all the loot ~ it's an immersive sim that really didn't turn out as amazing as they initially marketed it, but still was fundamentally sound in a lot of areas. It's no 'No Man's Sky' type of turnaround, but any intervention is good intervention in my book.
Idk it's just all vibes, to me.  I could drive around Night City for hours just taking in the sights and feeling immersed in the world.  I really don't have any complaints about the gameplay either other than the controls being a bit clunky.  Is it everything they promised?  Idk I didn't pay attention to the marketing, I went in with no expectations after the next-gen patch and was honestly blown away.

Also I genuinely don't understand why people say the city feels empty, unless you're on a weaker machine and the crowd density is turned down?  Night City has always felt very full and alive to me.  The writing and the characters also really stood out to me, that's probably the biggest factor in the sense of immersion I get, along with the incredible visuals.
I've been playing on steam deck for maybe an hour or two and so far the atmosphere alone is pretty fun to me idk
Chopping off ppls limbs with the katana is pretty good
I played it recently finished it 3 times and I I liked 
My complain is the main story is kinda short and the badland might have been bigger.
I mean first of all PL will apparently overhaul many aspects( i disagree with some of the things you list tbh) but cepr games are story games not sims or bsg games. Imo except level hp bloat bs they do a really good job for the type of game that it is.
You have to treat CP2077 as its own game you cant compare it to Grand Theft Auto series and play for its story and roleplay elements.  Its a good game not Witcher 3 levels of greatness because they were cramming way to many features while simultaneous handling of the ports and got spread thin by a rushed release.  I have played maybe a 5th of total game content , just waiting for final patches and Phantom Liberty to get released if it all goes well, Phantom Liberties will be the "Blood and Wine" of this game and get as close to the game they wanted to make way back in 2015.
IDK, I had a lot of fun with it a couple months back.

It's still broken AF, the pacing is all over the place, and it's filled with the ruins of unfinished areas / features, but it kinda reminded me of Fallout 3 or New Vegas when they launched (especially 3).
phantom liberty is overhauling it lol
I dropped it on launch after about 10 minutes. I came back to it march or so last year, modded the shit out of it (including fixing driving), never fast travelled and had a lovely time. I was very immersed, drove in first person only. I laughed, I cried. GG
Are the NPC drivers still on rails? Do they have AI or do they just stop and wait for the obstruction to move?
Personally I really enjoyed Cyberpunk 2077, even the early buggy version. Maybe because I wasn't too excited about it, I didn't have expectations for some next gen mix of GTA, Skyrim an Deus Ex in huge full living world of endless adventures.  
It was great for what it was - first person CRPG with immersive story, interesting characters and fun combat. The city and driving never were anything more than a background to me, something to get from mission A to mission B.   
Perhaps the devs biggest mistake (besides ridiculous primises) was to make it open world at all. They could split it to smaller areas, like they did with Witcher 1 and 2. Perhaps they were too confident with the success of open world Witcher 3. But it's an entirely different thing to make open fantasy world made mostly of empty wireless. And an open world of a big living city.
I enjoyed it because I didn't watch any of the marketing or whatever preceeding the release of the game and waited until most of the bugs were fixed. Patient gamers just can't stop winning.
I bought the game a month ago not knowing anything about the DlC. Its become one of my favorite games of all time. Im glad i waited and missed the first few years of launch.
I really think it comes down to expectations and whether or not something meets the expectations you set for it. I think the people who expected an open world Deus Ex type RPG really enjoyed it, and the people expecting a Cyberpunk GTA didn't like it as much. It's not true across the board, but it is definitely a factor in many cases.

I think CP2077 was designed to be more the former than the latter, and I love that. It has its faults, but it is far from a shallow experience. There is a lot that it does really great, but if that's not the game play you're wanting, then it might not click for you. I, for one, loved it and can't wait to jump back in when PL comes out.
Because the story is good and very memorable. Very simple.
Because they basically overhauled the game since launch and now with the expansion even more changes are coming
IDFK what you "hot take critics" actually want from a game. 

CP2077 is a great game, just my opinion.

It was already great at launch, -but buggy, and now the bugs are fixed. So I don't even know what the hell we're discussing at this point.

I would say "get a better gaming rig", but I've been playing it on the gddamned PS4 with a 10yr old tv and the graphics are great, the crowds are immersive, and the gameplay is fun and gives many ways to solve problems so IDFK dude.

Maybe it's not for you, and that's ok too. Peace.
I never understood the hate, I played the game all the way through a couple of times I believe it was last summer. was a great game and an interesting story. 

I suppose there were some bugs here n there but I ran into nothing game breaking.
What I see here is two extremes of an opinion being juxtaposed for dramatic effect, when in reality I think most people do not feel this strongly about it. I think there’s a few holdovers who are still upset about the hype and letdown, and a lot of people who just think nowadays it’s a pretty solid game if you don’t pay full price for it. 

As far as combat feel I just disagree, I think the combat is quite fun if you just go into it to have a good time and don’t try to hyperoptimize the enjoyment out of it. I played focused on quickhacks and the monowire with a lot of other cyberware—everything you claim was just ‘redundant’—and had a great time with it. With decent upgrades these can all be very strong. The city emptiness I agree but only to an extent, some areas felt quite lively to play in while others felt emptier than I expected. The aspect that seemed to give a sense of emptiness to me the most was just a bit of lacking in terms of open world elements. There were some, in the form of scanner missions, gang members wandering around, terminals to breach, etc. but once you clear out most scanner hustles, there’s not a ton to wander for. I felt with a bit more content in this area, I could have really enjoyed wandering NC for hours. 

Reading your post, I suspect you’re someone who was into the pre-release hype and I get why people in that category are let down by it, but I’d recommend just enjoying the game for what it is today. If you can get it at half price—which it is available for regularly—I think it’s pretty fun and worth a play.
As someone who played the game on patch 1 (day 1), i still hold the game in high regards, where there flaws? Sure... Where there bugs? Not enough to matter imo (pc version), maybe 3 crashes in the total of 150 hours i spend in the game (all right after a save point so no big deal). Yeah driving too fast in a car made you t pose trhough the roof, that's some funny shit :D

Sure some might have been over hyped and not getting what the devs promised, but as someone who love open worlds and the cyberpunk vibe, i just loved every minute of the game.

Btw, i played the game basically blind... All i knew was it was a cyberpunk open world game, and that it had some hype around it. What im hinting at, is my expectations where not sat too high.
Yes, for all of its flaws, Cyberpunk is one of the best games released. It's a shame they released it on Turing and not Ampere. Disclaimer: i preordered it fully expecting a shit show.

At launch, that shit ran at like 15FPS with RTX on my old 2070. and honestly, i didn't care, i just decided to have fun with it. The plot is compelling, the characters are memorable and >!I damn near cried when Jackie died.!<I experienced many glitches but nothing game breaking. Most were so entertaining I just dismissed them and had my fun. The experience felt very much like 'yeah it's busted but why the hell am i having so much fun??'

That said, no one will ever have as robust a response to a flopped game as HG with NMS. CDPR would've done well to release *real* free content that didn't feel like breadcrumbs. I wasn't so hurt by the 'dlcs,' if you even want to call them that, but I would imagine console players kind of felt like that was the insult to injury. I'd be so mad at the new DLC if I was a console gamer.
I am a older player, playing since The Witcher 1 and following CDPR since them.

Well, I did it like since the release (PC player) and overall it was exactly what I expected and wanted from CDPR (good quests, music, graphics, atmosphere). The only point I admit its the game should have more content, but they are adding in every update and Phantom Liberty it looks like gonna add a lot more of things.

The main problem I see of ppl complaining of CB2077, besides the bugs and perfomances issues from launch which was already address and I agree CDPR should be accountable for it, is players expecting a GTA Cyberpunk and some features from the old trailers (which is fault of CDPR marketing).

But you have to admit, although CDPR had problem with the marketing and how they did launch a alpha state, at least they are fixing and the game was and is good, nothing like a Redfall or Forspoken which the only fix would be throw it away and redo it all over again (Which I am almost certain they gonna abandon the IP).

And according with the devs the PL and the 2.0 update gonna overall all previous system of the game, maybe them appease some of the GTA gamers out there.
The negative backlash was easily more overblown than the hype. The game was amazing on release and has only gotten better. I understand ps4 players got shafted hard and that probably made a lot of people very angry, but on PC the game was great from day 1.
Just because you don’t appreciate something, it doesn’t mean the masses that do are wrong.
The game is not GTA.  It’s cyberpunk Witcher.  Thinking of the game this way basically answers why people love the game.  Game was trash on last gen, but on a mid gaming rig I played it without significant issues on release.
I was giving it that praise at launch...
Probably because, there was a surge of new players because of the anime(including me). They weren't part of the hype train that included a lot of promises.

Maybe if I was part of the original hype train I'd have a different opinion. But as someone who was brought in due to the anime, I got more than I expected.

As for gunplay, yeah it needs work. Mainline story is eh, I got hooked to the side stories. As for everything? Honestly I've owned GTA V for years now and couldn't even finish it properly, with CP2077 I got addicted to it for a month and finished the storyline in 2 weeks. I'm no game reviewer who's gonna give you an indepth or analysis review, but I found CP2077 more enjoyable compared to GTA V.
I personally think its pretty good.  Its got a great story and the gameplay, while troubled, is much better now that stuff more or less works.  The game has core design issues but I enjoy it more than most other recent RPG's and I think its one of the best looking and best optimized games on the market.  

It runs incredibly well on a modest system even with high end ray tracing on.  Very, very few games can claim that.  It certainly was a dumpster fire at launch though, holy shit.

People need to at least give it another try, if they bounced off at launch.  Even just to see the graphics in motion and to get an example of what RTX can accomplish when devs optimize it with a little bit of effort.  We have gotten too used to games running like absolute shit and RTX being an instant disable because it destorys FPS.  CDPR themselves are guilty of this with the shameful Witcher 3 remake, but they have gotten CP2077 to an incredible state.
I dont' know what game you play, but it's not the same as the one i play. I have none of your problems on PC.
I really think people are either on one camp or the other.  


You being on the other.  


When there is a really healthy middle ground. Who the fuck can honestly play this game and be like "mediocre story".  


Ahh yes, so many games have a fully voice-acted story like this. So many games have fully voiced side missions that are actually engaging.  


The open world sucks if you try to play it like GTA sure. But it's pretty well believable when it serves as a backdrop to other missions and for when you are going from one place to another rather than exploring.
dog shit console user take, game is goty from the release
    So apparently my opinions invalid because I played on the console that the game was marketed for?
To each his own, but I did a play through after I upgraded my PC and I fucking love this game. I never had an issue with bullet sponge enemies outside of bosses/mini bosses. Actually, my build spec’d into stealth and I was one shot headshotting most enemies. 

Hacking is absolutely busted if you spec into it. There’s literally a hack that makes enemies kill themselves. And Phantom Liberty *is* supposed to completely revamp the game.
Cause Gamers or people in general have the memory of some bushfrogs. The game is still a mediocre experience, even after they "fixed" a lot of the bugs. Its nothing what they advertised to this day and I would assume CDPR has a good bunch of shills and probably paid bots that now praise the game.

The game is a disappointment, even if fixed, not necessarily because its just a terrible game (its really not) but because of what they promised and ultimately delivered. It would take them years to pull of a no-man's sky return, which I doubt they will invest.

They rather put out the DLC and cash in again on one of the biggest let downs in recent gaming history.
That is agreat question. Its because the preview build that was played during summer gamefest was not released to the public. It wont be released until mid September of 2023. Its a massive redesign of the game requiring higher end specs to run (PC Master race).

Meaning the version you are playing now, is the same old garbage you remember (with a lot of patches). You are not playing the new build, on high end hardware, that wowed the gaming press at summer games fest. And wont be able to until September.
Gamers have memories of a goldfish and never learn even after being burned over and over and over again. How many times do people swear off preordering games and then suddenly do it when a shiny new trailer with a release date gets revealed? 

I paid for CP2077 on day one, something I’ve never done in all my years of gaming. I learned my lesson. I’ll pick up the expansion after the 539 small patches and 23 major patches while it’s on sale.
It always was. The bugs were mostly on last gen consoles. The story was always phenomenal. And CDPR is more than making up for the problems with pretty much remaking the game.
Play now that 2.0 is out. The game has changed heaps with the newest version and has overhauled basically everything aside from world layout and quests
don't like it don't play it.... why even post here? if you don't get people's viewpoint than thats Ok.
Because it’s fucking fantastic, my Mass Effect 4. 

Worth the wait all is forgiven.
It's not making a comeback, it never went away the first place. Despite the dogshit quality release, the game was commercial success. Not to mention for ever one person who was upset by the quality of the game at release, there was ten or twenty who thought this game was the second coming.

90% of the actual players did not give a shit about facts like Cyberpunk run like a dog after being the victim of a roadkill on PS4 for example. Many times the opinions you see about a video game on the internet has nothing to do with the actual sale numbers.

I put 500+ hours in the game on PC, and I did not notice literally any bugs for the first 40-or-so hours.

Most people who bought the game didn't read internet articles, just pre-ordered it or bought it. The maybe 10% who do (read the internet) said it made a comeback, but reviews are not important any more, it doesn't make a difference in sales numbers in what quality a game comes out.

It didn't make an actual comeback, only the few people felt like that who actually care about the quality of a video game at release.
I didn't see a lot of the problems that people had in the beginning. I had a five year old off the shelf computer with no upgrades of my own and it still ramb pretty decent.
This guy playing on a PS4 without the upgrades
    Played on Series X🤭
>a lifeless open world with a mediocre story and Keanu Reeves

Too realistic?
This is one of the most life filled games I've played, I used to play GTA (5 crashes every 30min for me so I didn't play long) I've played the AC games and cyberpunk feels so much more alive. I guess people have different ideas of a lively city.
God it really kills people to know some might have enjoyed it. Most of the critics here are half-baked and only fit the D-1 old gen console experience. Call me a fan-boy or anything but understand that.

I've spent \~500 hours since launch in this game and still experienced less bugs at launch than when I retried AC Valhalla 2 years after release (or any other recent Ubisoft release... WD Legion).

The story felt so organic since almost no cinematics and loading times were present. You see the characters up close, physically interact with them or the world. Not just standing like poles in front of them waiting to receive a quest mark like in MANY open worlds. The AI might not be incredible, but far less atrocious than what everyone's saying.

OP pretends the city's empty but I found in it so many situations, scenes, interesting locations, small discussions that made it feel great. In total free roam, no missions or some sort mind you.

This game was terrible on ps4 and xbox one at launch, and quite buggy for some. But honestly on PC everyone I know who played it had a blast, and it IS really fun. The build are varied and the styles you can adopt are too.

I didn't follow the hype train, didn't watch dozens of videos, didn't see any conference about it. I bought it, launched it and had so much fun.

.. But "EH, cYbeRPuNK BUggY aNd mId HuhuUU" is what most people think about his game without even giving it a go.
People don't want to admit that the game they hyped up isn't great or what it was promised to be.
    If anything, the CP2077 following the cycle:

Massive overhype -> release -> Massive backlash and negative overreaction -> Years of patches/anime/new DLC hype -> potential overhype again
You’re not alone. I can’t see it either. Game got patched into a barely playable state but it’s still a shit game. It’s just that now it’s a *barely functional* shit game (which is more than it was at launch) with a weirdly popular anime thing set in the same universe.
Here is my take summarized.

Hardcore fans of CDPR hyped it and hyped it

Studio kept delaying and delaying

Studio kept promising and promising groundbreaking stuff making it seems like 15/10 game.

More of the above.

Game comes out 7/10

Controversy ensues...

Casual players who didnt even know about the game got exposed to the game and whats going on...

Over a couple of years it gets fixed and make it maybe 8.5/10

A cool Anime comes out promoting the game even more to casual players 

Casual players try it after it went down on price and tried the demo expecting a 3/10 or 5/10

Casual players: this is actually good. 

At least thats what happened to me...
Ikr its just CDPR fanbois are just so huge in number . so much false marketing and lies by CDPR yet no one cares.

Another problem is whenever a new game launches with poor performance / technical issues the real problem of the game like dumb AI, boring open world etc are ignored totally.
>Overall unless Phantom Liberty OVERHAULS the game, 2077 is just a lifeless open world with a mediocre story and Keanu Reeves

Phantom Liberty and the preceding patch will completely overhaul the game. The faction system, warrant system, police system, AI, crowds, driving, even the ending is getting retooled along with how quests work. They even added in vehicular combat. The entire way you level your character is different now along with loot tables and how loot progression works. And that's only what we were allowed to see at the demo booths. 

It will look the same but it will not play the same at all, core mechanics have all been overhauled. A lot of people are saying this is what we should have got, or this is the game that they wanted to give us.
    > Phantom Liberty and the preceding patch will completely overhaul the game. The faction system, warrant system, police system, AI, crowds, driving, even the ending is getting retooled along with how quests work. They even added in vehicular combat

I liked CP2077 a lot on the release, but I would highly recommend to temper your expectations. Sure, it can be truly game-changing, but I wouldn't really expect too drastic changes. I know, I've seen these impressions but it's just better to wait until we have the actual product (very in the spirit of this sub, lol).
    Then why did they release CP2077 at all??
        Whiny shareholders and greedy CEOs.
cuz people here wanna choke down CDPR dick than rather admit that the witcher 3 was probably their only decent game
I’m all with you there. I saw the same extreme praise, jumped back in after being very disappointed and the game is just not all that. The praise isn’t deserved in any way, and the fundamental problems of it not being the game advertised before its launch is still there.
A game that big is a Rorschach test. If you want to find things to ooh and ah at, they are certainly there. If you want to notice underbaked mechanics and missing pieces, there are plenty of them in Cyberpunk.

I ranked it as my #3 game (out of 33 played) in 2021, and that was back at patch 1.2, so I obviously find it very compelling. It has pretty strong character writing and good roleplaying/character building, two things I care a lot about. I would openly acknowledge that if I cared more about gameplay and less about story, the action in this game would leave me wanting, but everyone has different things they look for.
    Yep. I don't play RPGs for mechanics, I play them for storytelling, characters, environmental design etc. 

Judged purely on gameplay mechanics, most western RPGs are utter trash. Skyrim has ponderous, floaty combat, the Witcher 3 is just a shallow game of dodging and quick attacking, Fallout New Vegas has godawful shooting. 

Those 3 games are also some of the best games I've ever played in nearly 30 years in this hobby.
I’ve been playing since launch on PC. It’s one of the best games I’ve ever played and the story and characters are top-notch.
A few things. One yes Phantom Liberty is suppose to overhaul a ton of system and this is coming from people who have played it behind closed doors. So take that however you want to see it.

Secondly while your complaints are valid for you to have a lot of people dont agree. I dont think enemies feel bullet spongy. There are also a ton of ways to go about tackling both regular missions and general combat. My first run I never touched a gun outside of mandatory times. Another playthrough I played it like an an old west gunslinger only using high caliber handguns. 

To say the city feels empty is also a really weird take when there are tons of people on every street corner. Sure there arent as many cars on the roads but that kind of makes sense for both gameplay and lore reasons. Vehicle controls is a preference thing so IDK what to tell you about that. I never had an issue driving. 

Hacking is suppose to be something you invest in both with perks and actual upgrades. This isnt a game where being a jack of all trades is a good idea. What you choose to specialize into is up to you but they want you to specialize since perks are limited. 

But onto your title. It wasnt all of a sudden. Its been a slow build up. They said they were going to fix the game and they did. They also had the luck to have a really great anime made as a prequel to the game that really got people interest in the game again and were smart enough to make updates to the game that let you roleplay those characters. 

So yeah not all of a sudden but the game is finally in a place where most people are satisfied which the current product and the prospect of the DLC.

Im sorry you dont like the game but yours is only a single voice and there are a bunch others that do like the game.
its actually a great game
Consider this.

1.Cyberpunk has great design, worldbuilding, factions, characters, graphics.


2.Mediocre gameplay, STORYline,yuck yuck exploration even in hardcore mode.


3.HUD elements, Unbranching storylines,Bad dialogues, to further destroy your ALRDY MEDIOCRE experience.


It also has A huge braindead fanbase thats resonating with fanbases of God of War,COD, GTA like generic games that have not innovated on anything in past 10-15years. These are the ones u see justifying paid dlc's, preorders, 100 USD price tags. NO MATTER WHAT THEY SHIT n WHAT THE PRICE is they will buy it.

Now, CDPR had 2.5 yrs to literally refine this game after selling this to gamers as an unofficial paid beta. And now they want us to shit 30 USD for a dlc-in a consumerist world this would be considered a massively dick move. But,as long as consumers among us keep being stupid they will exploit us as they always have so me personally I am not gonna buy it because there's way too many awesome games than buy from these anti consumer AAA studios. I been doing this for 5 yrs and coulsnt be more satisfied.
People say the same thing about the Witcher 3 and almost everything in that game was mid at best.
Awful combat, awful horse, awful exploration of an awful openworld, awful swimming, underused crowssbow(if you ever feel useless remember that this thing had a dedicated part of a skill tree), boring rpg system and an dreadful experience system(I've actually never seen anything worse in the genre), boring side quests (boy do I love running along the red line, using my Witcher sense for the 1000th time in the row in my openworld rpg) and a really I mean reaaally annoying music. I don't turn off music in videogames often, but I felt like I was loosing my mind hearing "nananey nananananey" for a hundred hours. Who in their right mind thought that adding vocals into everything in an openworld rpg was a good idea?

It was very pretty and had a few cool characters. That's pretty much it. If people call this the best RPG of the last decade then the genre is dead.
    Facts. Witcher doesnt get shit on nowhere near as much as it deserves
It's a pretty good game but not even close to what was advertised.
    I was expecting open world Deus Ex mixed with Fallout from the trailers. 

Really bizarre choice to make it seem like we had, strategic Deus Ex combat, destructible environments factions etc. And then you do that mall mission and it’s like „oh that’s it“.
Cyberpunk 2077 will forever be a subpar, disappointing videogame. But some people can like it, and feel it's better, or it's improved, etc etc.

Hell, there are people that played Far Cry 3 the next 4 times and still think these games are masterpieces.

So I wouldn't really dwell on it.
I tried to play but I couldn't see the UI at all.  I must be fkn blind 😭
If I'm not mistaken skill ups impressions video of the Phantom liberty mentioned that there will be overhauls of gameplay systems like the police, car chases and skill system. Sounds pretty cool to me but that won't change the fact that they burned me all these years ago. I won't let some necessary updates to patch the game and 1 expansion completely erase my memory of my launch experience.

This game was promised so so much from the marketing which it ultimately didn't deliver on. The world is very pretty but also extremely shallow. Not to mention how the story didn't have any meaningful choices. About the only thing I enjoyed were the stories that the bigger side quests provided.
Enemies take mags to kill?? Sounds like your build is bad lol
Maybe its just not for you, i liked it ever since the first major patch
Tbh I really liked Cyberpunk, I played it last fall and it was honestly great.

 Yea the driving a car feels weird, but the bikes are really smooth to drive. Story was great, loved the setting/artstyle, Combat was really diverse when switching from guns to smart guns to katanas to hacking. There is enough to do in the open world.

Not a 10/10 by a long shot but a solid 7.5/10 and 100% worth to play
Your bias is right in the title, and you didn't make this thread to learn anything new. 

2077 was a great game that I played on PC from launch, with minimal issues that took a ton of my time and kept me interested.

The Hatorade / eagerness to trash it is so fervent in its critics though.
I was one of its biggest haters, but as of 1.63 I can't deny that it's charming and has an addictive game loop. 

We'll see how the relaunch goes.
It's just people who are easily impressed with the visuals and world-building after Edgerunners came out, that is all.

CDPR has done nothing to deserve the praise, they haven't done anything to bring back what they've promised to the game aside from the apartments.

If anything, Trigger deserves the praise for making a stellar anime adaptation, not CDPR.

That could change when update 1.7 and Phantom Liberty comes out. 

That update will make it or break it for Cyberpunk. It's changing a *lot* of stuff.
    I consider Cyberpunk their new Witcher 1. Gonna take a couple iterations to get better at it.
People forgetting how CDPR basically scammed last gen console players for million of dollars. Unforgivable. I'm going to buy a used copy of an edition containing all the DLC's in a couple of years.
[deleted]
    No way it fucking did, for a sub dedicated about Conversations for video games and especially hot takes about games it really hates it
    Wait what? It got taken down?
Even with all its problems it's still a better game than anything EA, Ubisoft, Betheada and others put out in the last 10 years.

If you dislike the story theres not much the game can do for you, but for me it was an amazing experience. Even with the city being a bit dead the world feels great to roam through.

Personally I play mainly stealth so I have a lot of fun with the gameplay.
Cyberpunk is a rpg games, it's not grand theft auto, you play rpg games for the story, characters, and role playing, alot of people criticize cyberpunk like it's a gta game


You can say the same thing about witcher 3,its super jank, animations, combat, AI, all of the gameplay aspect is mediocre, but you know what makes it one of the best? the story, the rpg elements


Story in cyberpunk isn't as good as witcher, but in no way shape or form is mediocre, it's actually good, a bit linear for a rpg game like this, but still good, and in the upcoming DLC, it seems you have more choices about how the story goes and it looks promising, so it's understandable why fans are hyped. I think you should manage your expectations a little bit, can't fault the people tho, they definitely overhyped tf out of cyberpunk at lunch.
A lot of what you say is either purely subjective or objectively wrong. Enemies don't take mags and mags to kill unless you are severely underleveled. There are plenty of opportunities to level up your character to be able to kill them almost instantly. This is a problem of your own making. AI is also not dumb as rocks. It was funny seeing certain game reviewer's reaction to overhaul of the game being like "bro AI actually takes cover now" when they already do so in the base game. And by which account NC is empty? There are shit ton of NPCs almost everywhere except where they shouldn't be and there are 86 gigs combined with fuck ton of NCPD hustles and what not. It doesn't lack content or density. How is it empty exactly? Yeah the.hacking can get boring but given its more supporting role, there is really nothing wront with it imo. And in terms of story, whether it is mediocre or not is purely subjective. It is well written, explores many themes SUCCESSFULLY and has imo the best RPG endings we have seen in a long time. 

People like it for a lot of different reasons. This sub and many others might sniff copium and lie to themselves that the only reason why people like the game is because of the anime, despite the user review scores on Steam staying relatively the same before and after, but the reality is, it is a solid game that does many things right. I am pretty a great anime would not make people like Saints Row more. The quality needs to be there first and foremost.
because people finally stopped being petty and realised that its actually a good game
There was a negative overreaction to the game when it was first released and then a positive reaction after a few bug fixes much later.

The game is still gorgeous but lacks depth and the gameplay is poor. The story isn't much either.

But it's strange to see people veer back and forth m
    Agreed, the reaction was overblown but despite that, the game is still just mediocre and full of mind boggling design choices.

Why does a tank top give you armor? WHY?

Because cdpr saw that RPGs always have armor and so cyberpunk MUST have armor. They made a generic looter shooter rpg with a cyberpunk skin, not a cyberpunk game.

Thankfully the new expansion is making it so that only your cyberwear effects your armor which is how it should have been from day one.
        The game was rushed and poorly thought out. And yes, generic systems with little lore immersion.
            Thank you for the validation.
        Ever heard of Eurojank?
It is not a GTA type crime simulator, even though you drive cars in a city.

It is not a FPS, even though you often shoot stuff from a first person view.

Ultimately, it is a very, very pretty story-driven single player RPG (e.g. Fallout) that makes you want it to be things that it just isn't. If your expectations wane from this, you will be disappointed.
    I love Fallout and Skyrim, but this game falls lackluster in that department too
    But it's most disappointing as an RPG... the action is the best thing it has to offer.
It’s still a very mid game. I am hopeful the expansion actually makes it a better experience, the game had potential but just wasn’t very fun or deep imo
Maybe when they started production sometime during the Industrial Revolution it was innovative and new but what was released was a bland open world rpg go to a place shoot some guys blah blah blah. 

Disastrous launch aside it really isn’t anything that groundbreaking and can’t even boast about “simple premise great execution”  because it was pretty horribly executed. The gunplay was crap at launch and I can’t imagine they changed anything too fundamental since then. The world was pretty shallow when picked through. Really just more of the usual complaints for these sorts of things from me.
Its cus it became more playable with less gamebreaking bugs

After all, best part of 2077 - main quest is linear enough so average player wouldnt be bothered enough with lacking gameplay/openworld.

Also, i think its voiced minority. Otherwise user rating would bumped to 90+% or something if majority would change their mind. But its still 70+% range just like first month, actually.
cyberpunk genre enthusiasts will never stop carrying water for this game because they understandably want more cyberpunk genre games
Totally agree.

Refunded it so quickly. Gunplay is truly terrible, felt awful.
Marketing psyop.
First and foremost, AstroTurfing is real, paid, and ever present on reddit.

Second, once you have a captive audience, social media is engineered towards tribalism. So that captive audience will be loud and engaging (for free) because they have been conditioned to defend something that they consider fundamental to their sense of belonging in said tribe.
In its current state it still really isn’t that great honestly. I enjoyed it but I can see that some aspects are pretty clearly half-baked or were straight up left out of marketed content. 

However, the update to the base game coming with PL is version 2.0 of the game. The last several patches since launch have ironed out almost every bug as far as I can tell as well as added some really nice quality of life changes. 2.0 is completely revamping several core game systems as well as adding new ones to bring the game in line with what 1.0 *should* have been, as well as the expansion itself adding a new main game ending, presumably a lengthy amount of side content similar to the Witcher 3’s enormous DLCs, as well as new base game content. 

In short the game still isn’t quite there at this exact moment but with the update and expansion releasing in Sept. it’ll at least finally be what it should have been. There were even dates found by dataminers in the files when the game released that indicated developers thought the game was supposed to be finished and released by 2022-2023. Unfortunately the devs never got that time due to shareholder pressure, but it looks like they did finally get that work done in the originally expected timeframe
There're people who love Cyberpunk's story and yes I get that they are unforgettable, but I don't find them too appealing, not with the lore either. 

With the vastness and depth of lore, famous urban legends and the unique society of Cyberpunk and my bias towards futuristic setting, Cyberpunk SHOULD'VE been a cool world with a great main plot for me to think about or discuss with my friends, but for some reason I find it uninteresting to talk/think about it. 

  
I am on my second playthrough of it and can give it a 7/10 with a 8.5/10 for the Phantom Liberty dlc. But I just feel like it has the potential to be so much better
I really tried (PS5) a few weeks ago and played for like 35 hours and just came to the conclusion that I don’t want to invest any more time in a game that is so horribly flawed after 2 years of patching. The enemies are dumb AF, the city is empty and boring, the weapons feel not right. Some parts were good but in general it still is a shitty game quality-wise.
Amazing atmosphere, amazing stories, builds can get crazy. You saying most of the enemies are bullet sponges tells me you never even got far in the game. Replayability is up there because you can do things differently.  You completely become OP pretty fast.
A lot of times all the "best games of all time" labels are simply down to how much money a company pays a journalism outfit to see their game in a good light. Regardless of the release debacle, CD Projekt Red is still a company with a ton of money in their coffers to market the game.

At the same time, there's nothing preventing a game with a botched release from getting better. It has happened to plenty of games. While releasing in a broken state is heavily anti-consumer, I am willing to forgive it if the game eventually fixes itself (and is precisely one reason I am often "patient" about it)
I played shortly before the 1.5 patch and never had any problems. Overall, I thought Cyberpunk was an amazing game.
CP2077 was always a very good game which will be even better now (IMHO).
Look, I can't say cp2077 is good in terms of fighting or upgrading gear. My biggest disappointment was that there's just 1 finishing animation for each hands-weapon upgrade and there's no blood at all, after TW3 this was something I would expect from this game. However quests are still great, I enjoy main story atm(I didn't finished it yet). And graphics is beautiful. So overall it is definitely not a bad game
I tried it a few months back and couldn't stand Keanu or V. Most of the side quests weren't as good as Witcher 3.
Because the intial backlash was completely overblown. The hype train went into the stratosphere and people were expecting the second coming of Jesus. The really big fuck up was last gen consoles, there’s no excusing that, but on PC it was a buggy launch. You know like almost every RPG ever. I’m not trying to defend them, fuck buggy releases, but someone like Bethesda gets away with it.

The game is fine. Its a very good narrative driven RPG. Yes the city is rather empty, some of the side content is repetitve, driving is shit and gunplay is ok-ish. But the story and characters are top notch. I’m not big on walking around aimlessly so I wasn’t too bothered by some of the criticisms.

If this mediocre to you please tell me what story is better?
Gameplay is nothing to write home about (I don't think it has ever been cdpr Strongest selling point) but it is excellent in terms of story telling and character development. I still wish dialogues had more impact like in the witcher but I didn't play a whole lot of better AAA rpg in the last 5 years or so, especially narrative-wise.
It made an anime and weebs yell pretty loud when they like something.
>unless Phantom Liberty overhauls the game

The entire game is being overhauled in a free update, the devs have been patching and fixing stuff since launch, they launched a 10/10 anime with game tie-ins, and the game itself has always been good. If you don't like the game that's fine, but saying its awful because the AI isn't smart and the driving is a little wonky is disingenuous.
Same thing that happened with Witcher 3. At least that's how it's been explained to me. Game launched buggy as all get out, they fixed it, gamers with the attention span of a goldfish hype it to the moon and back. Rinse, repeat.
    Witcher 3 launched to universal praise from the media and the fans. The exact opposite of Cyberpunk
        My bad. Really hoping I don't end up on r/iamverysmart, haha
    No idea what youre talking about. Witcher 3 had some bugs sure but nothing to this level, and it was widely praised from the get-go despite bugs.
I played it over the past few months and really enjoyed it. That said, I'm never going to have the hours in it that I have in Skyrim or FO4 or RDR2.
I played it last on 1.6 something. Still quite buggy, but I had fun. It’s definitely better than 1.3, on which I first played it. It’s nice to see the improvements, as some games never get fixed. 

I will play it again. May even buy the DLC when it’s $5-10 (half the game’s full price for DLC is crazy to me.) I don’t think it’s great, but it’s not the worst game I’ve played. It definitely has some good moments.
Phantom Liberty is a complete overhaul and am of your issues are being fixed when it releases.

But I have adored the game since launch. The writing, the characters, the environment, the world building, the story, the missions, the customisation, the combat, the art design - I love it.

If you don’t…how? Like, I don’t get how the story is mediocre when it’s good, but I guess some people prefer bad stories. /s
"The forest never forgets, but gamers do"
Ngl I just bought it cause the anime was really good. The game was also fun and played it to completion.
what? The hacking is the most op way to play if you specialise in it. This is an rpg, And also like mediocre story? I really do not think we played the same game
Judy simps
The ps5  version is massively improved but still not good enough
Even assuming it had been bug free at launch, it wasn’t a good game. It was mediocre. Which is fine, not everything has to be the best game of all time and it takes nothing away from the incredible achievement that was Witcher 3
I was only somewhat aware of the hype around the game, but I don't really buy new games, so I ignored it at the time. I eventually got it bc I wanted to play some sort of open-world, GTA-style game, and I liked the cyberpunk angle.

I went into it with very few expectations, and I'm enjoying it so far. Sometimes it pays to just ignore hype. For me, at least. But I'm an almost exclusively patient gamer.
I think the game was amazing from day one and has only gotten better with updates. I’ve finished it with three different characters, have all the trophies on PS and I’ve preordered the DLC.

The events in the game have stayed with me and I have thought a lot about it.

People were disappointed because they themselves overhyped it and thought it was going to be whatever they wanted a cyberpunk game to be when it’s a story of its own with lore that’s already created.

If you’re taking many mags to kill someone you’re not building into the skills well - my first playthrough I didn’t really build well and ended up as a Jack of all trades thing and it was a big mistake. You want to invest mainly in 3 of the 5 attributes and pretty much always one of them is technical ability so you can upgrade your gear good.

If you don’t hack you can use intelligence as a dump stat, just leave it at 3 (lowest) although hacking is so OP you can kill a whole building without ever entering it.

A sandevistan build with 20 body, reflex and technical ability, the rest in cool will be very strong if you like shooting or hitting things. Could use beserk but I don’t. Check out the different types of sandy, I like the ones with short cool-downs and long uptime over the ones which slow down time by a higher percentage.

The good thing about that build as well is if you get bored of a style of gameplay you can reset the perk points and easily change from a shotgun user to a rifle/smg user to a pistol user to a katana weirder, as long as you have the eddies, as they use the same attributes.

My favourite type of weapon is a power weapon with legendary compensator and legendary recoil hand. The bullets can ricochet off like four walls and then hit someone with a bonus to damage. You can shoot at the floor between you and them and they get hit anyway haha

Optical camo is a fave too
    The game delivers the player to many set pieces
Are you playing on a good console? It’s like a night and day difference between my one s and series x. You mention it being empty, it’s so crowded on mine that it can almost be hard to drive fast. I don’t really have that problem with enemies either outside of bosses, either on hard or very hard, the second from most difficult. It also sounds like your being a net runner, which is more stealth than quick. Try a sandevistan, I can drop a dozen people before the first guys head hits the floor. 

This is by far one of my favorite games but it has been since it released. It’s came a long way.
I played it last year and absolutely loved it. Deffo up there with some of my favorite RPGs.

Here is what I liked:
The art direction- i don't think i need to say more.

The clear anticapitalist vibe- i think some people that don't like it kind of miss this or are pro capitalist. Idk. I think most people can agree that corporations can get stuffed and this game is a great catharsis since you stuff them.

The music- fucking stellar. Had some of the soundtrack on repeat forever.

The game play- not every rpg is not afraid of allowing you to become a god. You can either struggle through this games main story and have a ton of fun with the pretty good gunplay, or you can explore the side content and become absolutely unstoppable. This is also what draws me to elder scroll games and fallout, the end game is fantastic and progression feels so rewarding.

The story- i admit that to most people Johnny silver hand is fucking dumb as hell. I loved it. There's nothing more punk rock than revolutionary Praxis. To me the main issue was that they were too afraid to let this setting express itself to the fullest extent. Instead they play with dog whistles and allusions, but clearly this game is about a revolutionary anarchist being stuck in the brain of a 2 bit criminal. This story was incredibly memorable even if it didn't give you all the backstory freedoms of a standard immersive sim.
I thought it was a great game from the start but maybe that's just me 🤷
Always has been. At least on PC.
I like it way more than the mainstream "masterpieces". It actually has a story.
Because it's well deserved. The game rocks and now that the initial hype / anger / etc cycle has died down people are just enjoying playing the game and talking about that fact without having everyone on the internet shout down at them that they're lying or stupid.

Look it's ok to like or dislike a game, but this is a stupid post. You could simply hop into the sub for the game and see thousands of people discussing it daily if you're actually curious.
Tbh i already highly enjoyed the game at launch. The fact that the DLC is promising a full skill tree revamp to make it more interesting and less "number go up" is pretty exciting to me. I'm looking forward to it.
I've played two very thorough playthroughs and although not perfect, it's definitely a fantastic game and worthy of the praise
I have dumped around 200 hours into the game in several playthroughs. The story is good. The character interactions are also good. Night City itself is one of a kind and offers a great cyberpunk dystopia to mess around with. Combat is good for an RPG style game. You have a bunch of ways of doing stuff and approaches to beating your enemies. The impact of attacks or some stuff may not be A tier, but remember people love Skyrim and it was GotY even though combat in that game is trash.

Is it a good sand box game? Not in the slightest.
Is it a good rpg with a compelling story and great setting? Absolutely yes.

And if you don’t like the 2077 setting well that’s just a personal preference. Because the game delivers it quite well.
Eugh... the fact that's what Fallout's reputation has been reduced to...

I badly hope Microsoft will just give the IP to Obsidian so baby Bethesda will stop chewing on it and getting more drool on it.
    I'm starting to give up on Bethesda, though starfield is a great game the stupid engine has not changed much at all.  They need to redou it starting from its foundaiton. Still see crappy 15 year old graphics in certain areas, and there are no physics in some areas like the trees in New Atlantis look and feel like a drawing a kid made 20 years ago.  No ray tracing either.  I mean the engine lacks allot of new tech thats been around for the past 4 to 5 years.

Also space is almost useless in the game.  They purposly decided to do almost nothing with it. It's blaringly obvious.  You can tell they were very lazy in a bunch of aspects of the game.  Only uplift is its a great rpg once you get in an area on a planet thats populated.  It has a pretty good story though with at least 4 factions you can join.  The first person shooter has greatly improved from the fallout days.
    obsidian sucks just as bad if not worse than bethesda. outer worlds was significantly worse than fallout 76...
        You didn’t like outer worlds? I thought it was quirky and fun, if short
        You can’t judge Obsidian on Outer Worlds alone. They made New Vegas, arguably the best first person rpg ever. They also made Deadfire, which is one of the best (and most under-appreciated) isometric RPGs ever. 

Outer Worlds suffered from being a quite small game with a small team and budget that got blown out of proportion hype-wise because of the New Vegas-vibe creating unrealistic expectations. 

They weren’t expecting the huge interest it would get and it was a surprise hit for them (in terms of sales) as a result. I was hyped but as we all know the game was shallow and repetitive, despite some cool ideas. 

It was made was right in the beginning of the new dawn of RPGs, which have gone from being kind of on the way out (Skyrim and Fallout 4 aside) in favour of looter shooters to being the hottest thing in the industry (BG3, Cyberpunk and so on). At that time, the bar was set much lower for non-Bethesda RPGs. 

We’re now in a world where computer RPGs are bigger than ever and there’s a new Outer Worlds coming. I think that one will be what decides if modern-day obsidian can make a first person action rpg or not, because they know what the bar is now.
Could you direct me to a recommended mod list?
    I can only suggest going to Nexusmods and sort by # of endorsements.

Usually more endorsements == good mod.

There are hidden gems but the popular mods are usually the good ones.

I won't actually suggest modding now. Most of them are gonna get broken by the new expansion coming out in a few weeks/months
Yeah, hacking is notorious for being wildly overpowered. You literally just pop Contagion and watch whole rooms of enemies drop dead.
    And they hit that with a nerf bat because it was toooo strong.  Still stupid strong though.
        It used to be *even more busted*!?
            Not sure if you can still do this but you used to be able to hack pinged targets through walls, so you could just ping a camera then quickhack a target and kill a whole base from 3 blocks away without ever even seeing an enemy.
                Sounds fun honestly, why nerf this? It's a single player open world game wjo cares about game balance. Have some busted shit in there.
                    Dude fucking exactly. Balance is kind of the enemy of fun. There should be some really broken ways of annihilating things. It’s not like this is going to affect anyone else in any way, why not let people see what kind of crazy shit they can do in a cybernetic world?

Edit: I should mention I’ve put a couple hundred hours into Cyberpunk and the hacking is a lot of fun. For people worried that it would discourage other gameplay types, it doesn’t really. I personally like to do a hybrid of hacking and being able to use firearms. Switch it up when the mood strikes because combat isn’t really all that difficult to begin with.
                        Yeah, my first char was exclusively a hacker. Sure you can kill everything with essentially zero risk, but the tradeoff is that it's fairly slow and methodical. My 2nd char was a melee sword user and you can annihilate everything in seconds and have bullet-time up whenever you need it just by dashing.

This whole game is *supposed* to be a power fantasy. You go from a week nobody to a badass who can destroy a battalion of max-tacs in the blink of an eye. Being overpowered is the reward you get for building up your character.
                            I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
                That's pretty much how I remember playing a Netrunner in the TTRPG.
                IDK if that’s still a thing, but being able to hack through cameras is absurd.
            Yep lol.
    I love my cyberpunk world building to include flaws so glaring that no one would willingly subject themselves to the process.
    I've never enjoyed a mechanic in a game more lol
The suicide perk also. I'm sneaking in a window, making eye contact with the mark, and that's that - the animation is also pretty hilarious. Lemme go collect that reward!
My only run I was a strength based shotgun guy. If I ever do a replay I’m 100% going hacking.

Edit: typo
    My only run was hacking and it was so easy I feel like I need to replay it in order to experience whatever the intended challenge was supposed to be.
    1: get 20 intelligence

2: pick bartmoss' legacy talent (it gives you otherwise rare, legendary quickhack schematics for free.) You need this, because you can get the best quickhacks much earlier than getting the necessary funds/street cred to buy them, or even find the vendor which sells them (legendary short circuit was sold by 1, one, vendor in 1.5)

3: you can short circuit enemies through camera, and clear out whole locations in seconds, or without being shot at

4: you will have enough points to reasonably increase body/reflex/tech, so you get a good secondary option if hacking is not possible. I advise doing this, so you can take a more violent approach in quest when you start to be bored by hacking
Distract target, Shutdown target, hide the body, repeat. 

I see no problems.
Hacking gives you a god complex, but makes the game boring af.
Yeah the Hogwarts Legacy release proved that beyond a doubt. There was so much noise, I even read a post predicting it would flop because “everyone” was boycotting… turns out “everyone” was 50 terminally online Twitter users.
    *When they asked me to be an ally, I didn't know that meant I couldn't play vidya gahem?!!* ಠ_ಠ

Maybe it was 50 people with a spine left. 

I'm not even saying that absolutely everyone had to boycott the game. But some general support would have been nice, maybe the occasional guilty conscience. Instead it was a million assholes like you and proud of it too.
        Why cause you don't like that JK made your feelings hurt lol? I don't agree with your political beliefs, I agree with JK beliefs way more, why tf would I not support it. Most people actually do believe like JK Rowling, it's just that they get harassed if they say it.
        Those poor marginalized internet trolls needed all the support they could get once the two biggest enemies of the western world found themselves engaged in unpopular military conflicts.


Won't someone think of the bullies for a change? Get back on your knees and be a good ally!
    I had to unsubscribe from gamingcirclejerk since it literally just turned into a J.K. Rowling hate sub during that time
        I got banned from there for saying that I thought they were taking it too far with the bullying of content creators and dint want to associate with that behaviour.

I was part of the boycott but that almost made me buy the game out of spite. Communities like r/gamingcirclejerk really harmed the credibility of that movement in my opinion.
            I'm glad to see that sub dying. It went from making fun of lazy posts in r/gaming to a political shitshow akin to twitter.
                Mods were banning people who weren't toeing the line.

Shows you the power of mods to shape or turn a community.

And of course admins have even more power than that.

Does make you wonder about the direction of things with the changes coming to reddit's systems. People hate mods but they haven't really seen what bad mods can do.
            Yeah fuck GCJ, when I joined a couple years back they where just an LGBT- and women-friendly gaming sub with spicy memes but also where I could have cool discussions about games. It's so sad to see what it turned into.
                Exactly! It was almost a haven from all the toxicity in some other gaming communities, then it just devolved to a mess of its own.
            It used to be a great safe space that also made fun of the cringey part of gamer culture and it's largely a hate sub now. Sad to see, and the mods only encouraged it.
        Oh no, poor JK Rowling!
        It's just turned into those awful subs where you get banned for posting anything not 100% correct with the hive mind (or mod's private opinion).
    With HL the result was exactly the opposite of what boycotters wanted. All the attention just increased interest in the game. It was nothing more than free publicity.
        You really think a Harry Potter game needed some minor controversy to become known?
            That common take is so bad I can't help but laugh when I see yet.  Do people actually think that the vast majority of sales of Harry Potter even knew about gaming circle jerk?  It was always going to be successful, it's fucking Harry Potter.
            I can only speak for myself, but if there wasn't a massive outrage I would probably never seen gameplay footage, and wanted to play the game.

But yeah I get your point.
                Sorry but no. I had female non-gamer friends (big Harry Potter fans) who bought a freaking PS5 just to play Hogwarts Legacy. It was always going to be big, controversial or not.
        Yeah I didn’t even realize the game was a thing until the boycott lol, then I looked into it and thought the graphics looked good and seemed like an entertaining game. I never bought it because I’m not a Harry Potter fan (nothing political, just never got into it) but I never would’ve even paid attention to it if not for everyone talking about the boycott for months
        "50 terminally online twitter users" aren't exactly a big free publicity, if anything most people that weren't online didn't even know there was a boycott of that game happening. In this sense, internet can really warp the perception of scale and interest for a certain thing/movement.

There's a valid point in calling out JK Rowling bigoted statements and behaviours against trans people. It was sad to see harassment targeted  towards content creators who wanted to raise funds to LGBT charities playing the game.
            
50 terminally online Twitter users is way off. Literally in every progressive space online and in every social network I’m in, people were having discussions about it.

But the important part is the impressions. Here’s some numbers:
In YouTube:
Video on it by kuncan dastner, 300k views.
Video by mutahar on the boycott, 550k views.
Video on it by pyrocynical, 550k views.
Video on it by The Act Man, 900k views.
Video on it by Film Champ, 1.2M views.
Videos by council of geeks, 500k+ views.
Video by Asmongold regarding the boycott, 1.1M views.
Video by HasanAbi about the boycott, 370k views.

A bunch of tiktoks from various creators regarding the boycott with over a million views each.

Articles about the boycott in LA Times, Forbes, The Guardian, Game Rant, Dextero, and many more.

That’s just part of it. If you don’t consider that free publicity, you must severely underestimate the value of online marketing when it comes to actually selling things.

And yes it was terrible they took to Twitch to harrass people for playing it and even convinced HasanAbi to NOT do a fundraiser about it. It was a bunch of massive Ls one after the other.
    Potterheads will buy no matter what. It's a fandom game, and I agree, the outrage is not enough to take-on a cult fandom similar to Star Wars.
    Hogwarts legacy is not the best example to be honest. I think most people still expected it to be top selling.
    Let's not pretend those are even remotely the same thing.  Cyberpunk and Overwatch got criticized for actual gameplay issues, Hogwarts Legacy got criticized because some of us don't want to give our money to a transphobic bigot.  

I'm not judging anyone who chose to buy it because I know there's a lot more nuance to the situation, but that is why I personally could not buy the game even though it honestly looked awesome.
        The source of the outrage is irrelevant. It can be technical, as with CP2077, or moral, as with Hogwarts. The principle is the same: online outrage is a poor barometer for the feelings of the general population.
        You can still play it without paying her if you like Harry Potter universe but not its creator ;-)
I had to look into it. Overwatch’s playerbase is actually growing, I didn’t expect that x.x
All the online rage does absolutely nothing then. I should probably just start being less terminally online and just enjoy things.
    According to Activision Blizzard's financial records from April, player count has dropped by 18 million players from date of release to when that report was released.
    Thats the way. Somewhere along the line in the last few years I unsubbed from most of those subreddits, save for a few good ones like r/darksouls and r/bloodborne. Despite the oppresive difficulty of those games the communities are very positive
        The subreddits are positive. Stay off of the discords tho, I learned the hard way. All of the unironic "git gud scrub" type players are there in full force.
I'm sure if you paid full price for it at release, you'd be right to give it a poor review. 
  
But I picked it up last year for £15 on PC and I had a great time with it.  
  
Yes the driving is a bit shit, and whilst the city looks good there's not much to do. But I'd be lying if I said I didn't have fun, loved the story and felt immersed in the world.
The internet loves it's crusades and circlejerks.
    Yep.

The legit criticism of the game at launch was that the company made a stupid cashgrab by releasing it for last-gen consoles and trying to hide what a mess it was for last-gen consoles.  The game itself was always good, for machines that could run it.

But the Internet hates nuance, and loves dogpiling.  So "good game, but the company did something sleazy" turned into "Cyberpunk bad."
        Bruh the amount of game breaking bugs i had on release is just unjustifiable. "For the machines that could run it" the whole 3 of them?
            My mid-range computer ran it okay. Obviously not on full details. 

I had some bugs, but none of them were game breaking. Worst one I had, I had to load a save before start of a mission.
        I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land. The reaction to this game is incredible.

The story, the quests, the 'meat' of a good RPG was all there (and on the same quality as the Witcher) just marred by technical issues, and the hate mob was such that they started criticizing the game on precisely the things it did well for no reason?

The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects. It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid and people then retroactively have to convince themselves their work was actually trash all along.

Truly a stupid online hate mob.
            > I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land

"Everyone who doesn't have the same experience and tastes as me is stupid."

>The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects

Boing down the fact that the game was _literally broken_ for a significant percentage of the audience to "one aspect" is certainly a take. Particularly for someone really, really quick to call everyone else stupid.

>It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid

Ah no dude, it's like someone releasing a movie that just cuts off around a third of the way through for an awful lot of people and refuses to show you any more of it.
                I'll summarize my post because apparently it wasn't understood:

The entire game outside of technical issues was at least the same quality as the Witcher 3.

Because it had technical issues people started complaining about all other aspects of the game (story, quests, combat, skills) as if they were bad too because they were mad at it.

This is not a rational attitude and I'm calling it stupid. Your response to my post did not address it so I could extend that adjective to you as well.
I would agree that Overwatch has never been worse, but I’ve also got 2000 hours in it and play it daily. I liked Overwatch 1 SO much more, but I still think 2 is a very good game.
100% this. I remember an old engadget post where Josh Topolski explained that something like less than half of a percent of readers ever commented on articles. So while something may seem like an "outrage" to uber-online folks (like us?), it may be inconsequential in the grand scheme.

Anyways, that applies to Cyberpunk in my opinion. The game is GREAT and many people still yelling at the sky that it's a "garbage" game are simply jumping on the hate train or have not played it.

CDPR's biggest crimes were releasing the game clearly unfinished and over-promising on features they were not able to implement after all. Criticism for that is very fair. But after fixing the bugs, what was left was still a really good game with very little (if any) equals. There are not really that many FPS RPG's out there and certainly even less with the dystopian motif... yet some people complain the game failed to deliver on its ambition even though no other game has met those ambitions either.
I’m a 51 yr old gamer (so yeah, ancient old timer) who has a definite preference for open world games with a good story. My favourites over the past couple of years has been Horizon (ZD & FW) and Hogwarts Legacy. When Cyberpunk 2077 came out my kids were excited but then they started complaining about how bad it was… my daughter went off what she’d HEARD but never actually gave it a go. I literally started playing it recently because I was sick and off work and bored and thought, why not. And now I’m hooked. Don’t get me wrong, there’s definitely elements to it I don’t like. Driving cars sucks balls unless you’re driving like a granny but bikes are fine, so I simply avoid driving cars. Hacking kills are super easy and a bit boring after awhile so I try to avoid that as much as I can as well. But by far the best and my favourite thing in this game was all the cyber psychos! I friggin loved them! 

I’m on my second run through and I’m still really enjoying myself. I honestly can’t see why people complain so much about this one. No game is going to be 100% perfect so you know, enjoy the good bits and move on with your life chooms.
Not quite on topic but similar, this is also why the "get woke, go broke" crowd thinks this way. They think that if they don't buy something it's going to be a commercial failure, without realising that they are a small chunk of the market and the diversity they are uncomfortable with actually aids sales in reality.
Couldn’t have put it better :)
>Bottom line, internet outrage is loud but also a minority opinion.

When the game is good, that is what happens. I hate blizzard, yet every outrage last me about 6 months, then I return to overwatch because the game is one of the only fun shooters IMHO. I haven't bough anything from blizzard since they supported the violation of human rights though. And I had all their games.

Cyberpunk 2077 is an amazing game with epic narrative. The story about the honest politician is just too amazing, and that is just one of several other terrific sidequests.
I'll be a little more specific and say CD Projekt Red do a phenomenal job marketing to  the 'hardcore' or whatever you want to call them audience. 

The "free DLC" for Witcher 3 was exceptionally well executed, managed to have the seemingly entire online audience swooning over some skins & cut quests that nobody else would have gotten away with, they still had everyone eating out of the palm of their hand right up till cyberpunks release despite all the warning signs of it being a complete mess.

It's genuinely impressive how well they can play an audience generally itching for some recreational outrage and that they're clawing back goodwill is testament to that.
    I have said this before, but their PR team is seriously amazing. They actually know exactly what to say to appease gamers, it's weird other AAA devs haven't been taking notes and do their PR in the same way.
        CDPR's whole campaign about how "we leave greed to others" was cringe then and _ultra_ cringe now, but it's all disappeared down the memory hole because, like you said, these guys are incredibly good at marketing.
            Any people have incredibly short memories. There's also a shortage of good "next gen" games out there, so people are willing to overlook even the most egregious missteps in order to play some games. Probably a lot of people justifying their expensive GPU purchases as well
            I mean... they clearly do have a different approach. They still want money but they also have GOG and champion DRM free gaming.
    I don't usually praise redditors on their writing skills, but gosh darn do I like this. Recreational outrage. Nice phrase
This is the real answer. I have no doubt it's in a much better state than it was on release but marketing, stylish visuals and CDPR's (former) reputation as "the only non-greedy dev who loves you!" is basically amounting to a psyop trying to revise history.
    I think it's worth really emphasising how good that anime was, it opened the game up to a new audience and got a lot of people invested in the world. It was basically a fresh start.

It's like if game of the year was a licensed game to tie into the flash movie
        Or what the Clone Wars did to the Prequel trilogy
            > the Prequel trilogy

I think that's just children with nostalgia coming of age.
            I have a very good friend who insists that the Clone Wars is really, really good Star Wars and redeems the prequels. He is a very good friend, so I'll just agree that Duel of the Fates is cool as fuck and there are fun moments in Episode 3.
                I'll back him up and say that the biggest gripe I had with the prequels is that there wasn't enough time for character development in between the set pieces.

TCW series fixes a lot of that, building the emotional depth that *should* have been there for "you were my *brother* , Anakin"
        Does the anime spoil any of the game? I need to dive back into the game, so I’m curious if it’s worth watching the anime prior to revisiting the game.
            I don't think the plots overlap. They capture the same dystopian near-future feel within the same setting.
            Same city. Different players. Set about a little less than a year apart. 

>!The anime doesn't amount to more than a few footnotes in the game. Likewise, I don't think the game amounts to much more than a footnote in the Night City universe.!<
            I can definitively say no. My girlfriend showed me the anime, she's a massive cyberpunk nerd and has played the game several times over. While we watched she told me about all the cool little bits to do with the game since I had no intention of playing it and wanted to hear her thoughts (I like listening to her rambles it's really cute). They are all one-way references, where it's a cool tie in to the game if you've played it, and not spoilery at all if you haven't.
            Pretty sure the anime is an unrelated prequel.
        Check Out the Steam reviews Graph. Its insane that it got 300k positive reviews on Launch
    Honestly, the game IS in a better state than release, but that isn't saying much.

The game was unplayable for me on release. Replayed it 6 monthsish ago and it was fine. 

And what did I think? It's an alright game. It was fun... It was also still not the game we were promised. It was the same underdelivering game it was on release, except these days, you can at least get to the end of it. It isn't a broken game anymore, but it's still the same game. A solid 7/10.

The Phantom Liberty overhaul doesn't really have a high bar to clear in terms of improving the game.
    I did like C2077,and I did enjoy Edgerunners. 

But my god,the amount of people thinking that C2077 is the 2nd coming of christ is unbelievable.

The story is great, alongside some set pieces, but after the 1st playthrough I feel like I am playing 'Far Cry: Cyberpunk edition'
        'Far Cry: Cyberpunk edition'... yeah, that about nails it. Still fun.
    How was CDPR the only non greedy developer? Why did they call them that? Naughty Dog, insomniac Games, Sucker punch, etc. are greedy?
    Psyop?
    So it sounds like you haven't played the game, but you're basing all of your opinion on your mind that was already made up based off the launch and hype. Alright. Yes, psy-op is the only reason someone could like it. 

Listen, it's a good game and many people have gotten away from some of the hysteria (in both directions) and enjoyed it for what it is. That's fine if you don't like or don't ever want to give it a chance, but many of us like it. I've had a blast in it over two play-throughs and cannot wait to play the new DLC for a 3rd play-through.
        It's a good game, it's not the game they advertised and they deserve to get flak for that.

It was also unplayable on console on release which has improved in the years since which is also fine to be mad about.

You can be mad if you were falsely advertised to and sold a broken game **but** I doubt anyone could be this many years in so a lot of people have discovered a pretty good game that ties into their new favourite anime to play on their ps5 with nothing much else on it besides elden ring.
            No Man's Sky didn't deliver on what they advertised when it came out. They got a lot of flak for it. It was unplayable on consoles on release.

But the devs kept at it. They fixed bugs. Added features that were promised at the onset, then added more on top of that.

Nowadays, the game is nothing like what initially came out. It's better than what they initially promised. So should people continue to be mad about it?
                "it's better than what they initially promised"

Meanwhile CP2077 is still only around half the game that was promised. Currently it's not a bad game but it's still far from anything special.
                    I'm asking with sincerity: What did they not deliver on? I did not really follow the pre-launch hype.
                        Not op, but i think you hold openworld games to a certain standard that is missing in cyberpunk.

You cant shoot in a car, cops spawn behind you, no car customization, an origins system that did jack shit. 

Also, the mission where you rescue someone at the start?[Destructible environment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/slzlki/destruction_in_this_place_very_satisfying_shame/) that is very limited in the rest of the game.

It felt soulless tbh. I stopped at 20 hours and would probably come back when the expansion is released. I do still check and read the big patches that come out.

Cyberpunk seems like a game up my alley but it wasnt anything special when i played it. Im hoping the expansion and 2.0 update changes that.

These days, when im tempted to give cyberpunk another go, i just think to myself that i shouldnt hold it to other openworld sandbox's standard, you know?
                            So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
                                [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
                                Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
                NMS has been making massive updates for years. All for free.

CDPR made some major bug fixes, threw in some jackets and called it a day. Now they're asking for more money.  
They released early because they got greedy (maximise sales during the generational shift). They barely fixed the issues in the game (just the majority of bugs) and now they're selling a DLC because they got greedy.

It's only silly *not* to call them out on it.
                I upvoted you, to hopefully garner some good faith, but I'm going to disagree ever so slightly with you also. 

I believe there is still a legitimate source of anger with respect to this saga, and not just for CDPR either - all of the game companies do this now. They rush a bug-filled mess, give their mea culpas, and eventually deliver on a playable game that may or may not be what the pre-launch advertisements claimed that it would be. It is proper to be mad about this, and proper to keep that anger alive within the community, because companies shouldn't be permitted to continually get away with this. 

I like CDPR, I think they're better than at least some other companies. I dislike what they did here and I don't want them doing it again. I do not believe they deserve any credit for fixing a broken game. I will give them unreserved credit if their next game releases in accord with their pre-launch promises and not in a bug-filled mess.
                NMS actually kept improving and adding content all for free. CP77 barely added any new content and now wants people to pay more for an already unfinished story game
            Everyone knows it was broken at launch. Everyone. Nobody has forgotten.

However, it seems they've made a solid effort to make the game playable and the new expansion seems good. The writing in a lot of places is excellent and the gameplay is fresh, though no, it's still not a fully living and breathing cyberpunk GTA.
                >The writing in a lot of places is excellent

It sounds like you really want to like it.
                    I played on release and everyone agreed that the writing (especially the sidequests. Man some of them are amazing) was not the bad part. Almost everything else was.
        You’re exactly right. The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing. The anime series made me want to replay it and I’m actually looking forward to Phantom Liberty. The game is far from perfect but it’s fun and that’s what gaming is about.
            > The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing.

But surely you understand why people aren't too keen on it and why it's weird that people are calling it one of the best games of all time?

Hell, your own description was "a fun game that I enjoyed finishing" which is fine but it's not exactly the description of a masterpiece, is it?
                We’ll that’s a step too far imo. It’s fun but who am I to say if it is or isn’t  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
        It's an ok game at best.
    How are people still talking about the whole CP2077 being bad at launch when only the PS4 version was shit, it was without any problems on PC and with some minor issues on PS5.

The hate circlejerk just keeps going on and on...
        > it was without any problems on PC

For you apparently.  
I've many mates who had massive issues with it on PC.
    'psyops'... really now...
    From launch to now the game is pretty solid. Game play is fun, it runs decentl, and the story is really good. Still buggy but nothing like it was. Ahould have been like this day one.
Phantom liberty is supposed to overhaul the base game too. Might be worth a replay.

To be fair tho i enjoyed the game shortly after tge jntial bug fixes at launch and played multiple playthroughs. So tske my opion for what it is.
        Yeah that's kind of the problem, though. "Pretty solid", "runs decently", "less buggy than before", "might be worth a replay" - these are not phrases I would use for a game that people are saying is the Best Game Ever.

Number scores are meaningless but I'd assume a 6/10 or 7/10 from those phrases, and those are the kinds of phrases I see pretty often.
            Yea I'd give it a seven. Which is pretty good for games these days. Only game I've played in recent times that's blown me away from triple a developers was like elden ring... and even that had some shitty aspects with boss quality even more agregious that ds2.

Cyberpunks story is really where it shines imo. After a couple playthroughs things make more sense and you gain a different perspective. It's decently well written
I feel like in an odd way the buggy launch kinda helped them out. The game is still missing around half of the promised features, but at launch it was so buggy loads of people seem to have completely forgotten about the cut features. Now they just point at the lack of bugs and claim that CDPR has fixed the game, ignoring the fact it's still only half finished.
    All the bugs have helped obfuscate all the missing features...

...And all the missing features have helped obfuscate the bad game design of what *is* there. 

Even *if* it had no bugs, and even *if* it had everything they promised, it would still be a mid experience of half-thought game design elements and disconnected systems, you'd still get a fuckload of useless equipments, useless consumables, barebone "press a button and be done" hacking system, no enemy variety, and godknows what else I forgot because it was so uninteresting.
        What the games does really well are visuals and level design. It’s actually quite a lot of fun going around the city and figuring out how you can get from point X to Y with nothing but the game’s standard jumping and climbing mechanics. Everything else is serviceable but very mid.

I can’t get over the opening cutscene. It was 100% supposed to be playable. The way characters get introduced and the fact that you end up face to face with a fixer who later acts like they’re meeting you for the first time are dead giveaways. The narrative design also suffers extremely for it because all the sidequests revolve around you building up your legacy, which should have led up to the Dexter DeShawn introduction. Instead your first mission is this top level job from a prominent fixer and then you spend the rest of the game trying to figure out how to stop your brain from being taken over by a resurrection chip.

I’ve allowed my disbelief to be suspended before in games like Skyrim where world level threats are looming and yet you just have to help this one dude cross the street for 5 wheat bushels, but the fact that you’re constantly reminded of how fucked up your brain is when the screen glitches out every few days makes it almost impossible to really immerse myself in all these different areas of the story outside of the main quest.

And of course there’s the obvious fact that lifepaths do jack shit and the amount of narrative control you have pales even in comparison to CDPR’s previous titles.
            Man, let me pay you a virtual beer.  
I'm so tiered of reading brainless people saying CB2077 is great **Role**PG with an amazing scenario and characters when the whole story is a mess of which the most interesting part has been turned into a 2 minutes cutscene so they could focus on bringing Keanu Reeves to do some marketing.
    Even with all the bugs and lack of features aside, what is there is just an utterly mediocre game.

Story/Characters/Cutscenes/Voice Acting and Visuals, that stuff is pretty good, but gameplay - the most important part to me and many - is just kinda bad. Gunplay doesn‘t feel good, driving doesn‘t either, missions are boring get from A to B quests, there‘s no emergent gameplay in the open world… at least that was my impression from the time I spent with it.
        >sions are boring get from A to B quests, there‘s no emergent gameplay in the open world… at least that was my impression from the time I spent with it.

Can you give an example of a game that gives you all those things, in a way CP2077 didnt?
    This is a great take. Even with game breaking bugs fixed, it's still a very lame and experience with dull gameplay. Art direction is amazing though.
    Extremely good point.
    I have mixed feelings - marketing guys often lie and overpromise, and people just keep falling for it.
        I grew up in the era of Peter Molyneux, I learnt early on not to trust marketing
Not just marketing, but YouTube trends. "CP77 ... actually good now?" is natural clickbait.

A couple of the videos blew up (despite the answer being ".. not really") and then suddenly lots of people are making videos on the same thing because the algorithm starts pushing them.
Compare both Cyberpunk 2077's and The Witcher 3's Steam reviews with the date that their respective anime/live action series counterparts and see how the volume of positive reviews absolutely sky rockets. 

Both games were initially met with much criticism over the state in which they were released and slowly regained footing with the community, but the series are what presumably introduced new people to the games that weren't there for the worst of it.
    Whats also interesting is if you look at Critic reviews when Witcher 3 came out many of the pount out how repetitve the quest design is which as much as i love the quests un Witcher 3 there games such as New vegas, Fallout 3 and Kingdom come that have much better quest design as they give you far more freedom. So although i love Witcher 3 i feel it is really overated when it comes to quest design as there games that give you so many more options to solve a Quest.
I don't think it's just "Marketing". Marketing gets people to buy the game—it doesn't make them _enjoy_ it though. The real answer is much simpler: the people who enjoyed the game were enjoying it for what it was. I'm one of those—I played it about 9 months ago (even posted [a review on this sub](https://old.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/x22o5f/cyberpunk_2077/)). Given the general tenor of people's opinion on the game, I went in with pretty low expectations but it ended up being one of the best games I played last year.
    They just want to say some stuff to sound smart and don't realize how stupid what they actually say is.
I agree! Edgerunners created a hype train that EXPLODED the games popularity. That was there most financially successful quart iirc.
Marketing is part of it. But the game is fun. I played it on ps5 and had a good time. From what the developer is saying, the updates being released alongside the dlc are significant. I'm tempted to go back and play through again. And yes, Cyberpunk Edge Runners is really, really good. I'm not a big anime person either, but loved it.
They should offer the DLC for free as a thank you and apology.
    It’s free for $35.
        All the game overhauls it brings are comming with a free update.  The $35 is for the new story.  It's up to you.  Ya I don't know if it's worth it.  It better be a very long story cause thats almost what a new game would cost.
            Word is it's a 30-hr campaign so it may even out?
    While Phantom Liberty content is not free the lead has said that there is a free update coming to the base game with all of the overhauls.
marketing? what marketing did they put in after release?  

lots of people loved it on release... including me... for those that experienced bugs they didn't but they eventually played it bug free and enjoyed it.... 

steam review trends confirm this... the people bitching about the game have always been people expecting gta6 and that makes up a small minority of folks compared to the majority who expected an urban witcher game... and were not disappointed...
    Ugh... I knew I'd find the sane answers buried in downvotes.
    > marketing? what marketing did they put in after release?

Edgerunners?
        that's not an advertisement for the game... that was a standalone project....
            It literally is an ad.  
It’s also a decent anime. 

It can be both.
    Weird how you insist on talking about the company's responsibility _after release_ but then blame the community for what the company expected, because of what the company was expecting _before release._
Said anime proceeds to cause a debate among gamers because it led to cyberpunk being awarded with "Labor of Love" over games likr zomboid or deeprock.
I'll be honest, the anime is what got me into the game. And I do actually like it.
It took them 2 years to fix the most basic and glaring issues that should have been fixed before the game even launched. Even basic quality of life shit like being able to change your appearance after the start of the game or police not spawning inside of you. 

But for some reason everyone praises it like it's suddenly "good", they've barely made it what it was SUPPOSED to be on launch let alone actually adding new things. 

It's a shame because the game has a huge amount of potential but with all the fixes and tweaks, there's still problems with the story and gameplay loop that you can't just patch away.
Release a (pretty mid) anime and all sins are forgiven
You can buy it at GOG for half the price though
    Isn't it on steam for half price very often as well?

Or is gog half of half?
Same, went in with zero expectations and obviously there are problems, but the characters and dialogues alone omg i never experienced such fleshed out characters that really feel real
I fucking love hacking in this game! It can be insanely op with the right build and it's so much fun just walking past a group of enemies do a quick hack and have them all drop behind you like you're in an action movie
    Absolutely. By end game my V could drop 5 enemies right off the bat and finish the 6th with a well placed headshot.

Made me feel like a PsyOps Stealth God.
Even if you don't plan on returning for DLC, I think the patch that will overhaul the game is worth checking out.
    Really? Didn’t hear about that. I still haven’t finished my second playthrough so I probably should go check that out.
        It hasn't been released yet but they talked about some of the stuff that will be overhauled which quite a lot. I think they will released it in 3 months lol

https://www.gamesradar.com/cyberpunk-2077-phantom-liberty-offers-such-sweeping-changes-its-being-hailed-as-cyberpunk-20/
            Damn they’re really hyping it up. I might actually buy it just to feel that second play through in a 2.0 mode.
                Yeah I'm still on my first playthrough, just a couple of hours in but this makes me consider holding out continuing until the patch is released.
                    If I was you, I would hold off. I think I tried playing right around the 1.5 patch, but there was still work to be done. I played a little later and it was fine. I’m gonna hold off too
                        Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
                        Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
I'd settle for driving that isn't so atrocious that I spend the entire game on the motorcycle purely because they handle more predictably.
    Obviously this is not an acceptable solution to an issue with a game but if you wanna give it another go there's a mod on the nexus that improves driving a lot
    Actually they're really improving the whole driving system plus a full overhaul of the police system in the game. These changes will be live after the dlc launches and will be free for all cyberpunk owners. The state that they launched the game was unforgivable but yea they _have_ made some improvements to say the least
I was so disappointed with the cyberware selection this time around yeah. The first Cyberpunk franchise game to get a video game release would have been a great chance to show off the iconic cyberware from previous games, finally visualize them outside of the theatre of the mind, but instead they deleted most of em, dropping the cyberware list to a tiny percentage of what it used to be, butchered cyberware customization, and then on top of that, most of the cyberware that survived comes with glaring visual bugs that make them a pain to use lol
    What I don't understand is why the game has a fucking skill tree. Cyberware was the perfect system to make character progression be an immersive part of the game that is integrated with the core themes of the setting, but instead they gutted the cyberware system and filled the game with the most generic AAA mechanics possible.
        I don’t mind a skill tree tbh, cyberware has never been the ONLY way to improve your character, after all, but I would have much preferred it if it was just the skill list from previous games, where you can pour your IP into  your characters skills to improve them, but then they ditched most of the RPG elements at the last second to swap it to an action adventure game, so there’s no rolls for anything, there’s not stealth rolls, deception rolls, human perception rolls, etc, so putting points into improving your human perception wouldn’t mean anything anymore.



And then they gave this jank ass version of a skill tree


I will say I’m interested to see how it improves from here tho, since they are reworking the whole skill tree when the dlc drops.
Same boat here. After the fixes, it looks like an *alright* game. I'll say the same thing about Fallout 76 here, where the result was *okay* after some work. But there was a lot to put up with just to have these games reach the level of 'adequate', and I don't see where the love comes from.

Like hey, I'm not a Fortnite player, but I can see where the appeal came from and how the game became an immensely popular hit, but then I see a middle-of-the-road game like Diablo IV whose only explanation I can think of for selling well is that it was advertised freakin' everywhere.
    I'd argue that the people that stuck through the mess that was launch and the years of bug fixes are committed to the game and more forgiving than all those that left. It filters everything out but hardcore fans.

So of course, those hardcore fans will say that everything is better now and that it turned into the 'best game evar.'
        That goes for most games these days to be honest. So many terrible launches that only manage to retain die-hard fans of the franchise or developer. Most AAA games are living off the hardcore players that no-life them and not by attracting new players.
        Outside of the obvious issues on consoles, the launch was amazingly smooth for Cyberpunk on PC. I played through the whole game before I even knew there were major issues with it. And I only knew there were major issues because Reddit was blowing up complaining about console performance and a bunch of features working as described by CDPR's marketing team and not like they thought it would based on their head canon.
            The delusion of the fanboy.

Sure, you didn't have problems so no one had problems.

It wasn't the devs / publishers fault, it was the customers fault for believing them.
                i didn't either... and maybe if you werent living in a world of denial you might accept the many people who had a fine experience....
                I'm not going to say there were no issues, but I also had a great experience on launch on PC.
    Gotta say I’m liking D4 a lot. Can’t remember any ARPG with this much content on release. PoE went to act 2, D3 is notorious for being practically just the campaign on release. Grim Dawn had a ton added over the years.

And with D4 being a seasonal game, and the base already being good but with lots of room to add more systems and content I’m pretty happy, tons of potential. And I’m already enjoying pushing nightmare dungeons and preparing for the Uber boss.
        My issue with D4 is that the quantity is not quality. They have a lot of stuff but most of it is trash. I see how it's fun, but compared to even D3, it's overly grindy in the wrong ways. It's like they learned nothing from their previous games.
        yeah, i actually enjoyed d4 quite a bit and i was very very skeptical going in. 

finished campaign and got through level 50 on my first toon and i’m overall satisfied (i’ve never had the desire to grind endgame in ARPGs). i’m the exact kind of casual ARPG/diablo dad gamer that the d4 sub complains about lmfao. 

i can tell once seasons are rolling that it’s gonna be the perfect game for me to come back to for a couple weeks every year, and that’s all i need it to be.
        Agree. I've been playing it non-stop (when I have time, which isn't often) and having a blast. It's also one of the few AAA games I've bought that isn't a bug fest, and the servers have been almost rock solid for me.

I have heard that past lvl 70ish the content sort of dries up, but I think that will be resolved in seasonal updates.
        Really love Grim Dawn and would like to see another.
    [deleted]
        I'd play Fallout 4 vanilla any day every day over stuff like Cyberpunk 2077, it's not even funny. 

Say what you will about Bethesda but the way all their systems and game designs are developed and interconnected makes for a really dense experience. 

It's kinda weird to say that about Bethesda, but I feel like CP77 is more beautiful on the surface but really shallow, whereas Fallout 4 is ugly and unappealing on the surface but once you do actually scratch under the surface there's *a lot* under the hood. Like how for example the dialogue is really bare bone compared to other RPGs, but then you look at all the different ways the world and NPCs can react to you, what you're wearing, what you're equipped with, what you did, in what order, with who you are, and suddenly it feels really impressive as an RPG - it's just one that reacts to your action instead of your dialogue. 

Anyway, Bethesda without mods are the whole cheesecake, it just so happens that mods are a whole other bakery too.
Honestly the mileage you get out of combat in the vanilla unmodded version depends heavily on your build.

In my first playthrough i essentially made a Doom guy who could one shot everything with shotguns, even through walls, double jump all over the place and slow time whenever he's surrounded. For me, it was fun enough to see me through the game, especially with the gruesome dismemberment system. I really liked the setting, characters and story, so i put a good 120 hrs into it.

I saw others have a lot of fun by making essentially invincible hackers who would waltz into buildings and have enemies instantly die/kill themselves.

But other builds, like going full stealth or treating it like a cover shooter, have consistently less mileage on them due to dumb/predictable AI and the levelling system that makes enemy health pools all over the place.
Maybe money? I don't forget how everyone was giving it 9/10 or 10/10 reviews up until players starting getting mad about it and suddenly all reviewers where calling it a disaster.
    tbf, those review scores were more made in fear of harassment from fans rather than getting paid, because man, saying anything bad about cyberpunk before release was enough to get you crucified for some people.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

hell, i think back to that one 7/10 review the game got, that was entirely spot on, and yet the person who wrote it got a ton of death threats
        A reviewer said the game could cause epilepsy seizures (she suffered from it) but otherwise gave it praise and some people sent her seizure inducing videos. Some people are just dicks.
            yep, but those people genuinely believe she was insulting cyberpunk by saying that. those people are just dicks, but they're dicks that are extremely common, especially when it comes to a game people decided pre-release was gonna be the greatest video game to ever release. it didn't even matter to them that she liked the game, all that matter to them was that she said anything that could be perceived as "hurting the hype"
                Be careful of thinking things are common, just because its really easy to be a loud jerk online with a host of modern harassment tools at their fingertips. It only takes a few these days to be far reaching and cause problems for people.
        That sounds more as an excuse than a real reason. The reviewers' job is to provide a relatively objective review (with a bit of personality, yes, but that should not alter the evaluation itself). Death threats are unacceptable and should be reported, but they should not be even part of the calculation. Otherwise, they (and the company they are associated with) will rapidly lose credibility and, with it, their source of income.
            except it's a sad reality that it will actively affect how a review might be scored. this is absolutely a real fucking reason. hell, as another comment said, even just pointing out you might get a seizure from the game was enough to receive death threats. the pre-release of cyberpunk was on a different fucking level to any other game and the fear of harassment can easily affect a lot of people scoring.

&#x200B;

it will be the same with gta 6. a lot of people will be terrified of saying anything negative because a lot of gamers are fucking losers that think harassment is a valid response to criticism towards a game they didn't even play yet. hype can absolutely cloud people's judgement and anyone who says anything going against the hype train will suffer badly and it's definitely affecting people in the games criticism industry
People still play assassins creed games which it is substantially more interesting than.

Atmosphere can do a lot for a game. There are surprisingly few games that actually do cyberpunk stuff despite it being such a good fit for the medium.
I feel like they should've made a linear game.
    That goes for all CDPR games imo.
>the actual gameplay loop and combat is bare bones and boring

Were you playing it as a cover shooter? It really shines as you get better with maneuvering and using blades is sweet.
I don't really get how people think the combat is bare bones. That being said I've modded the living fuck out of the game and its combat.
Yeah, boiled down to its core loop, Cyberpunk is the same as The Witcher 3 - the missions and stories are key, the gameplay is just serviceable and the open world is there for (gorgeus) set dressing.
    I got frustrated with the little side stories... In the Witcher 3 they often had some environmental storytelling *first*, then maybe someone or thing to fight. Or you randomly got attacked first, fought back, then found out why.

In cyberpunk, every single thing was show up and start blasting without knowing why, only that they are marked red. Then read a conversation that makes you go 'ah yes, I'm glad I blasted these guys'

They're well written but the actual process is such a step backwards
        I agree there. Witcher 3 was a fairly static world that gave the impression of being dynamic on a first playthrough by using what you described. I do think it overused the "found the convenient note leading to a tresure 50 feet away" encounter, but at least it had some variations on that. 

Here they just seem to run out of time to script stuff and just used the same framework to populate the world with "content". What's more baffling is that, if you use a mod called "Missing Persons - Fixer's Hidden Gem", which tracks easter eggs in the game, you'll see that at least a couple of those have some minor follow-ups if you return later - but there's absolutely no reason to do it and the game doesn't in any way nudge you to go back to NCPD scanner areas you already did.
    Thank you, I was struggling to verbalise my feelings but you summed them up perfectly. Unfortunately this is why I hate CDPR (although CP was alright).
idk man I spent hours playing tennis in GTAV. Obciosuly it's not for everyone and as you said, most people don't give a shit, but I enjoyed how you could pic kanother character up and go out with them, playing darts, golf, etc. Even if those minigames weren't the greatest, I enjoyes that a lot.
The importance of a good open world like in RDR2 goes way beyond doing mini-games or side activities. You feel part of a living, breathing universe that responds to you and it keeps the immersion intact all through your playthrough, even if you never play poker or whatever.

In CP the concern is not the absence of tennis or bowling; it’s about the open world feeling fake, like a carboard cutout, in big part because of the garbage NPC AI. There's practically nothing that reacts to your actions apart from enemies and the two predetermined animations the NPCs have. This isn’t about needing more ‘fluff’ to do, but rather a more sophisticated and authentic world that acts as a good backdrop even if you do nothing but the main story.
    Yeah, you're right. I mean, It is garbage, can't argue there.

But what exactly are we comparing it to? Are we comparing it to RDR2?I mean, there's not really many things you can compare this open world to besides that game, only Rockstar really.

I think the disappointment was coming purely from expectations from underdelivered promises.
There are basically two camps, there are the people who didn't have any expectations going in and got a fun but sort of shallow and unbalanced narrative game with some cool ideas and a jaw dropping setting. The game breaking bugs were fixed over time and it's smooth for most people now. 

And there are people who were aware of what was promised, and very acutely notice the absence of core features that just never materialised. 

There's no doubt that 2077 is a fun game but I think what irriates a lot of people is that it could have been a truly magnificent game if they had just spent more time on it. 

Which is why I admire the way nintendo releases games. They don't even tell you about it until it's nearly ready and they have zero qualms about pushing back dates if they won't be hit.
    I'm in either of those camps. I was looking forward to it, found it a buggy mess, but think all the other aspects of it were still pretty good. Enjoyed the world and the gameplay loop, thought the characters were great, enjoyed plenty of the quests too. I find it weird the hatred the game gets in these sort of threads.

I'm definitely gonna pick up the DLC at some point and replay the whole thing.
    >There are basically two camps, there are **the people who didn't have any expectations going in and got a fun but sort of shallow and unbalanced narrative game with some cool ideas and a jaw dropping setting**. The game breaking bugs were fixed over time and it's smooth for most people now.  
>  
>And there are people who were aware of what was promised, and very acutely notice the absence of core features that just never materialised.

This describes my experience to a T. Didn't get a modern console (i.e. I was a switch peasant) until after the game had been out for a year or so. I knew it had been hyped as a major release but that's about it. I enjoyed it for what it was but can completely understand why people are disappointed due to what was promised.

The reception of Cyberpunk reminds me greatly of the divided reactions to Fable for the OG xbox, another highly hyped game with loads of promised features.
        Project Ego. 

Little did we know that Peter Molyneux was talking about himself not the game
    That's not exactly true, im still waiting on metroid prime 4 since 2017
        Today was a disappointing day for Metroid fans.
    Really can't compare it with Nintendo, as Cyberpunk was all about pushing hardware to it's absolute limit and many of its issues stemmed from that. Nintendo hasn't published a game on a platform with more compute power than my mobile phone in 15 years. And they've all been homogeneous not PC.
    >And there are people who were aware of what was promised, and very acutely notice the absence of core features that just never materialised.

most people understand what a promise constitutes and most of the previews were not promises.... people talk all sorts of things during development... many will get left on the cutting room floor... if you've ever followed any release closely it's no different than any of those... 

that you get butthurt over it shows naivety...
[deleted]
    I'll get the pitchforks
        I'll pre-order about 3.
Isn't OP literally asking what others see in this game? I dont understand the point of this comment
    It's as useless as "all opinions are equally valid" or "people have different tastes" or other one-line discussion terminating cliches people love on reddit.
    > Isn't OP literally asking what others see in this game? 

No, they're stating that they don't see it. There are no questions in the body of the post.

Frankly I think OP's title is strawmanny as hell, I can't recall seeing any significant voices calling it one of the best games. The standard refrain I see is that it has significantly improved.

My suspicion is that OP is conflating its presence in gaming benchmarks as a statement of its overall quality rather than the simple fact that it's a useful benchmark.
        This sub is discussion focused, it's an implied question built on their disagreement with the premise laid out in the title. While they didnt verbatim say the words "what do people see in this game," they did ask how people can say it's good while laying out the reasons they think it is bad.

I do agree that OP is being hyperbolic about people who think the game is good, though.
Please explain to me how you see it then, I'm not trying to be an asshole I'm genuinely curious
    The biggest drawback I ever faced with CP was the atrocious diving. It felt like a major step back from any similar game and really stopped me from actually exploring around Night City
        Motorcycles are the only way to go.
            I also preferred motorcycles but even those seemed terrible.  I don't know, it really pushed me to just finish the game and not enjoy it as much
        Driving on motorcycles in third person is not as bad, but driving still isn't great.  I loved the game overall though.  Great story and characters.  Especially Kerry Eurodyne.
            With the recent advances in driving in video games just reminds me of the jump to GTA4 where the cars felt like they actually had weight and the driving was a bit more reasonable.  This seems like a jump in the opposite direction  especially when this is supposed to be a highly advanced society with cybernetic implants...
        The biggest issue is that there isnt a way to cap the max speed. Trying to keep a car at 60mph is hard but they become perfectly drivable. While others like type 66 and coyote are great fun to drive at high speed.
    Cyberpunk 2077 on release was an absolute travesty on older consoles or weaker gaming PCs. Higher end gaming PCs handled it just fine; it had plenty of bugs but nothing worse than your average Bethesda RPG.

People had very different experiences across platforms or PC performance levels.
        I played on Series X at release and had a very good experience. Only one real bug that I was able to work around easily (a repeatable game crash when driving through a particular intersection while on one mission).
        I had just built a new gaming pc the year prior and had no issues running it on launch, for a week straight lol. like 100 hours in that week iirc. didn't think it should have been released on older consoles, at least not at launch. would have stemmed a lot of blood.
        Nothing worse than a Bethesda RPG, my guy the entire police mechanic didn't even work
        My computer was midrange in 2016 and handled Cyberpunk mostly fine. Visual bugs were a bit jarring, and a lot of the criticisms rang true, but I didn't deal with any of the major performance issues or gamebreaking bugs (that's all a bit of a luck of the draw, though).
        This is it.  I never experienced any bugs that had a severe impact.  I've always liked it.  It may not be packed with random mini-games like a Rockstar open world but there are still plenty of things to find.  And I greatly prefer the mechanics of CP2077 over Rockstar mechanics.  As you said: Not everyone has the same experience.  Nor do we all like the same things.
        Pretty much no pc handled it fine in 4k with raytracing on since we were using the 2000 series nvidia cards.  Event he best of the best graphic cards couldn't put out enough fps to enjoy playing it.  With raytracing off that was a different story.  Cards and tech have come a long way since then and its much easier to play a game with raytracing.
    Imagine the sort of games out there like Fallout New Vegas or Fallout 4. You walk to an area, get missions to do, many of which having different outcomes depending on your choices. It is enjoyable to play in different ways and if the story is compelling (not fo4 but nv applies here) you like to see how the changes you have made affected the outcome of the game. Only in those games, most of the choices are pretty black and white, and while they may affect the world, they don't actually affect you much. 

Now consider cyberpunk. Early on, there is a quest where you have to get a robot for a upcoming mission. However, this robot was purchased by your boss, but the guy he bought it from was removed in a coup and the new boss of that gang doesn't wish to uphold the deal. The 4 choices the game gives you are the following: use the help of a corpo faction in order to get the bot by destroying the gang base, destroy the gang base on your own, pay for it using your own money, pay for it using the corpo faction's money however the corpo finds out and attacks, and you can choose to help the gang and they give you your bot. 

Now normally you think, ok so it's a branching quest line, but same ending right? However way later on in the game, you encounter a character researching this gang, and have to get them out of the gang's night club. If you were enemies, or killed the last leader, they will allow you inside so they can enact revenge. However if you were chill, and resolved it in a good way, the current leader genuinely doesn't care as much and won't attack you. 

Cyberpunk has tons of moments like this. The plot is incredibly well written and characters are very compelling. It genuinely feels like you are changing the story, not just playing out different branches of the same story. Combat is enjoyable to me personally, though it will be even better with phantom liberty. Customizing my character meant a lot to me, and will be even better with phantom liberty. They plan on completely rebuilding the skill system, police system, combat AI has been completely rebuilt from the ground up. 

I am immensely excited for the game. And if you feel you wish to wait until 2.0 and try it then, go ahead! But I cannot guarantee you will enjoy it. Not everyone likes the same games. I outlined why I liked cyberpunk 2077, but I am someone who plays the game like it is crack. I am on playthrough 5 doing all side content. Other games I like, like Fallout 4, I have beaten 20 times, *literally*. One mans trash is often another man's treasure in gaming.
        That mission that you mention, it’s literally the only moment like that. The only other story changing moments are “did you do this quest line or not” and that’s about it. Coincidentally, that’s the mission they showed at E3, making the game seem far more open than it really is. Coming from the fallout angle is what made this game so disappointing for me. When I approached it as a linear story game and ignored the open world and choice aspects all together, that’s when I was able to enjoy the game for what it is., A very solid linear story with a tacked on open world.
            I was just about to say this, the mission they mention is like the demo mission they showed off pre-release, it's far more intricate and branching that basically any other mission in the game. If anything it's more frustrating that it's present because it shows that they were capable of doing this sort of thoughtful design but they just bottled it in he rush to get it out. For most of the rest of the game the main choice you'll have on a mission is whether or not to kill the mission character or not.
                It's almost like they made the first 2 hours of the game good so people wouldn't refund it on Steam once they realized the rest of the game's story missions are shallow.
                    More like they made two hours of a good game and then got hit with impossible deadline after impossible deadline and the quality started to decline.
                        they were the ones that always said "when it's ready", and didn't they have over 4 years of dev time?
                            I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
                                i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
            There are several other decisions that affect other missions, like how Woodman will give you info if you tell him you did Jotaro in, or how you need to follow a certain path to get the secret ending.

A lot of people miss these subtle differences because they’re all written as if the path you take is the only path.
                In minor ways yes, but nothing nearly as branching or intricate as the drone mission. Mostly the decisions come down to “ I chose to kill/not kill one person, so this other person is more willing to cooperate.”but broad strokes each mission will end the same, it will just depend on if you need to shoot your way out or not. As for the secret ending, you just need to complete a certain characters side mission without completely antagonizing them, which is a bit more involved than complete the side mission but still nothing on the level of something like New Vegas. No choice you make in the game bar the ending have a significant impact on the world around you
                    That’s very much the Cyberpunk theme though. You can’t beat the system.
            There are definitely other missions like that. If you send >!Jackie's body to Vik, you won't get to attend the funeral!<, which means you don't get to meet a character in one of the quest that would have let you breezed to the target you are supposed to assassinate.
                That’s certainly cool, but that’s another mission from the intro, which really had a lot more going on than the rest of the game IMO. It’s still a pretty binary choice, where the drone mission had far more than two possible outcomes. It’s pretty commonplace to have good and bad endings in games nowadays, but IMO Cyberpunk never came close to realizing the potential seen in its e3 trailer, I hope phantom liberty will though.
                    There are other missions like it. If you don't care about spoilers, this site lists almost all missions where your choices have an effect on the outcome:

https://www.powerpyx.com/cyberpunk-2077-story-choices-guide/
        This mission's complexity and quality are an exception rather than the norm.

This explains why the game is OK, not great AND why some fans are disappointed to the point of anger, in that: we see how it COULD have been, but they didn't put in the time to make it that way.

I get it, it's probably a ton of work to make an interlocking web of mission trees. But that's what some were led to believe it would be.

I would be happy with just a working sandbox and better gameplay. If they fix driving, fighting, and the character progression I'll be good with it. If not, I won't be looking to get the DLC. I'll be waiting for some patches and reviews (by players) before I decide.
            C2077 is fine. I agree one major issue is that very few of the missions feel really good. People forget that a lot of TW3's missions were fairly linear too, but it feels like C2077's story missions are also mostly linear -- *with some excellent exceptions*.
        > Cyberpunk has tons of moments like this

Does it though? I feel like the Spiderbot questline is the only part of the game, where you have any actual impact on the story.
            Yeah I'm confused as hell by that point lol. I really enjoyed 2077 personally but it didn't have much reactivity to player choices at all. Even the background you choose for your characters make pretty much no difference.

There are definitely a lot of rpgs out there that have way more reactivity than 2077. I wouldn't recommend 2077 for someone that wants their choices to matter.
                How many times you played the game? Because, unlike Mass Effect or many other choice-consequence games, this one does not shove the "look, this action changed the game in x, y, and z ways."

You either need to replay it choosing to do different things each time or watch videos on YouTube, which most people don't bother doing.


---- Potential spoilers ahead ----




For example if you don't send Jackie to mama Welles, you will skip an ENTIRE SEGMENT of the game where a lot more is shown about his personality and difficult relationship between mama Welles and his girlfriend, Misty. You skip talking to people who knew him so well and skip the entire funeral celebrating his like. You can also meet him much later in the game after his death through Mikoshi - I did and I was surprised so many people didn't know about that.
                    Played it three times.  I'm not saying there is no reactivity at all, just that it's not really that much and not something I would really consider a selling point for the game.  The overall story and events of the game are going to be largely the same no matter what.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by various cRPGs that I've played, lol.
            The main heist is another one - it has a few choices, notably the one concerning Jackie, that affect the game much more. Or the quest where you get attacked in the motel: this one only has one meaningful choice - to save or not to save, but that will change the most.

There are many other, less noticeable examples. Including side quests.
        it’s worth noting (and i’ve seen several other people repeat this same sentiment), that i had to  start this game like literally 5 times before it clicked for me, but i kept seeing people rave about how great the game was and it kept encouraging me to give it another shot. once it clicked however, it CLICKED, and i couldnt put it down. now it’s probably one of if not my favorite games that’s come out in the past 5 years. 

i ended up doing pretty much everything there is to do in the base game (in one play through). really excited for phantom liberty
            People did you a dis service by comparing this to fallout 76
        I don't think you can compare those games.

My friend can play Cyberpunk and Witcher to death, but I can't. However, I can play Fallout and Elder Scrolls to death, but he can't. He likes his story driven games, I however like my freedom to just roam around and do what I want.

He wants games that are more linear, I want games that are more open. They're different given the context.
        You know, I sometimes envy people like you who can get hundreds of hours out of a singleplayer title.
            The way I put it is that it's like soul food, comfort food. Sure you can try something exotic, get amazed, or experience something truly spectacular. But when I get home from work, sometimes I just want to wind down, relax to music or a podcast/YouTube documentary, and just lightly stimulate my brain by getting through some side quests, or just exploring a world. it's how I got over a thousand hours on fallout 4 on PC alone, with tons more on console.
                Tbh, I did log 650hrs in MSFS since October (taking a break now). But when it comes to story driven singleplayer games I find it hard to stay engaged for that long - certainly not thousands of hours. I'll usually complete the story, do a few side quests along the way, and then I'm done.
            I put hundreds of hours into Resident Evil 2 and this game is really straightforwad, you don't make any choices at all, you just let the story play out. But I wanted to have faster times and that took me most of the time. It was genuinely fun to do even if I played it so many times already. Coming up with my own strategies for playing faster was really fun. I eventually 100% the game so bonus content took me some time to finish too.
        I’m honestly glad they’re doing everything you said, but isn’t that what led to this fiasco in the first place? All they’re doing now is promising to deliver on what they first promised and failed to deliver except it’s in a DLC. Why do you think this will be different?
        ah yes, mention the mission that is the only one in the game where your choice actually matter
    I loved the game. Great atmosphere and game play.
    Yep, it was definitely because it was my niche. I've been a major Blade Runner fan when the movie first came out. I have purchased every version/format of the movie to this day. I've played various cyber punk style games over the years. Read a lot of cyber punk style fiction.

I never followed the hype on Cyberpunk 2077. I knew I'd play it, and when I did I have to say I really enjoyed it.

I guess some of the reasons I liked it were:

Driving, I do driving simulators from time to time, but this is an RPG, so I didn't care about how the driving felt. I wanted flying cars anyway.

Combat, I love some early CoD and Battlefield. However, again CP77 is an RPG, so I didn't expect that kind of combat.

Fortunately I played on PC and have a good gaming rig, so I didn't run into many of the performance issues many complained of in the early days.

So bottom line, its a matter of taste. Like shoes and hair styles. However, I'm, bald, so I got one style.
    I got the game after the 1.5 patch on the PS5. Yes there were still promises not in the game but I played it to completion and had a great time. I recall one questline bugged out and I was unable to finish it (the taxi ones) but overall my experience and enjoyment was quite positive.
    I started it when it first came out. Gave up. 

Started it again a few months ago and finished it and just sat there for a bit in silence going “wow”.  

I’m very much a casual gamer but damn, I finished it and thought this is how storytelling could be done more often. Just loved it, haven’t enjoyed any game as much in I guess 30 years….

🤷‍♂️
    It seems like you are trying to be an asshole but I’ll leave my thoughts anyway. 

- the story is amazing, both the personal story of V as well as his interactions with many of the main characters you meet along the way (Panam, Judy, takemura, Jackie, etc) side quests were also mostly excellent 

- it’s also very thematic and an amazing representation of cyberpunk as a genre

- the world is beautiful and Night city is one of the coolest locations in any game. Yes it’s “dead” in the sense that if you try to GTA style shoot it up the civilian and police reactions suck, but walking around the city from mission to mission is atmospheric, beautiful, and engaging imo. 

-combat wasn’t ingenious or anything but it was fun, guns felt cool and good to me, cyberware augmented combat well and hacks were cool once upgraded (eg the mind virus stuff) 


Yes it’s buggy and they underdelivered but it’s objectively at least a good game. Seems like you’re being contrarian just for the sake of it.
        Someone finally leaves a detailed comment on why they love the game and get downvoted for it lol. This thread is is full of bad faith posturing from "spurned lovers".
            I’d bet a good portion of them haven’t played it. But the question is fundamentally dumb: most things I dislike I can recognize why people would or do like. If you can’t it’s your issue not theirs
        No idea what made you think I'm just being an asshole, but you reiterated everything I said
"Great story and graphics and art design, bad AI and combat"
            The combat isn’t bad tho, but even if it is, then it’s fairly obvious why people think the game is good. Aka, your question is stupid and seems to be in bad faith.
    Certainly not empty and like half the city isn't there. Idk if you've got the npc density lowered or something but the city is completely packed if you have it maxed out. 

Things like AI aren't perfect, but that isn't exactly out of the ordinary for the genre. I wouldn't say it's one of the best games ever made, but I certainly consider it one of the best immersive sims ever made.
    Well, for me it’s tied with Skyrim for my favorite game. (In all fairness, I got this on my One X about a week after launch and loved it despite its bugs.)

The colors, the story line, kick it on with some RTX on ultra settings and it nearly brings a tear to my eye. Keanu Reeves does such an Amazing job of playing Johnny Silverhand, you can feel the emotion when he’s angry or hurting or sad. Seeing how he turns from an asshole to someone who actually cares for V is truly fantastic and the endings are insanely emotional. All around good story telling. 

How much time have you put into the game?
        I have 40 hours in the game
I mean i have played this game for over 250hours, it is a really good game but i just cant consider it a masterpiece
People like to criticize Cyberpunk (a rpg game) like it's grand theft auto


I believe same thing will happen to starfield, people will go into it with skyrocketed expectations and get disappointed when it's just a bigger Bethesda RPG.
I mean that was their assumption before making the post and asking for opinions. Meanwhile, we have your vapid, irrelevant reply.  Maybe when you get older you'll be able to form relevant and cohesive opinions yourself.
    >Maybe when you get older you'll be able to form relevant and cohesive opinions yourself.

Kind of a funny thing to say when the OP's post is the most generic opinion that screams "random redditor No 263828" with the most generic and objectively wrong criticisms possible.
Same but on xsx
I don't see why people say the main plot is mediocre. It does a good job of playing off the whole devil on your shoulder dynamic, and the core idea of either slowly coming to terms with your imminent self-death or desperately grasping at straws to avoid it, all while ironically becoming what your character had set out to do from the beginning (an NC legend) pays good homage to the genre.
The characters and their stories were definitely a big highlight of the game.
Same here, I wasn't especially impressed with the combat, driving, or even some aspects of the environmental design, but I found the story and characters to be pretty compelling and I ended up liking the game quite a bit. 

The characters in particular I thought were very well done, from the writing, to the visuals and animation, to the performances. Really what kept me coming back was wanting to spend more time getting to know them.
    I think the main issue is the length of it. People expected another epic long story like The Witcher. 

I think here the players shot themselves in the foot a bit. With The Witcher 3 people were very happy to say: "I did not finish the game lol, too busy playing Gwent" and the devs kind of took notice eventually. So they made the deliberate decision of making the main story shorter and focus more on the side content.

Also I seem to be the only one that actually really enjoys the combat. It's fast, very active, cool... sure the AI is not smart but please show me a single RPG (or game in general) with good AI that is not FEAR.
    Yep

I did enjoy the combat. I love games where I can basically break it and once I got contagion and spread I could wreck just about any place. And then come in guns a blazing and kicking ass
what do you mean people can like different things?? i thought gamers are just one giant hivemind???
Exactly how I feel. I didn't follow the pre-launch hype and didn't get many bugs on PC. I love the world, I love the combat, and the story is good enough with some entertaining side quests. It's fun and one of the most memorable gaming experiences of the past few years for me. I get it's not for everyone, but it's weird people are mad that not everyone hates this game anymore.
    I played on PS4 Pro at launch and had a blast. Ended up getting it for PC for the mods.

I tend to not follow media very closely before launch because I don't like to spoil myself, something that screwed me with the Hobbit but has treated me well with games.
Iirc what comes with the new DLC is just the new area/story/additional ending. Everything else, overhaul included comes for free as an update.
Got this game on sale for ~$40 and I'd say it's worth about that much.
> hopped into Cyberpunk 2077 when it launched because it sounded cool to me, but I didn't follow the years of overhype and expectation leading up to 

Same story, heard about the game, read a couple of reviews, bought it and played on the release. I played with my wife, 2 separate playthroughs, and the game was a blast. Junky bugs were mostly funny, had to reload the game 2 times because of some game-breaking stuff, for 100 hours playtime it is acceptable even for older games in my opinion.

I agree that on last gen consoles it was a hot mess and they fully deserved all the backlash for it. I played on a decent PC and it was fine.
    Same here. I only encountered one or two broken missions that eventually got patched. The story just breaks you. Just stared at the credits as they rolled for a minute processing the ending. 

I feel like the people that complain about cyberpunk are just complaining about some mechanics and are probably not reading every shard and skipping all the cutscenes.
The hype was unreal. Kinda like No Mans Sky. Starfield seems to be generating similar sorts of hype levels - I wonder if that'll flop on release too.
    I doubt Starfield will flop but I do expect a 4hr long bug compilation
        I’m sure it won’t flop because it’ll be a Bethesda game and people generally like those, game breaking bugs or not.
            It will be a solid but somewhat unpolished game and I think people already know that going in. Bethesda isn’t really making any big promises and seem to be pretty honest about what is and isn’t in the game. People don’t really understand that 76 was a unique thing because of a series of issues that Bethesda has more then likely fixed. they have overhauled their engine, starfield is being developed by the primary dev team who have more experience with the engine, and it’s a single player game which is what the engine was made for.
    Neither No Man's Sky nor Cyberpunk 2077 were flops on release, though. Highly doubt Starfield will flop either. It's one of the most anticipated games and, you know, it's Bethesda. Their games tend to sell an absolute shitload. Even Fallout 76 managed to get an active userbase of 13.5 million people.
        Flop was probably the wrong word. A major disappointment might have been a better way to say it.
Which in this case was part of the problem. The hype was absolutely huge, but it didn't live up to it, so people ended up disappointed.

Ironically, I think a big part of the reason it turned around is exactly the opposite: the launch was so bad that people trying it out now because it's cheap have low expectations and then end up pleasantly surprised.
Or people genuinely enjoy the game and not everybody has the same taste.
    You think EA would have gotten the same response if they'd overpromised and under-delivered in the same way?  That one comment is still the most downvoted in reddit history and it's about microtransactions in what was still a largely good, functional and feature complete game.
        Nah, EA has literal corpses of dead and beloved studios under their feet. Their reputation is their own making. CDPR was riding the tailcoat of Witcher 3 and why the hype was overblown.
Aren't the mods very small and background ish details. I saw a vid of someone testing a bunch of mods and the only one that changes stuff a lot is the flying cars mod.
What mods do you use?
I love The Witcher 3 and have hundreds of hours in it. But I liked some of the characters in CP 2077 way more and was just as invested in its main story. 

Although tbf I'm also a sucker for anything cyberpunk, and I felt the game did well with paying homage to the genre.
So apparently my opinions invalid because I played on the console that the game was marketed for?
Played on Series X🤭
If anything, the CP2077 following the cycle:

Massive overhype -> release -> Massive backlash and negative overreaction -> Years of patches/anime/new DLC hype -> potential overhype again
> Phantom Liberty and the preceding patch will completely overhaul the game. The faction system, warrant system, police system, AI, crowds, driving, even the ending is getting retooled along with how quests work. They even added in vehicular combat

I liked CP2077 a lot on the release, but I would highly recommend to temper your expectations. Sure, it can be truly game-changing, but I wouldn't really expect too drastic changes. I know, I've seen these impressions but it's just better to wait until we have the actual product (very in the spirit of this sub, lol).
Then why did they release CP2077 at all??
    Whiny shareholders and greedy CEOs.
Yep. I don't play RPGs for mechanics, I play them for storytelling, characters, environmental design etc. 

Judged purely on gameplay mechanics, most western RPGs are utter trash. Skyrim has ponderous, floaty combat, the Witcher 3 is just a shallow game of dodging and quick attacking, Fallout New Vegas has godawful shooting. 

Those 3 games are also some of the best games I've ever played in nearly 30 years in this hobby.
Facts. Witcher doesnt get shit on nowhere near as much as it deserves
I was expecting open world Deus Ex mixed with Fallout from the trailers. 

Really bizarre choice to make it seem like we had, strategic Deus Ex combat, destructible environments factions etc. And then you do that mall mission and it’s like „oh that’s it“.
I consider Cyberpunk their new Witcher 1. Gonna take a couple iterations to get better at it.
No way it fucking did, for a sub dedicated about Conversations for video games and especially hot takes about games it really hates it
Wait what? It got taken down?
Agreed, the reaction was overblown but despite that, the game is still just mediocre and full of mind boggling design choices.

Why does a tank top give you armor? WHY?

Because cdpr saw that RPGs always have armor and so cyberpunk MUST have armor. They made a generic looter shooter rpg with a cyberpunk skin, not a cyberpunk game.

Thankfully the new expansion is making it so that only your cyberwear effects your armor which is how it should have been from day one.
    The game was rushed and poorly thought out. And yes, generic systems with little lore immersion.
        Thank you for the validation.
    Ever heard of Eurojank?
I love Fallout and Skyrim, but this game falls lackluster in that department too
But it's most disappointing as an RPG... the action is the best thing it has to offer.
Witcher 3 launched to universal praise from the media and the fans. The exact opposite of Cyberpunk
    My bad. Really hoping I don't end up on r/iamverysmart, haha
No idea what youre talking about. Witcher 3 had some bugs sure but nothing to this level, and it was widely praised from the get-go despite bugs.
The game delivers the player to many set pieces
I'm starting to give up on Bethesda, though starfield is a great game the stupid engine has not changed much at all.  They need to redou it starting from its foundaiton. Still see crappy 15 year old graphics in certain areas, and there are no physics in some areas like the trees in New Atlantis look and feel like a drawing a kid made 20 years ago.  No ray tracing either.  I mean the engine lacks allot of new tech thats been around for the past 4 to 5 years.

Also space is almost useless in the game.  They purposly decided to do almost nothing with it. It's blaringly obvious.  You can tell they were very lazy in a bunch of aspects of the game.  Only uplift is its a great rpg once you get in an area on a planet thats populated.  It has a pretty good story though with at least 4 factions you can join.  The first person shooter has greatly improved from the fallout days.
obsidian sucks just as bad if not worse than bethesda. outer worlds was significantly worse than fallout 76...
    You didn’t like outer worlds? I thought it was quirky and fun, if short
    You can’t judge Obsidian on Outer Worlds alone. They made New Vegas, arguably the best first person rpg ever. They also made Deadfire, which is one of the best (and most under-appreciated) isometric RPGs ever. 

Outer Worlds suffered from being a quite small game with a small team and budget that got blown out of proportion hype-wise because of the New Vegas-vibe creating unrealistic expectations. 

They weren’t expecting the huge interest it would get and it was a surprise hit for them (in terms of sales) as a result. I was hyped but as we all know the game was shallow and repetitive, despite some cool ideas. 

It was made was right in the beginning of the new dawn of RPGs, which have gone from being kind of on the way out (Skyrim and Fallout 4 aside) in favour of looter shooters to being the hottest thing in the industry (BG3, Cyberpunk and so on). At that time, the bar was set much lower for non-Bethesda RPGs. 

We’re now in a world where computer RPGs are bigger than ever and there’s a new Outer Worlds coming. I think that one will be what decides if modern-day obsidian can make a first person action rpg or not, because they know what the bar is now.
I can only suggest going to Nexusmods and sort by # of endorsements.

Usually more endorsements == good mod.

There are hidden gems but the popular mods are usually the good ones.

I won't actually suggest modding now. Most of them are gonna get broken by the new expansion coming out in a few weeks/months
And they hit that with a nerf bat because it was toooo strong.  Still stupid strong though.
    It used to be *even more busted*!?
        Not sure if you can still do this but you used to be able to hack pinged targets through walls, so you could just ping a camera then quickhack a target and kill a whole base from 3 blocks away without ever even seeing an enemy.
            Sounds fun honestly, why nerf this? It's a single player open world game wjo cares about game balance. Have some busted shit in there.
                Dude fucking exactly. Balance is kind of the enemy of fun. There should be some really broken ways of annihilating things. It’s not like this is going to affect anyone else in any way, why not let people see what kind of crazy shit they can do in a cybernetic world?

Edit: I should mention I’ve put a couple hundred hours into Cyberpunk and the hacking is a lot of fun. For people worried that it would discourage other gameplay types, it doesn’t really. I personally like to do a hybrid of hacking and being able to use firearms. Switch it up when the mood strikes because combat isn’t really all that difficult to begin with.
                    Yeah, my first char was exclusively a hacker. Sure you can kill everything with essentially zero risk, but the tradeoff is that it's fairly slow and methodical. My 2nd char was a melee sword user and you can annihilate everything in seconds and have bullet-time up whenever you need it just by dashing.

This whole game is *supposed* to be a power fantasy. You go from a week nobody to a badass who can destroy a battalion of max-tacs in the blink of an eye. Being overpowered is the reward you get for building up your character.
                        I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
            That's pretty much how I remember playing a Netrunner in the TTRPG.
            IDK if that’s still a thing, but being able to hack through cameras is absurd.
        Yep lol.
I love my cyberpunk world building to include flaws so glaring that no one would willingly subject themselves to the process.
I've never enjoyed a mechanic in a game more lol
My only run was hacking and it was so easy I feel like I need to replay it in order to experience whatever the intended challenge was supposed to be.
1: get 20 intelligence

2: pick bartmoss' legacy talent (it gives you otherwise rare, legendary quickhack schematics for free.) You need this, because you can get the best quickhacks much earlier than getting the necessary funds/street cred to buy them, or even find the vendor which sells them (legendary short circuit was sold by 1, one, vendor in 1.5)

3: you can short circuit enemies through camera, and clear out whole locations in seconds, or without being shot at

4: you will have enough points to reasonably increase body/reflex/tech, so you get a good secondary option if hacking is not possible. I advise doing this, so you can take a more violent approach in quest when you start to be bored by hacking
*When they asked me to be an ally, I didn't know that meant I couldn't play vidya gahem?!!* ಠ_ಠ

Maybe it was 50 people with a spine left. 

I'm not even saying that absolutely everyone had to boycott the game. But some general support would have been nice, maybe the occasional guilty conscience. Instead it was a million assholes like you and proud of it too.
    Why cause you don't like that JK made your feelings hurt lol? I don't agree with your political beliefs, I agree with JK beliefs way more, why tf would I not support it. Most people actually do believe like JK Rowling, it's just that they get harassed if they say it.
    Those poor marginalized internet trolls needed all the support they could get once the two biggest enemies of the western world found themselves engaged in unpopular military conflicts.


Won't someone think of the bullies for a change? Get back on your knees and be a good ally!
I had to unsubscribe from gamingcirclejerk since it literally just turned into a J.K. Rowling hate sub during that time
    I got banned from there for saying that I thought they were taking it too far with the bullying of content creators and dint want to associate with that behaviour.

I was part of the boycott but that almost made me buy the game out of spite. Communities like r/gamingcirclejerk really harmed the credibility of that movement in my opinion.
        I'm glad to see that sub dying. It went from making fun of lazy posts in r/gaming to a political shitshow akin to twitter.
            Mods were banning people who weren't toeing the line.

Shows you the power of mods to shape or turn a community.

And of course admins have even more power than that.

Does make you wonder about the direction of things with the changes coming to reddit's systems. People hate mods but they haven't really seen what bad mods can do.
        Yeah fuck GCJ, when I joined a couple years back they where just an LGBT- and women-friendly gaming sub with spicy memes but also where I could have cool discussions about games. It's so sad to see what it turned into.
            Exactly! It was almost a haven from all the toxicity in some other gaming communities, then it just devolved to a mess of its own.
        It used to be a great safe space that also made fun of the cringey part of gamer culture and it's largely a hate sub now. Sad to see, and the mods only encouraged it.
    Oh no, poor JK Rowling!
    It's just turned into those awful subs where you get banned for posting anything not 100% correct with the hive mind (or mod's private opinion).
With HL the result was exactly the opposite of what boycotters wanted. All the attention just increased interest in the game. It was nothing more than free publicity.
    You really think a Harry Potter game needed some minor controversy to become known?
        That common take is so bad I can't help but laugh when I see yet.  Do people actually think that the vast majority of sales of Harry Potter even knew about gaming circle jerk?  It was always going to be successful, it's fucking Harry Potter.
        I can only speak for myself, but if there wasn't a massive outrage I would probably never seen gameplay footage, and wanted to play the game.

But yeah I get your point.
            Sorry but no. I had female non-gamer friends (big Harry Potter fans) who bought a freaking PS5 just to play Hogwarts Legacy. It was always going to be big, controversial or not.
    Yeah I didn’t even realize the game was a thing until the boycott lol, then I looked into it and thought the graphics looked good and seemed like an entertaining game. I never bought it because I’m not a Harry Potter fan (nothing political, just never got into it) but I never would’ve even paid attention to it if not for everyone talking about the boycott for months
    "50 terminally online twitter users" aren't exactly a big free publicity, if anything most people that weren't online didn't even know there was a boycott of that game happening. In this sense, internet can really warp the perception of scale and interest for a certain thing/movement.

There's a valid point in calling out JK Rowling bigoted statements and behaviours against trans people. It was sad to see harassment targeted  towards content creators who wanted to raise funds to LGBT charities playing the game.
        
50 terminally online Twitter users is way off. Literally in every progressive space online and in every social network I’m in, people were having discussions about it.

But the important part is the impressions. Here’s some numbers:
In YouTube:
Video on it by kuncan dastner, 300k views.
Video by mutahar on the boycott, 550k views.
Video on it by pyrocynical, 550k views.
Video on it by The Act Man, 900k views.
Video on it by Film Champ, 1.2M views.
Videos by council of geeks, 500k+ views.
Video by Asmongold regarding the boycott, 1.1M views.
Video by HasanAbi about the boycott, 370k views.

A bunch of tiktoks from various creators regarding the boycott with over a million views each.

Articles about the boycott in LA Times, Forbes, The Guardian, Game Rant, Dextero, and many more.

That’s just part of it. If you don’t consider that free publicity, you must severely underestimate the value of online marketing when it comes to actually selling things.

And yes it was terrible they took to Twitch to harrass people for playing it and even convinced HasanAbi to NOT do a fundraiser about it. It was a bunch of massive Ls one after the other.
Potterheads will buy no matter what. It's a fandom game, and I agree, the outrage is not enough to take-on a cult fandom similar to Star Wars.
Hogwarts legacy is not the best example to be honest. I think most people still expected it to be top selling.
Let's not pretend those are even remotely the same thing.  Cyberpunk and Overwatch got criticized for actual gameplay issues, Hogwarts Legacy got criticized because some of us don't want to give our money to a transphobic bigot.  

I'm not judging anyone who chose to buy it because I know there's a lot more nuance to the situation, but that is why I personally could not buy the game even though it honestly looked awesome.
    The source of the outrage is irrelevant. It can be technical, as with CP2077, or moral, as with Hogwarts. The principle is the same: online outrage is a poor barometer for the feelings of the general population.
    You can still play it without paying her if you like Harry Potter universe but not its creator ;-)
According to Activision Blizzard's financial records from April, player count has dropped by 18 million players from date of release to when that report was released.
Thats the way. Somewhere along the line in the last few years I unsubbed from most of those subreddits, save for a few good ones like r/darksouls and r/bloodborne. Despite the oppresive difficulty of those games the communities are very positive
    The subreddits are positive. Stay off of the discords tho, I learned the hard way. All of the unironic "git gud scrub" type players are there in full force.
Yep.

The legit criticism of the game at launch was that the company made a stupid cashgrab by releasing it for last-gen consoles and trying to hide what a mess it was for last-gen consoles.  The game itself was always good, for machines that could run it.

But the Internet hates nuance, and loves dogpiling.  So "good game, but the company did something sleazy" turned into "Cyberpunk bad."
    Bruh the amount of game breaking bugs i had on release is just unjustifiable. "For the machines that could run it" the whole 3 of them?
        My mid-range computer ran it okay. Obviously not on full details. 

I had some bugs, but none of them were game breaking. Worst one I had, I had to load a save before start of a mission.
    I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land. The reaction to this game is incredible.

The story, the quests, the 'meat' of a good RPG was all there (and on the same quality as the Witcher) just marred by technical issues, and the hate mob was such that they started criticizing the game on precisely the things it did well for no reason?

The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects. It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid and people then retroactively have to convince themselves their work was actually trash all along.

Truly a stupid online hate mob.
        > I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land

"Everyone who doesn't have the same experience and tastes as me is stupid."

>The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects

Boing down the fact that the game was _literally broken_ for a significant percentage of the audience to "one aspect" is certainly a take. Particularly for someone really, really quick to call everyone else stupid.

>It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid

Ah no dude, it's like someone releasing a movie that just cuts off around a third of the way through for an awful lot of people and refuses to show you any more of it.
            I'll summarize my post because apparently it wasn't understood:

The entire game outside of technical issues was at least the same quality as the Witcher 3.

Because it had technical issues people started complaining about all other aspects of the game (story, quests, combat, skills) as if they were bad too because they were mad at it.

This is not a rational attitude and I'm calling it stupid. Your response to my post did not address it so I could extend that adjective to you as well.
I have said this before, but their PR team is seriously amazing. They actually know exactly what to say to appease gamers, it's weird other AAA devs haven't been taking notes and do their PR in the same way.
    CDPR's whole campaign about how "we leave greed to others" was cringe then and _ultra_ cringe now, but it's all disappeared down the memory hole because, like you said, these guys are incredibly good at marketing.
        Any people have incredibly short memories. There's also a shortage of good "next gen" games out there, so people are willing to overlook even the most egregious missteps in order to play some games. Probably a lot of people justifying their expensive GPU purchases as well
        I mean... they clearly do have a different approach. They still want money but they also have GOG and champion DRM free gaming.
I don't usually praise redditors on their writing skills, but gosh darn do I like this. Recreational outrage. Nice phrase
I think it's worth really emphasising how good that anime was, it opened the game up to a new audience and got a lot of people invested in the world. It was basically a fresh start.

It's like if game of the year was a licensed game to tie into the flash movie
    Or what the Clone Wars did to the Prequel trilogy
        > the Prequel trilogy

I think that's just children with nostalgia coming of age.
        I have a very good friend who insists that the Clone Wars is really, really good Star Wars and redeems the prequels. He is a very good friend, so I'll just agree that Duel of the Fates is cool as fuck and there are fun moments in Episode 3.
            I'll back him up and say that the biggest gripe I had with the prequels is that there wasn't enough time for character development in between the set pieces.

TCW series fixes a lot of that, building the emotional depth that *should* have been there for "you were my *brother* , Anakin"
    Does the anime spoil any of the game? I need to dive back into the game, so I’m curious if it’s worth watching the anime prior to revisiting the game.
        I don't think the plots overlap. They capture the same dystopian near-future feel within the same setting.
        Same city. Different players. Set about a little less than a year apart. 

>!The anime doesn't amount to more than a few footnotes in the game. Likewise, I don't think the game amounts to much more than a footnote in the Night City universe.!<
        I can definitively say no. My girlfriend showed me the anime, she's a massive cyberpunk nerd and has played the game several times over. While we watched she told me about all the cool little bits to do with the game since I had no intention of playing it and wanted to hear her thoughts (I like listening to her rambles it's really cute). They are all one-way references, where it's a cool tie in to the game if you've played it, and not spoilery at all if you haven't.
        Pretty sure the anime is an unrelated prequel.
    Check Out the Steam reviews Graph. Its insane that it got 300k positive reviews on Launch
Honestly, the game IS in a better state than release, but that isn't saying much.

The game was unplayable for me on release. Replayed it 6 monthsish ago and it was fine. 

And what did I think? It's an alright game. It was fun... It was also still not the game we were promised. It was the same underdelivering game it was on release, except these days, you can at least get to the end of it. It isn't a broken game anymore, but it's still the same game. A solid 7/10.

The Phantom Liberty overhaul doesn't really have a high bar to clear in terms of improving the game.
I did like C2077,and I did enjoy Edgerunners. 

But my god,the amount of people thinking that C2077 is the 2nd coming of christ is unbelievable.

The story is great, alongside some set pieces, but after the 1st playthrough I feel like I am playing 'Far Cry: Cyberpunk edition'
    'Far Cry: Cyberpunk edition'... yeah, that about nails it. Still fun.
How was CDPR the only non greedy developer? Why did they call them that? Naughty Dog, insomniac Games, Sucker punch, etc. are greedy?
Psyop?
So it sounds like you haven't played the game, but you're basing all of your opinion on your mind that was already made up based off the launch and hype. Alright. Yes, psy-op is the only reason someone could like it. 

Listen, it's a good game and many people have gotten away from some of the hysteria (in both directions) and enjoyed it for what it is. That's fine if you don't like or don't ever want to give it a chance, but many of us like it. I've had a blast in it over two play-throughs and cannot wait to play the new DLC for a 3rd play-through.
    It's a good game, it's not the game they advertised and they deserve to get flak for that.

It was also unplayable on console on release which has improved in the years since which is also fine to be mad about.

You can be mad if you were falsely advertised to and sold a broken game **but** I doubt anyone could be this many years in so a lot of people have discovered a pretty good game that ties into their new favourite anime to play on their ps5 with nothing much else on it besides elden ring.
        No Man's Sky didn't deliver on what they advertised when it came out. They got a lot of flak for it. It was unplayable on consoles on release.

But the devs kept at it. They fixed bugs. Added features that were promised at the onset, then added more on top of that.

Nowadays, the game is nothing like what initially came out. It's better than what they initially promised. So should people continue to be mad about it?
            "it's better than what they initially promised"

Meanwhile CP2077 is still only around half the game that was promised. Currently it's not a bad game but it's still far from anything special.
                I'm asking with sincerity: What did they not deliver on? I did not really follow the pre-launch hype.
                    Not op, but i think you hold openworld games to a certain standard that is missing in cyberpunk.

You cant shoot in a car, cops spawn behind you, no car customization, an origins system that did jack shit. 

Also, the mission where you rescue someone at the start?[Destructible environment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/slzlki/destruction_in_this_place_very_satisfying_shame/) that is very limited in the rest of the game.

It felt soulless tbh. I stopped at 20 hours and would probably come back when the expansion is released. I do still check and read the big patches that come out.

Cyberpunk seems like a game up my alley but it wasnt anything special when i played it. Im hoping the expansion and 2.0 update changes that.

These days, when im tempted to give cyberpunk another go, i just think to myself that i shouldnt hold it to other openworld sandbox's standard, you know?
                        So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
                            [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
                            Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
            NMS has been making massive updates for years. All for free.

CDPR made some major bug fixes, threw in some jackets and called it a day. Now they're asking for more money.  
They released early because they got greedy (maximise sales during the generational shift). They barely fixed the issues in the game (just the majority of bugs) and now they're selling a DLC because they got greedy.

It's only silly *not* to call them out on it.
            I upvoted you, to hopefully garner some good faith, but I'm going to disagree ever so slightly with you also. 

I believe there is still a legitimate source of anger with respect to this saga, and not just for CDPR either - all of the game companies do this now. They rush a bug-filled mess, give their mea culpas, and eventually deliver on a playable game that may or may not be what the pre-launch advertisements claimed that it would be. It is proper to be mad about this, and proper to keep that anger alive within the community, because companies shouldn't be permitted to continually get away with this. 

I like CDPR, I think they're better than at least some other companies. I dislike what they did here and I don't want them doing it again. I do not believe they deserve any credit for fixing a broken game. I will give them unreserved credit if their next game releases in accord with their pre-launch promises and not in a bug-filled mess.
            NMS actually kept improving and adding content all for free. CP77 barely added any new content and now wants people to pay more for an already unfinished story game
        Everyone knows it was broken at launch. Everyone. Nobody has forgotten.

However, it seems they've made a solid effort to make the game playable and the new expansion seems good. The writing in a lot of places is excellent and the gameplay is fresh, though no, it's still not a fully living and breathing cyberpunk GTA.
            >The writing in a lot of places is excellent

It sounds like you really want to like it.
                I played on release and everyone agreed that the writing (especially the sidequests. Man some of them are amazing) was not the bad part. Almost everything else was.
    You’re exactly right. The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing. The anime series made me want to replay it and I’m actually looking forward to Phantom Liberty. The game is far from perfect but it’s fun and that’s what gaming is about.
        > The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing.

But surely you understand why people aren't too keen on it and why it's weird that people are calling it one of the best games of all time?

Hell, your own description was "a fun game that I enjoyed finishing" which is fine but it's not exactly the description of a masterpiece, is it?
            We’ll that’s a step too far imo. It’s fun but who am I to say if it is or isn’t  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
    It's an ok game at best.
How are people still talking about the whole CP2077 being bad at launch when only the PS4 version was shit, it was without any problems on PC and with some minor issues on PS5.

The hate circlejerk just keeps going on and on...
    > it was without any problems on PC

For you apparently.  
I've many mates who had massive issues with it on PC.
'psyops'... really now...
From launch to now the game is pretty solid. Game play is fun, it runs decentl, and the story is really good. Still buggy but nothing like it was. Ahould have been like this day one.
Phantom liberty is supposed to overhaul the base game too. Might be worth a replay.

To be fair tho i enjoyed the game shortly after tge jntial bug fixes at launch and played multiple playthroughs. So tske my opion for what it is.
    Yeah that's kind of the problem, though. "Pretty solid", "runs decently", "less buggy than before", "might be worth a replay" - these are not phrases I would use for a game that people are saying is the Best Game Ever.

Number scores are meaningless but I'd assume a 6/10 or 7/10 from those phrases, and those are the kinds of phrases I see pretty often.
        Yea I'd give it a seven. Which is pretty good for games these days. Only game I've played in recent times that's blown me away from triple a developers was like elden ring... and even that had some shitty aspects with boss quality even more agregious that ds2.

Cyberpunks story is really where it shines imo. After a couple playthroughs things make more sense and you gain a different perspective. It's decently well written
All the bugs have helped obfuscate all the missing features...

...And all the missing features have helped obfuscate the bad game design of what *is* there. 

Even *if* it had no bugs, and even *if* it had everything they promised, it would still be a mid experience of half-thought game design elements and disconnected systems, you'd still get a fuckload of useless equipments, useless consumables, barebone "press a button and be done" hacking system, no enemy variety, and godknows what else I forgot because it was so uninteresting.
    What the games does really well are visuals and level design. It’s actually quite a lot of fun going around the city and figuring out how you can get from point X to Y with nothing but the game’s standard jumping and climbing mechanics. Everything else is serviceable but very mid.

I can’t get over the opening cutscene. It was 100% supposed to be playable. The way characters get introduced and the fact that you end up face to face with a fixer who later acts like they’re meeting you for the first time are dead giveaways. The narrative design also suffers extremely for it because all the sidequests revolve around you building up your legacy, which should have led up to the Dexter DeShawn introduction. Instead your first mission is this top level job from a prominent fixer and then you spend the rest of the game trying to figure out how to stop your brain from being taken over by a resurrection chip.

I’ve allowed my disbelief to be suspended before in games like Skyrim where world level threats are looming and yet you just have to help this one dude cross the street for 5 wheat bushels, but the fact that you’re constantly reminded of how fucked up your brain is when the screen glitches out every few days makes it almost impossible to really immerse myself in all these different areas of the story outside of the main quest.

And of course there’s the obvious fact that lifepaths do jack shit and the amount of narrative control you have pales even in comparison to CDPR’s previous titles.
        Man, let me pay you a virtual beer.  
I'm so tiered of reading brainless people saying CB2077 is great **Role**PG with an amazing scenario and characters when the whole story is a mess of which the most interesting part has been turned into a 2 minutes cutscene so they could focus on bringing Keanu Reeves to do some marketing.
Even with all the bugs and lack of features aside, what is there is just an utterly mediocre game.

Story/Characters/Cutscenes/Voice Acting and Visuals, that stuff is pretty good, but gameplay - the most important part to me and many - is just kinda bad. Gunplay doesn‘t feel good, driving doesn‘t either, missions are boring get from A to B quests, there‘s no emergent gameplay in the open world… at least that was my impression from the time I spent with it.
    >sions are boring get from A to B quests, there‘s no emergent gameplay in the open world… at least that was my impression from the time I spent with it.

Can you give an example of a game that gives you all those things, in a way CP2077 didnt?
This is a great take. Even with game breaking bugs fixed, it's still a very lame and experience with dull gameplay. Art direction is amazing though.
Extremely good point.
I have mixed feelings - marketing guys often lie and overpromise, and people just keep falling for it.
    I grew up in the era of Peter Molyneux, I learnt early on not to trust marketing
Whats also interesting is if you look at Critic reviews when Witcher 3 came out many of the pount out how repetitve the quest design is which as much as i love the quests un Witcher 3 there games such as New vegas, Fallout 3 and Kingdom come that have much better quest design as they give you far more freedom. So although i love Witcher 3 i feel it is really overated when it comes to quest design as there games that give you so many more options to solve a Quest.
They just want to say some stuff to sound smart and don't realize how stupid what they actually say is.
It’s free for $35.
    All the game overhauls it brings are comming with a free update.  The $35 is for the new story.  It's up to you.  Ya I don't know if it's worth it.  It better be a very long story cause thats almost what a new game would cost.
        Word is it's a 30-hr campaign so it may even out?
While Phantom Liberty content is not free the lead has said that there is a free update coming to the base game with all of the overhauls.
Ugh... I knew I'd find the sane answers buried in downvotes.
> marketing? what marketing did they put in after release?

Edgerunners?
    that's not an advertisement for the game... that was a standalone project....
        It literally is an ad.  
It’s also a decent anime. 

It can be both.
Weird how you insist on talking about the company's responsibility _after release_ but then blame the community for what the company expected, because of what the company was expecting _before release._
Isn't it on steam for half price very often as well?

Or is gog half of half?
Absolutely. By end game my V could drop 5 enemies right off the bat and finish the 6th with a well placed headshot.

Made me feel like a PsyOps Stealth God.
Really? Didn’t hear about that. I still haven’t finished my second playthrough so I probably should go check that out.
    It hasn't been released yet but they talked about some of the stuff that will be overhauled which quite a lot. I think they will released it in 3 months lol

https://www.gamesradar.com/cyberpunk-2077-phantom-liberty-offers-such-sweeping-changes-its-being-hailed-as-cyberpunk-20/
        Damn they’re really hyping it up. I might actually buy it just to feel that second play through in a 2.0 mode.
            Yeah I'm still on my first playthrough, just a couple of hours in but this makes me consider holding out continuing until the patch is released.
                If I was you, I would hold off. I think I tried playing right around the 1.5 patch, but there was still work to be done. I played a little later and it was fine. I’m gonna hold off too
                    Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
                    Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
Obviously this is not an acceptable solution to an issue with a game but if you wanna give it another go there's a mod on the nexus that improves driving a lot
Actually they're really improving the whole driving system plus a full overhaul of the police system in the game. These changes will be live after the dlc launches and will be free for all cyberpunk owners. The state that they launched the game was unforgivable but yea they _have_ made some improvements to say the least
What I don't understand is why the game has a fucking skill tree. Cyberware was the perfect system to make character progression be an immersive part of the game that is integrated with the core themes of the setting, but instead they gutted the cyberware system and filled the game with the most generic AAA mechanics possible.
    I don’t mind a skill tree tbh, cyberware has never been the ONLY way to improve your character, after all, but I would have much preferred it if it was just the skill list from previous games, where you can pour your IP into  your characters skills to improve them, but then they ditched most of the RPG elements at the last second to swap it to an action adventure game, so there’s no rolls for anything, there’s not stealth rolls, deception rolls, human perception rolls, etc, so putting points into improving your human perception wouldn’t mean anything anymore.



And then they gave this jank ass version of a skill tree


I will say I’m interested to see how it improves from here tho, since they are reworking the whole skill tree when the dlc drops.
I'd argue that the people that stuck through the mess that was launch and the years of bug fixes are committed to the game and more forgiving than all those that left. It filters everything out but hardcore fans.

So of course, those hardcore fans will say that everything is better now and that it turned into the 'best game evar.'
    That goes for most games these days to be honest. So many terrible launches that only manage to retain die-hard fans of the franchise or developer. Most AAA games are living off the hardcore players that no-life them and not by attracting new players.
    Outside of the obvious issues on consoles, the launch was amazingly smooth for Cyberpunk on PC. I played through the whole game before I even knew there were major issues with it. And I only knew there were major issues because Reddit was blowing up complaining about console performance and a bunch of features working as described by CDPR's marketing team and not like they thought it would based on their head canon.
        The delusion of the fanboy.

Sure, you didn't have problems so no one had problems.

It wasn't the devs / publishers fault, it was the customers fault for believing them.
            i didn't either... and maybe if you werent living in a world of denial you might accept the many people who had a fine experience....
            I'm not going to say there were no issues, but I also had a great experience on launch on PC.
Gotta say I’m liking D4 a lot. Can’t remember any ARPG with this much content on release. PoE went to act 2, D3 is notorious for being practically just the campaign on release. Grim Dawn had a ton added over the years.

And with D4 being a seasonal game, and the base already being good but with lots of room to add more systems and content I’m pretty happy, tons of potential. And I’m already enjoying pushing nightmare dungeons and preparing for the Uber boss.
    My issue with D4 is that the quantity is not quality. They have a lot of stuff but most of it is trash. I see how it's fun, but compared to even D3, it's overly grindy in the wrong ways. It's like they learned nothing from their previous games.
    yeah, i actually enjoyed d4 quite a bit and i was very very skeptical going in. 

finished campaign and got through level 50 on my first toon and i’m overall satisfied (i’ve never had the desire to grind endgame in ARPGs). i’m the exact kind of casual ARPG/diablo dad gamer that the d4 sub complains about lmfao. 

i can tell once seasons are rolling that it’s gonna be the perfect game for me to come back to for a couple weeks every year, and that’s all i need it to be.
    Agree. I've been playing it non-stop (when I have time, which isn't often) and having a blast. It's also one of the few AAA games I've bought that isn't a bug fest, and the servers have been almost rock solid for me.

I have heard that past lvl 70ish the content sort of dries up, but I think that will be resolved in seasonal updates.
    Really love Grim Dawn and would like to see another.
[deleted]
    I'd play Fallout 4 vanilla any day every day over stuff like Cyberpunk 2077, it's not even funny. 

Say what you will about Bethesda but the way all their systems and game designs are developed and interconnected makes for a really dense experience. 

It's kinda weird to say that about Bethesda, but I feel like CP77 is more beautiful on the surface but really shallow, whereas Fallout 4 is ugly and unappealing on the surface but once you do actually scratch under the surface there's *a lot* under the hood. Like how for example the dialogue is really bare bone compared to other RPGs, but then you look at all the different ways the world and NPCs can react to you, what you're wearing, what you're equipped with, what you did, in what order, with who you are, and suddenly it feels really impressive as an RPG - it's just one that reacts to your action instead of your dialogue. 

Anyway, Bethesda without mods are the whole cheesecake, it just so happens that mods are a whole other bakery too.
tbf, those review scores were more made in fear of harassment from fans rather than getting paid, because man, saying anything bad about cyberpunk before release was enough to get you crucified for some people.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

hell, i think back to that one 7/10 review the game got, that was entirely spot on, and yet the person who wrote it got a ton of death threats
    A reviewer said the game could cause epilepsy seizures (she suffered from it) but otherwise gave it praise and some people sent her seizure inducing videos. Some people are just dicks.
        yep, but those people genuinely believe she was insulting cyberpunk by saying that. those people are just dicks, but they're dicks that are extremely common, especially when it comes to a game people decided pre-release was gonna be the greatest video game to ever release. it didn't even matter to them that she liked the game, all that matter to them was that she said anything that could be perceived as "hurting the hype"
            Be careful of thinking things are common, just because its really easy to be a loud jerk online with a host of modern harassment tools at their fingertips. It only takes a few these days to be far reaching and cause problems for people.
    That sounds more as an excuse than a real reason. The reviewers' job is to provide a relatively objective review (with a bit of personality, yes, but that should not alter the evaluation itself). Death threats are unacceptable and should be reported, but they should not be even part of the calculation. Otherwise, they (and the company they are associated with) will rapidly lose credibility and, with it, their source of income.
        except it's a sad reality that it will actively affect how a review might be scored. this is absolutely a real fucking reason. hell, as another comment said, even just pointing out you might get a seizure from the game was enough to receive death threats. the pre-release of cyberpunk was on a different fucking level to any other game and the fear of harassment can easily affect a lot of people scoring.

&#x200B;

it will be the same with gta 6. a lot of people will be terrified of saying anything negative because a lot of gamers are fucking losers that think harassment is a valid response to criticism towards a game they didn't even play yet. hype can absolutely cloud people's judgement and anyone who says anything going against the hype train will suffer badly and it's definitely affecting people in the games criticism industry
That goes for all CDPR games imo.
I got frustrated with the little side stories... In the Witcher 3 they often had some environmental storytelling *first*, then maybe someone or thing to fight. Or you randomly got attacked first, fought back, then found out why.

In cyberpunk, every single thing was show up and start blasting without knowing why, only that they are marked red. Then read a conversation that makes you go 'ah yes, I'm glad I blasted these guys'

They're well written but the actual process is such a step backwards
    I agree there. Witcher 3 was a fairly static world that gave the impression of being dynamic on a first playthrough by using what you described. I do think it overused the "found the convenient note leading to a tresure 50 feet away" encounter, but at least it had some variations on that. 

Here they just seem to run out of time to script stuff and just used the same framework to populate the world with "content". What's more baffling is that, if you use a mod called "Missing Persons - Fixer's Hidden Gem", which tracks easter eggs in the game, you'll see that at least a couple of those have some minor follow-ups if you return later - but there's absolutely no reason to do it and the game doesn't in any way nudge you to go back to NCPD scanner areas you already did.
Thank you, I was struggling to verbalise my feelings but you summed them up perfectly. Unfortunately this is why I hate CDPR (although CP was alright).
Yeah, you're right. I mean, It is garbage, can't argue there.

But what exactly are we comparing it to? Are we comparing it to RDR2?I mean, there's not really many things you can compare this open world to besides that game, only Rockstar really.

I think the disappointment was coming purely from expectations from underdelivered promises.
I'm in either of those camps. I was looking forward to it, found it a buggy mess, but think all the other aspects of it were still pretty good. Enjoyed the world and the gameplay loop, thought the characters were great, enjoyed plenty of the quests too. I find it weird the hatred the game gets in these sort of threads.

I'm definitely gonna pick up the DLC at some point and replay the whole thing.
>There are basically two camps, there are **the people who didn't have any expectations going in and got a fun but sort of shallow and unbalanced narrative game with some cool ideas and a jaw dropping setting**. The game breaking bugs were fixed over time and it's smooth for most people now.  
>  
>And there are people who were aware of what was promised, and very acutely notice the absence of core features that just never materialised.

This describes my experience to a T. Didn't get a modern console (i.e. I was a switch peasant) until after the game had been out for a year or so. I knew it had been hyped as a major release but that's about it. I enjoyed it for what it was but can completely understand why people are disappointed due to what was promised.

The reception of Cyberpunk reminds me greatly of the divided reactions to Fable for the OG xbox, another highly hyped game with loads of promised features.
    Project Ego. 

Little did we know that Peter Molyneux was talking about himself not the game
That's not exactly true, im still waiting on metroid prime 4 since 2017
    Today was a disappointing day for Metroid fans.
Really can't compare it with Nintendo, as Cyberpunk was all about pushing hardware to it's absolute limit and many of its issues stemmed from that. Nintendo hasn't published a game on a platform with more compute power than my mobile phone in 15 years. And they've all been homogeneous not PC.
>And there are people who were aware of what was promised, and very acutely notice the absence of core features that just never materialised.

most people understand what a promise constitutes and most of the previews were not promises.... people talk all sorts of things during development... many will get left on the cutting room floor... if you've ever followed any release closely it's no different than any of those... 

that you get butthurt over it shows naivety...
I'll get the pitchforks
    I'll pre-order about 3.
It's as useless as "all opinions are equally valid" or "people have different tastes" or other one-line discussion terminating cliches people love on reddit.
> Isn't OP literally asking what others see in this game? 

No, they're stating that they don't see it. There are no questions in the body of the post.

Frankly I think OP's title is strawmanny as hell, I can't recall seeing any significant voices calling it one of the best games. The standard refrain I see is that it has significantly improved.

My suspicion is that OP is conflating its presence in gaming benchmarks as a statement of its overall quality rather than the simple fact that it's a useful benchmark.
    This sub is discussion focused, it's an implied question built on their disagreement with the premise laid out in the title. While they didnt verbatim say the words "what do people see in this game," they did ask how people can say it's good while laying out the reasons they think it is bad.

I do agree that OP is being hyperbolic about people who think the game is good, though.
The biggest drawback I ever faced with CP was the atrocious diving. It felt like a major step back from any similar game and really stopped me from actually exploring around Night City
    Motorcycles are the only way to go.
        I also preferred motorcycles but even those seemed terrible.  I don't know, it really pushed me to just finish the game and not enjoy it as much
    Driving on motorcycles in third person is not as bad, but driving still isn't great.  I loved the game overall though.  Great story and characters.  Especially Kerry Eurodyne.
        With the recent advances in driving in video games just reminds me of the jump to GTA4 where the cars felt like they actually had weight and the driving was a bit more reasonable.  This seems like a jump in the opposite direction  especially when this is supposed to be a highly advanced society with cybernetic implants...
    The biggest issue is that there isnt a way to cap the max speed. Trying to keep a car at 60mph is hard but they become perfectly drivable. While others like type 66 and coyote are great fun to drive at high speed.
Cyberpunk 2077 on release was an absolute travesty on older consoles or weaker gaming PCs. Higher end gaming PCs handled it just fine; it had plenty of bugs but nothing worse than your average Bethesda RPG.

People had very different experiences across platforms or PC performance levels.
    I played on Series X at release and had a very good experience. Only one real bug that I was able to work around easily (a repeatable game crash when driving through a particular intersection while on one mission).
    I had just built a new gaming pc the year prior and had no issues running it on launch, for a week straight lol. like 100 hours in that week iirc. didn't think it should have been released on older consoles, at least not at launch. would have stemmed a lot of blood.
    Nothing worse than a Bethesda RPG, my guy the entire police mechanic didn't even work
    My computer was midrange in 2016 and handled Cyberpunk mostly fine. Visual bugs were a bit jarring, and a lot of the criticisms rang true, but I didn't deal with any of the major performance issues or gamebreaking bugs (that's all a bit of a luck of the draw, though).
    This is it.  I never experienced any bugs that had a severe impact.  I've always liked it.  It may not be packed with random mini-games like a Rockstar open world but there are still plenty of things to find.  And I greatly prefer the mechanics of CP2077 over Rockstar mechanics.  As you said: Not everyone has the same experience.  Nor do we all like the same things.
    Pretty much no pc handled it fine in 4k with raytracing on since we were using the 2000 series nvidia cards.  Event he best of the best graphic cards couldn't put out enough fps to enjoy playing it.  With raytracing off that was a different story.  Cards and tech have come a long way since then and its much easier to play a game with raytracing.
Imagine the sort of games out there like Fallout New Vegas or Fallout 4. You walk to an area, get missions to do, many of which having different outcomes depending on your choices. It is enjoyable to play in different ways and if the story is compelling (not fo4 but nv applies here) you like to see how the changes you have made affected the outcome of the game. Only in those games, most of the choices are pretty black and white, and while they may affect the world, they don't actually affect you much. 

Now consider cyberpunk. Early on, there is a quest where you have to get a robot for a upcoming mission. However, this robot was purchased by your boss, but the guy he bought it from was removed in a coup and the new boss of that gang doesn't wish to uphold the deal. The 4 choices the game gives you are the following: use the help of a corpo faction in order to get the bot by destroying the gang base, destroy the gang base on your own, pay for it using your own money, pay for it using the corpo faction's money however the corpo finds out and attacks, and you can choose to help the gang and they give you your bot. 

Now normally you think, ok so it's a branching quest line, but same ending right? However way later on in the game, you encounter a character researching this gang, and have to get them out of the gang's night club. If you were enemies, or killed the last leader, they will allow you inside so they can enact revenge. However if you were chill, and resolved it in a good way, the current leader genuinely doesn't care as much and won't attack you. 

Cyberpunk has tons of moments like this. The plot is incredibly well written and characters are very compelling. It genuinely feels like you are changing the story, not just playing out different branches of the same story. Combat is enjoyable to me personally, though it will be even better with phantom liberty. Customizing my character meant a lot to me, and will be even better with phantom liberty. They plan on completely rebuilding the skill system, police system, combat AI has been completely rebuilt from the ground up. 

I am immensely excited for the game. And if you feel you wish to wait until 2.0 and try it then, go ahead! But I cannot guarantee you will enjoy it. Not everyone likes the same games. I outlined why I liked cyberpunk 2077, but I am someone who plays the game like it is crack. I am on playthrough 5 doing all side content. Other games I like, like Fallout 4, I have beaten 20 times, *literally*. One mans trash is often another man's treasure in gaming.
    That mission that you mention, it’s literally the only moment like that. The only other story changing moments are “did you do this quest line or not” and that’s about it. Coincidentally, that’s the mission they showed at E3, making the game seem far more open than it really is. Coming from the fallout angle is what made this game so disappointing for me. When I approached it as a linear story game and ignored the open world and choice aspects all together, that’s when I was able to enjoy the game for what it is., A very solid linear story with a tacked on open world.
        I was just about to say this, the mission they mention is like the demo mission they showed off pre-release, it's far more intricate and branching that basically any other mission in the game. If anything it's more frustrating that it's present because it shows that they were capable of doing this sort of thoughtful design but they just bottled it in he rush to get it out. For most of the rest of the game the main choice you'll have on a mission is whether or not to kill the mission character or not.
            It's almost like they made the first 2 hours of the game good so people wouldn't refund it on Steam once they realized the rest of the game's story missions are shallow.
                More like they made two hours of a good game and then got hit with impossible deadline after impossible deadline and the quality started to decline.
                    they were the ones that always said "when it's ready", and didn't they have over 4 years of dev time?
                        I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
                            i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
        There are several other decisions that affect other missions, like how Woodman will give you info if you tell him you did Jotaro in, or how you need to follow a certain path to get the secret ending.

A lot of people miss these subtle differences because they’re all written as if the path you take is the only path.
            In minor ways yes, but nothing nearly as branching or intricate as the drone mission. Mostly the decisions come down to “ I chose to kill/not kill one person, so this other person is more willing to cooperate.”but broad strokes each mission will end the same, it will just depend on if you need to shoot your way out or not. As for the secret ending, you just need to complete a certain characters side mission without completely antagonizing them, which is a bit more involved than complete the side mission but still nothing on the level of something like New Vegas. No choice you make in the game bar the ending have a significant impact on the world around you
                That’s very much the Cyberpunk theme though. You can’t beat the system.
        There are definitely other missions like that. If you send >!Jackie's body to Vik, you won't get to attend the funeral!<, which means you don't get to meet a character in one of the quest that would have let you breezed to the target you are supposed to assassinate.
            That’s certainly cool, but that’s another mission from the intro, which really had a lot more going on than the rest of the game IMO. It’s still a pretty binary choice, where the drone mission had far more than two possible outcomes. It’s pretty commonplace to have good and bad endings in games nowadays, but IMO Cyberpunk never came close to realizing the potential seen in its e3 trailer, I hope phantom liberty will though.
                There are other missions like it. If you don't care about spoilers, this site lists almost all missions where your choices have an effect on the outcome:

https://www.powerpyx.com/cyberpunk-2077-story-choices-guide/
    This mission's complexity and quality are an exception rather than the norm.

This explains why the game is OK, not great AND why some fans are disappointed to the point of anger, in that: we see how it COULD have been, but they didn't put in the time to make it that way.

I get it, it's probably a ton of work to make an interlocking web of mission trees. But that's what some were led to believe it would be.

I would be happy with just a working sandbox and better gameplay. If they fix driving, fighting, and the character progression I'll be good with it. If not, I won't be looking to get the DLC. I'll be waiting for some patches and reviews (by players) before I decide.
        C2077 is fine. I agree one major issue is that very few of the missions feel really good. People forget that a lot of TW3's missions were fairly linear too, but it feels like C2077's story missions are also mostly linear -- *with some excellent exceptions*.
    > Cyberpunk has tons of moments like this

Does it though? I feel like the Spiderbot questline is the only part of the game, where you have any actual impact on the story.
        Yeah I'm confused as hell by that point lol. I really enjoyed 2077 personally but it didn't have much reactivity to player choices at all. Even the background you choose for your characters make pretty much no difference.

There are definitely a lot of rpgs out there that have way more reactivity than 2077. I wouldn't recommend 2077 for someone that wants their choices to matter.
            How many times you played the game? Because, unlike Mass Effect or many other choice-consequence games, this one does not shove the "look, this action changed the game in x, y, and z ways."

You either need to replay it choosing to do different things each time or watch videos on YouTube, which most people don't bother doing.


---- Potential spoilers ahead ----




For example if you don't send Jackie to mama Welles, you will skip an ENTIRE SEGMENT of the game where a lot more is shown about his personality and difficult relationship between mama Welles and his girlfriend, Misty. You skip talking to people who knew him so well and skip the entire funeral celebrating his like. You can also meet him much later in the game after his death through Mikoshi - I did and I was surprised so many people didn't know about that.
                Played it three times.  I'm not saying there is no reactivity at all, just that it's not really that much and not something I would really consider a selling point for the game.  The overall story and events of the game are going to be largely the same no matter what.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by various cRPGs that I've played, lol.
        The main heist is another one - it has a few choices, notably the one concerning Jackie, that affect the game much more. Or the quest where you get attacked in the motel: this one only has one meaningful choice - to save or not to save, but that will change the most.

There are many other, less noticeable examples. Including side quests.
    it’s worth noting (and i’ve seen several other people repeat this same sentiment), that i had to  start this game like literally 5 times before it clicked for me, but i kept seeing people rave about how great the game was and it kept encouraging me to give it another shot. once it clicked however, it CLICKED, and i couldnt put it down. now it’s probably one of if not my favorite games that’s come out in the past 5 years. 

i ended up doing pretty much everything there is to do in the base game (in one play through). really excited for phantom liberty
        People did you a dis service by comparing this to fallout 76
    I don't think you can compare those games.

My friend can play Cyberpunk and Witcher to death, but I can't. However, I can play Fallout and Elder Scrolls to death, but he can't. He likes his story driven games, I however like my freedom to just roam around and do what I want.

He wants games that are more linear, I want games that are more open. They're different given the context.
    You know, I sometimes envy people like you who can get hundreds of hours out of a singleplayer title.
        The way I put it is that it's like soul food, comfort food. Sure you can try something exotic, get amazed, or experience something truly spectacular. But when I get home from work, sometimes I just want to wind down, relax to music or a podcast/YouTube documentary, and just lightly stimulate my brain by getting through some side quests, or just exploring a world. it's how I got over a thousand hours on fallout 4 on PC alone, with tons more on console.
            Tbh, I did log 650hrs in MSFS since October (taking a break now). But when it comes to story driven singleplayer games I find it hard to stay engaged for that long - certainly not thousands of hours. I'll usually complete the story, do a few side quests along the way, and then I'm done.
        I put hundreds of hours into Resident Evil 2 and this game is really straightforwad, you don't make any choices at all, you just let the story play out. But I wanted to have faster times and that took me most of the time. It was genuinely fun to do even if I played it so many times already. Coming up with my own strategies for playing faster was really fun. I eventually 100% the game so bonus content took me some time to finish too.
    I’m honestly glad they’re doing everything you said, but isn’t that what led to this fiasco in the first place? All they’re doing now is promising to deliver on what they first promised and failed to deliver except it’s in a DLC. Why do you think this will be different?
    ah yes, mention the mission that is the only one in the game where your choice actually matter
I loved the game. Great atmosphere and game play.
Yep, it was definitely because it was my niche. I've been a major Blade Runner fan when the movie first came out. I have purchased every version/format of the movie to this day. I've played various cyber punk style games over the years. Read a lot of cyber punk style fiction.

I never followed the hype on Cyberpunk 2077. I knew I'd play it, and when I did I have to say I really enjoyed it.

I guess some of the reasons I liked it were:

Driving, I do driving simulators from time to time, but this is an RPG, so I didn't care about how the driving felt. I wanted flying cars anyway.

Combat, I love some early CoD and Battlefield. However, again CP77 is an RPG, so I didn't expect that kind of combat.

Fortunately I played on PC and have a good gaming rig, so I didn't run into many of the performance issues many complained of in the early days.

So bottom line, its a matter of taste. Like shoes and hair styles. However, I'm, bald, so I got one style.
I got the game after the 1.5 patch on the PS5. Yes there were still promises not in the game but I played it to completion and had a great time. I recall one questline bugged out and I was unable to finish it (the taxi ones) but overall my experience and enjoyment was quite positive.
I started it when it first came out. Gave up. 

Started it again a few months ago and finished it and just sat there for a bit in silence going “wow”.  

I’m very much a casual gamer but damn, I finished it and thought this is how storytelling could be done more often. Just loved it, haven’t enjoyed any game as much in I guess 30 years….

🤷‍♂️
It seems like you are trying to be an asshole but I’ll leave my thoughts anyway. 

- the story is amazing, both the personal story of V as well as his interactions with many of the main characters you meet along the way (Panam, Judy, takemura, Jackie, etc) side quests were also mostly excellent 

- it’s also very thematic and an amazing representation of cyberpunk as a genre

- the world is beautiful and Night city is one of the coolest locations in any game. Yes it’s “dead” in the sense that if you try to GTA style shoot it up the civilian and police reactions suck, but walking around the city from mission to mission is atmospheric, beautiful, and engaging imo. 

-combat wasn’t ingenious or anything but it was fun, guns felt cool and good to me, cyberware augmented combat well and hacks were cool once upgraded (eg the mind virus stuff) 


Yes it’s buggy and they underdelivered but it’s objectively at least a good game. Seems like you’re being contrarian just for the sake of it.
    Someone finally leaves a detailed comment on why they love the game and get downvoted for it lol. This thread is is full of bad faith posturing from "spurned lovers".
        I’d bet a good portion of them haven’t played it. But the question is fundamentally dumb: most things I dislike I can recognize why people would or do like. If you can’t it’s your issue not theirs
    No idea what made you think I'm just being an asshole, but you reiterated everything I said
"Great story and graphics and art design, bad AI and combat"
        The combat isn’t bad tho, but even if it is, then it’s fairly obvious why people think the game is good. Aka, your question is stupid and seems to be in bad faith.
Certainly not empty and like half the city isn't there. Idk if you've got the npc density lowered or something but the city is completely packed if you have it maxed out. 

Things like AI aren't perfect, but that isn't exactly out of the ordinary for the genre. I wouldn't say it's one of the best games ever made, but I certainly consider it one of the best immersive sims ever made.
Well, for me it’s tied with Skyrim for my favorite game. (In all fairness, I got this on my One X about a week after launch and loved it despite its bugs.)

The colors, the story line, kick it on with some RTX on ultra settings and it nearly brings a tear to my eye. Keanu Reeves does such an Amazing job of playing Johnny Silverhand, you can feel the emotion when he’s angry or hurting or sad. Seeing how he turns from an asshole to someone who actually cares for V is truly fantastic and the endings are insanely emotional. All around good story telling. 

How much time have you put into the game?
    I have 40 hours in the game
>Maybe when you get older you'll be able to form relevant and cohesive opinions yourself.

Kind of a funny thing to say when the OP's post is the most generic opinion that screams "random redditor No 263828" with the most generic and objectively wrong criticisms possible.
I think the main issue is the length of it. People expected another epic long story like The Witcher. 

I think here the players shot themselves in the foot a bit. With The Witcher 3 people were very happy to say: "I did not finish the game lol, too busy playing Gwent" and the devs kind of took notice eventually. So they made the deliberate decision of making the main story shorter and focus more on the side content.

Also I seem to be the only one that actually really enjoys the combat. It's fast, very active, cool... sure the AI is not smart but please show me a single RPG (or game in general) with good AI that is not FEAR.
Yep

I did enjoy the combat. I love games where I can basically break it and once I got contagion and spread I could wreck just about any place. And then come in guns a blazing and kicking ass
I played on PS4 Pro at launch and had a blast. Ended up getting it for PC for the mods.

I tend to not follow media very closely before launch because I don't like to spoil myself, something that screwed me with the Hobbit but has treated me well with games.
Same here. I only encountered one or two broken missions that eventually got patched. The story just breaks you. Just stared at the credits as they rolled for a minute processing the ending. 

I feel like the people that complain about cyberpunk are just complaining about some mechanics and are probably not reading every shard and skipping all the cutscenes.
I doubt Starfield will flop but I do expect a 4hr long bug compilation
    I’m sure it won’t flop because it’ll be a Bethesda game and people generally like those, game breaking bugs or not.
        It will be a solid but somewhat unpolished game and I think people already know that going in. Bethesda isn’t really making any big promises and seem to be pretty honest about what is and isn’t in the game. People don’t really understand that 76 was a unique thing because of a series of issues that Bethesda has more then likely fixed. they have overhauled their engine, starfield is being developed by the primary dev team who have more experience with the engine, and it’s a single player game which is what the engine was made for.
Neither No Man's Sky nor Cyberpunk 2077 were flops on release, though. Highly doubt Starfield will flop either. It's one of the most anticipated games and, you know, it's Bethesda. Their games tend to sell an absolute shitload. Even Fallout 76 managed to get an active userbase of 13.5 million people.
    Flop was probably the wrong word. A major disappointment might have been a better way to say it.
You think EA would have gotten the same response if they'd overpromised and under-delivered in the same way?  That one comment is still the most downvoted in reddit history and it's about microtransactions in what was still a largely good, functional and feature complete game.
    Nah, EA has literal corpses of dead and beloved studios under their feet. Their reputation is their own making. CDPR was riding the tailcoat of Witcher 3 and why the hype was overblown.
Whiny shareholders and greedy CEOs.
The game was rushed and poorly thought out. And yes, generic systems with little lore immersion.
    Thank you for the validation.
Ever heard of Eurojank?
My bad. Really hoping I don't end up on r/iamverysmart, haha
You didn’t like outer worlds? I thought it was quirky and fun, if short
You can’t judge Obsidian on Outer Worlds alone. They made New Vegas, arguably the best first person rpg ever. They also made Deadfire, which is one of the best (and most under-appreciated) isometric RPGs ever. 

Outer Worlds suffered from being a quite small game with a small team and budget that got blown out of proportion hype-wise because of the New Vegas-vibe creating unrealistic expectations. 

They weren’t expecting the huge interest it would get and it was a surprise hit for them (in terms of sales) as a result. I was hyped but as we all know the game was shallow and repetitive, despite some cool ideas. 

It was made was right in the beginning of the new dawn of RPGs, which have gone from being kind of on the way out (Skyrim and Fallout 4 aside) in favour of looter shooters to being the hottest thing in the industry (BG3, Cyberpunk and so on). At that time, the bar was set much lower for non-Bethesda RPGs. 

We’re now in a world where computer RPGs are bigger than ever and there’s a new Outer Worlds coming. I think that one will be what decides if modern-day obsidian can make a first person action rpg or not, because they know what the bar is now.
It used to be *even more busted*!?
    Not sure if you can still do this but you used to be able to hack pinged targets through walls, so you could just ping a camera then quickhack a target and kill a whole base from 3 blocks away without ever even seeing an enemy.
        Sounds fun honestly, why nerf this? It's a single player open world game wjo cares about game balance. Have some busted shit in there.
            Dude fucking exactly. Balance is kind of the enemy of fun. There should be some really broken ways of annihilating things. It’s not like this is going to affect anyone else in any way, why not let people see what kind of crazy shit they can do in a cybernetic world?

Edit: I should mention I’ve put a couple hundred hours into Cyberpunk and the hacking is a lot of fun. For people worried that it would discourage other gameplay types, it doesn’t really. I personally like to do a hybrid of hacking and being able to use firearms. Switch it up when the mood strikes because combat isn’t really all that difficult to begin with.
                Yeah, my first char was exclusively a hacker. Sure you can kill everything with essentially zero risk, but the tradeoff is that it's fairly slow and methodical. My 2nd char was a melee sword user and you can annihilate everything in seconds and have bullet-time up whenever you need it just by dashing.

This whole game is *supposed* to be a power fantasy. You go from a week nobody to a badass who can destroy a battalion of max-tacs in the blink of an eye. Being overpowered is the reward you get for building up your character.
                    I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
        That's pretty much how I remember playing a Netrunner in the TTRPG.
        IDK if that’s still a thing, but being able to hack through cameras is absurd.
    Yep lol.
Why cause you don't like that JK made your feelings hurt lol? I don't agree with your political beliefs, I agree with JK beliefs way more, why tf would I not support it. Most people actually do believe like JK Rowling, it's just that they get harassed if they say it.
Those poor marginalized internet trolls needed all the support they could get once the two biggest enemies of the western world found themselves engaged in unpopular military conflicts.


Won't someone think of the bullies for a change? Get back on your knees and be a good ally!
I got banned from there for saying that I thought they were taking it too far with the bullying of content creators and dint want to associate with that behaviour.

I was part of the boycott but that almost made me buy the game out of spite. Communities like r/gamingcirclejerk really harmed the credibility of that movement in my opinion.
    I'm glad to see that sub dying. It went from making fun of lazy posts in r/gaming to a political shitshow akin to twitter.
        Mods were banning people who weren't toeing the line.

Shows you the power of mods to shape or turn a community.

And of course admins have even more power than that.

Does make you wonder about the direction of things with the changes coming to reddit's systems. People hate mods but they haven't really seen what bad mods can do.
    Yeah fuck GCJ, when I joined a couple years back they where just an LGBT- and women-friendly gaming sub with spicy memes but also where I could have cool discussions about games. It's so sad to see what it turned into.
        Exactly! It was almost a haven from all the toxicity in some other gaming communities, then it just devolved to a mess of its own.
    It used to be a great safe space that also made fun of the cringey part of gamer culture and it's largely a hate sub now. Sad to see, and the mods only encouraged it.
Oh no, poor JK Rowling!
It's just turned into those awful subs where you get banned for posting anything not 100% correct with the hive mind (or mod's private opinion).
You really think a Harry Potter game needed some minor controversy to become known?
    That common take is so bad I can't help but laugh when I see yet.  Do people actually think that the vast majority of sales of Harry Potter even knew about gaming circle jerk?  It was always going to be successful, it's fucking Harry Potter.
    I can only speak for myself, but if there wasn't a massive outrage I would probably never seen gameplay footage, and wanted to play the game.

But yeah I get your point.
        Sorry but no. I had female non-gamer friends (big Harry Potter fans) who bought a freaking PS5 just to play Hogwarts Legacy. It was always going to be big, controversial or not.
Yeah I didn’t even realize the game was a thing until the boycott lol, then I looked into it and thought the graphics looked good and seemed like an entertaining game. I never bought it because I’m not a Harry Potter fan (nothing political, just never got into it) but I never would’ve even paid attention to it if not for everyone talking about the boycott for months
"50 terminally online twitter users" aren't exactly a big free publicity, if anything most people that weren't online didn't even know there was a boycott of that game happening. In this sense, internet can really warp the perception of scale and interest for a certain thing/movement.

There's a valid point in calling out JK Rowling bigoted statements and behaviours against trans people. It was sad to see harassment targeted  towards content creators who wanted to raise funds to LGBT charities playing the game.
    
50 terminally online Twitter users is way off. Literally in every progressive space online and in every social network I’m in, people were having discussions about it.

But the important part is the impressions. Here’s some numbers:
In YouTube:
Video on it by kuncan dastner, 300k views.
Video by mutahar on the boycott, 550k views.
Video on it by pyrocynical, 550k views.
Video on it by The Act Man, 900k views.
Video on it by Film Champ, 1.2M views.
Videos by council of geeks, 500k+ views.
Video by Asmongold regarding the boycott, 1.1M views.
Video by HasanAbi about the boycott, 370k views.

A bunch of tiktoks from various creators regarding the boycott with over a million views each.

Articles about the boycott in LA Times, Forbes, The Guardian, Game Rant, Dextero, and many more.

That’s just part of it. If you don’t consider that free publicity, you must severely underestimate the value of online marketing when it comes to actually selling things.

And yes it was terrible they took to Twitch to harrass people for playing it and even convinced HasanAbi to NOT do a fundraiser about it. It was a bunch of massive Ls one after the other.
The source of the outrage is irrelevant. It can be technical, as with CP2077, or moral, as with Hogwarts. The principle is the same: online outrage is a poor barometer for the feelings of the general population.
You can still play it without paying her if you like Harry Potter universe but not its creator ;-)
The subreddits are positive. Stay off of the discords tho, I learned the hard way. All of the unironic "git gud scrub" type players are there in full force.
Bruh the amount of game breaking bugs i had on release is just unjustifiable. "For the machines that could run it" the whole 3 of them?
    My mid-range computer ran it okay. Obviously not on full details. 

I had some bugs, but none of them were game breaking. Worst one I had, I had to load a save before start of a mission.
I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land. The reaction to this game is incredible.

The story, the quests, the 'meat' of a good RPG was all there (and on the same quality as the Witcher) just marred by technical issues, and the hate mob was such that they started criticizing the game on precisely the things it did well for no reason?

The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects. It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid and people then retroactively have to convince themselves their work was actually trash all along.

Truly a stupid online hate mob.
    > I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land

"Everyone who doesn't have the same experience and tastes as me is stupid."

>The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects

Boing down the fact that the game was _literally broken_ for a significant percentage of the audience to "one aspect" is certainly a take. Particularly for someone really, really quick to call everyone else stupid.

>It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid

Ah no dude, it's like someone releasing a movie that just cuts off around a third of the way through for an awful lot of people and refuses to show you any more of it.
        I'll summarize my post because apparently it wasn't understood:

The entire game outside of technical issues was at least the same quality as the Witcher 3.

Because it had technical issues people started complaining about all other aspects of the game (story, quests, combat, skills) as if they were bad too because they were mad at it.

This is not a rational attitude and I'm calling it stupid. Your response to my post did not address it so I could extend that adjective to you as well.
CDPR's whole campaign about how "we leave greed to others" was cringe then and _ultra_ cringe now, but it's all disappeared down the memory hole because, like you said, these guys are incredibly good at marketing.
    Any people have incredibly short memories. There's also a shortage of good "next gen" games out there, so people are willing to overlook even the most egregious missteps in order to play some games. Probably a lot of people justifying their expensive GPU purchases as well
    I mean... they clearly do have a different approach. They still want money but they also have GOG and champion DRM free gaming.
Or what the Clone Wars did to the Prequel trilogy
    > the Prequel trilogy

I think that's just children with nostalgia coming of age.
    I have a very good friend who insists that the Clone Wars is really, really good Star Wars and redeems the prequels. He is a very good friend, so I'll just agree that Duel of the Fates is cool as fuck and there are fun moments in Episode 3.
        I'll back him up and say that the biggest gripe I had with the prequels is that there wasn't enough time for character development in between the set pieces.

TCW series fixes a lot of that, building the emotional depth that *should* have been there for "you were my *brother* , Anakin"
Does the anime spoil any of the game? I need to dive back into the game, so I’m curious if it’s worth watching the anime prior to revisiting the game.
    I don't think the plots overlap. They capture the same dystopian near-future feel within the same setting.
    Same city. Different players. Set about a little less than a year apart. 

>!The anime doesn't amount to more than a few footnotes in the game. Likewise, I don't think the game amounts to much more than a footnote in the Night City universe.!<
    I can definitively say no. My girlfriend showed me the anime, she's a massive cyberpunk nerd and has played the game several times over. While we watched she told me about all the cool little bits to do with the game since I had no intention of playing it and wanted to hear her thoughts (I like listening to her rambles it's really cute). They are all one-way references, where it's a cool tie in to the game if you've played it, and not spoilery at all if you haven't.
    Pretty sure the anime is an unrelated prequel.
Check Out the Steam reviews Graph. Its insane that it got 300k positive reviews on Launch
'Far Cry: Cyberpunk edition'... yeah, that about nails it. Still fun.
It's a good game, it's not the game they advertised and they deserve to get flak for that.

It was also unplayable on console on release which has improved in the years since which is also fine to be mad about.

You can be mad if you were falsely advertised to and sold a broken game **but** I doubt anyone could be this many years in so a lot of people have discovered a pretty good game that ties into their new favourite anime to play on their ps5 with nothing much else on it besides elden ring.
    No Man's Sky didn't deliver on what they advertised when it came out. They got a lot of flak for it. It was unplayable on consoles on release.

But the devs kept at it. They fixed bugs. Added features that were promised at the onset, then added more on top of that.

Nowadays, the game is nothing like what initially came out. It's better than what they initially promised. So should people continue to be mad about it?
        "it's better than what they initially promised"

Meanwhile CP2077 is still only around half the game that was promised. Currently it's not a bad game but it's still far from anything special.
            I'm asking with sincerity: What did they not deliver on? I did not really follow the pre-launch hype.
                Not op, but i think you hold openworld games to a certain standard that is missing in cyberpunk.

You cant shoot in a car, cops spawn behind you, no car customization, an origins system that did jack shit. 

Also, the mission where you rescue someone at the start?[Destructible environment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/slzlki/destruction_in_this_place_very_satisfying_shame/) that is very limited in the rest of the game.

It felt soulless tbh. I stopped at 20 hours and would probably come back when the expansion is released. I do still check and read the big patches that come out.

Cyberpunk seems like a game up my alley but it wasnt anything special when i played it. Im hoping the expansion and 2.0 update changes that.

These days, when im tempted to give cyberpunk another go, i just think to myself that i shouldnt hold it to other openworld sandbox's standard, you know?
                    So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
                        [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
                        Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
        NMS has been making massive updates for years. All for free.

CDPR made some major bug fixes, threw in some jackets and called it a day. Now they're asking for more money.  
They released early because they got greedy (maximise sales during the generational shift). They barely fixed the issues in the game (just the majority of bugs) and now they're selling a DLC because they got greedy.

It's only silly *not* to call them out on it.
        I upvoted you, to hopefully garner some good faith, but I'm going to disagree ever so slightly with you also. 

I believe there is still a legitimate source of anger with respect to this saga, and not just for CDPR either - all of the game companies do this now. They rush a bug-filled mess, give their mea culpas, and eventually deliver on a playable game that may or may not be what the pre-launch advertisements claimed that it would be. It is proper to be mad about this, and proper to keep that anger alive within the community, because companies shouldn't be permitted to continually get away with this. 

I like CDPR, I think they're better than at least some other companies. I dislike what they did here and I don't want them doing it again. I do not believe they deserve any credit for fixing a broken game. I will give them unreserved credit if their next game releases in accord with their pre-launch promises and not in a bug-filled mess.
        NMS actually kept improving and adding content all for free. CP77 barely added any new content and now wants people to pay more for an already unfinished story game
    Everyone knows it was broken at launch. Everyone. Nobody has forgotten.

However, it seems they've made a solid effort to make the game playable and the new expansion seems good. The writing in a lot of places is excellent and the gameplay is fresh, though no, it's still not a fully living and breathing cyberpunk GTA.
        >The writing in a lot of places is excellent

It sounds like you really want to like it.
            I played on release and everyone agreed that the writing (especially the sidequests. Man some of them are amazing) was not the bad part. Almost everything else was.
You’re exactly right. The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing. The anime series made me want to replay it and I’m actually looking forward to Phantom Liberty. The game is far from perfect but it’s fun and that’s what gaming is about.
    > The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing.

But surely you understand why people aren't too keen on it and why it's weird that people are calling it one of the best games of all time?

Hell, your own description was "a fun game that I enjoyed finishing" which is fine but it's not exactly the description of a masterpiece, is it?
        We’ll that’s a step too far imo. It’s fun but who am I to say if it is or isn’t  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
It's an ok game at best.
> it was without any problems on PC

For you apparently.  
I've many mates who had massive issues with it on PC.
Yeah that's kind of the problem, though. "Pretty solid", "runs decently", "less buggy than before", "might be worth a replay" - these are not phrases I would use for a game that people are saying is the Best Game Ever.

Number scores are meaningless but I'd assume a 6/10 or 7/10 from those phrases, and those are the kinds of phrases I see pretty often.
    Yea I'd give it a seven. Which is pretty good for games these days. Only game I've played in recent times that's blown me away from triple a developers was like elden ring... and even that had some shitty aspects with boss quality even more agregious that ds2.

Cyberpunks story is really where it shines imo. After a couple playthroughs things make more sense and you gain a different perspective. It's decently well written
What the games does really well are visuals and level design. It’s actually quite a lot of fun going around the city and figuring out how you can get from point X to Y with nothing but the game’s standard jumping and climbing mechanics. Everything else is serviceable but very mid.

I can’t get over the opening cutscene. It was 100% supposed to be playable. The way characters get introduced and the fact that you end up face to face with a fixer who later acts like they’re meeting you for the first time are dead giveaways. The narrative design also suffers extremely for it because all the sidequests revolve around you building up your legacy, which should have led up to the Dexter DeShawn introduction. Instead your first mission is this top level job from a prominent fixer and then you spend the rest of the game trying to figure out how to stop your brain from being taken over by a resurrection chip.

I’ve allowed my disbelief to be suspended before in games like Skyrim where world level threats are looming and yet you just have to help this one dude cross the street for 5 wheat bushels, but the fact that you’re constantly reminded of how fucked up your brain is when the screen glitches out every few days makes it almost impossible to really immerse myself in all these different areas of the story outside of the main quest.

And of course there’s the obvious fact that lifepaths do jack shit and the amount of narrative control you have pales even in comparison to CDPR’s previous titles.
    Man, let me pay you a virtual beer.  
I'm so tiered of reading brainless people saying CB2077 is great **Role**PG with an amazing scenario and characters when the whole story is a mess of which the most interesting part has been turned into a 2 minutes cutscene so they could focus on bringing Keanu Reeves to do some marketing.
>sions are boring get from A to B quests, there‘s no emergent gameplay in the open world… at least that was my impression from the time I spent with it.

Can you give an example of a game that gives you all those things, in a way CP2077 didnt?
I grew up in the era of Peter Molyneux, I learnt early on not to trust marketing
All the game overhauls it brings are comming with a free update.  The $35 is for the new story.  It's up to you.  Ya I don't know if it's worth it.  It better be a very long story cause thats almost what a new game would cost.
    Word is it's a 30-hr campaign so it may even out?
that's not an advertisement for the game... that was a standalone project....
    It literally is an ad.  
It’s also a decent anime. 

It can be both.
It hasn't been released yet but they talked about some of the stuff that will be overhauled which quite a lot. I think they will released it in 3 months lol

https://www.gamesradar.com/cyberpunk-2077-phantom-liberty-offers-such-sweeping-changes-its-being-hailed-as-cyberpunk-20/
    Damn they’re really hyping it up. I might actually buy it just to feel that second play through in a 2.0 mode.
        Yeah I'm still on my first playthrough, just a couple of hours in but this makes me consider holding out continuing until the patch is released.
            If I was you, I would hold off. I think I tried playing right around the 1.5 patch, but there was still work to be done. I played a little later and it was fine. I’m gonna hold off too
                Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
                Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
I don’t mind a skill tree tbh, cyberware has never been the ONLY way to improve your character, after all, but I would have much preferred it if it was just the skill list from previous games, where you can pour your IP into  your characters skills to improve them, but then they ditched most of the RPG elements at the last second to swap it to an action adventure game, so there’s no rolls for anything, there’s not stealth rolls, deception rolls, human perception rolls, etc, so putting points into improving your human perception wouldn’t mean anything anymore.



And then they gave this jank ass version of a skill tree


I will say I’m interested to see how it improves from here tho, since they are reworking the whole skill tree when the dlc drops.
That goes for most games these days to be honest. So many terrible launches that only manage to retain die-hard fans of the franchise or developer. Most AAA games are living off the hardcore players that no-life them and not by attracting new players.
Outside of the obvious issues on consoles, the launch was amazingly smooth for Cyberpunk on PC. I played through the whole game before I even knew there were major issues with it. And I only knew there were major issues because Reddit was blowing up complaining about console performance and a bunch of features working as described by CDPR's marketing team and not like they thought it would based on their head canon.
    The delusion of the fanboy.

Sure, you didn't have problems so no one had problems.

It wasn't the devs / publishers fault, it was the customers fault for believing them.
        i didn't either... and maybe if you werent living in a world of denial you might accept the many people who had a fine experience....
        I'm not going to say there were no issues, but I also had a great experience on launch on PC.
My issue with D4 is that the quantity is not quality. They have a lot of stuff but most of it is trash. I see how it's fun, but compared to even D3, it's overly grindy in the wrong ways. It's like they learned nothing from their previous games.
yeah, i actually enjoyed d4 quite a bit and i was very very skeptical going in. 

finished campaign and got through level 50 on my first toon and i’m overall satisfied (i’ve never had the desire to grind endgame in ARPGs). i’m the exact kind of casual ARPG/diablo dad gamer that the d4 sub complains about lmfao. 

i can tell once seasons are rolling that it’s gonna be the perfect game for me to come back to for a couple weeks every year, and that’s all i need it to be.
Agree. I've been playing it non-stop (when I have time, which isn't often) and having a blast. It's also one of the few AAA games I've bought that isn't a bug fest, and the servers have been almost rock solid for me.

I have heard that past lvl 70ish the content sort of dries up, but I think that will be resolved in seasonal updates.
Really love Grim Dawn and would like to see another.
I'd play Fallout 4 vanilla any day every day over stuff like Cyberpunk 2077, it's not even funny. 

Say what you will about Bethesda but the way all their systems and game designs are developed and interconnected makes for a really dense experience. 

It's kinda weird to say that about Bethesda, but I feel like CP77 is more beautiful on the surface but really shallow, whereas Fallout 4 is ugly and unappealing on the surface but once you do actually scratch under the surface there's *a lot* under the hood. Like how for example the dialogue is really bare bone compared to other RPGs, but then you look at all the different ways the world and NPCs can react to you, what you're wearing, what you're equipped with, what you did, in what order, with who you are, and suddenly it feels really impressive as an RPG - it's just one that reacts to your action instead of your dialogue. 

Anyway, Bethesda without mods are the whole cheesecake, it just so happens that mods are a whole other bakery too.
A reviewer said the game could cause epilepsy seizures (she suffered from it) but otherwise gave it praise and some people sent her seizure inducing videos. Some people are just dicks.
    yep, but those people genuinely believe she was insulting cyberpunk by saying that. those people are just dicks, but they're dicks that are extremely common, especially when it comes to a game people decided pre-release was gonna be the greatest video game to ever release. it didn't even matter to them that she liked the game, all that matter to them was that she said anything that could be perceived as "hurting the hype"
        Be careful of thinking things are common, just because its really easy to be a loud jerk online with a host of modern harassment tools at their fingertips. It only takes a few these days to be far reaching and cause problems for people.
That sounds more as an excuse than a real reason. The reviewers' job is to provide a relatively objective review (with a bit of personality, yes, but that should not alter the evaluation itself). Death threats are unacceptable and should be reported, but they should not be even part of the calculation. Otherwise, they (and the company they are associated with) will rapidly lose credibility and, with it, their source of income.
    except it's a sad reality that it will actively affect how a review might be scored. this is absolutely a real fucking reason. hell, as another comment said, even just pointing out you might get a seizure from the game was enough to receive death threats. the pre-release of cyberpunk was on a different fucking level to any other game and the fear of harassment can easily affect a lot of people scoring.

&#x200B;

it will be the same with gta 6. a lot of people will be terrified of saying anything negative because a lot of gamers are fucking losers that think harassment is a valid response to criticism towards a game they didn't even play yet. hype can absolutely cloud people's judgement and anyone who says anything going against the hype train will suffer badly and it's definitely affecting people in the games criticism industry
I agree there. Witcher 3 was a fairly static world that gave the impression of being dynamic on a first playthrough by using what you described. I do think it overused the "found the convenient note leading to a tresure 50 feet away" encounter, but at least it had some variations on that. 

Here they just seem to run out of time to script stuff and just used the same framework to populate the world with "content". What's more baffling is that, if you use a mod called "Missing Persons - Fixer's Hidden Gem", which tracks easter eggs in the game, you'll see that at least a couple of those have some minor follow-ups if you return later - but there's absolutely no reason to do it and the game doesn't in any way nudge you to go back to NCPD scanner areas you already did.
Project Ego. 

Little did we know that Peter Molyneux was talking about himself not the game
Today was a disappointing day for Metroid fans.
I'll pre-order about 3.
This sub is discussion focused, it's an implied question built on their disagreement with the premise laid out in the title. While they didnt verbatim say the words "what do people see in this game," they did ask how people can say it's good while laying out the reasons they think it is bad.

I do agree that OP is being hyperbolic about people who think the game is good, though.
Motorcycles are the only way to go.
    I also preferred motorcycles but even those seemed terrible.  I don't know, it really pushed me to just finish the game and not enjoy it as much
Driving on motorcycles in third person is not as bad, but driving still isn't great.  I loved the game overall though.  Great story and characters.  Especially Kerry Eurodyne.
    With the recent advances in driving in video games just reminds me of the jump to GTA4 where the cars felt like they actually had weight and the driving was a bit more reasonable.  This seems like a jump in the opposite direction  especially when this is supposed to be a highly advanced society with cybernetic implants...
The biggest issue is that there isnt a way to cap the max speed. Trying to keep a car at 60mph is hard but they become perfectly drivable. While others like type 66 and coyote are great fun to drive at high speed.
I played on Series X at release and had a very good experience. Only one real bug that I was able to work around easily (a repeatable game crash when driving through a particular intersection while on one mission).
I had just built a new gaming pc the year prior and had no issues running it on launch, for a week straight lol. like 100 hours in that week iirc. didn't think it should have been released on older consoles, at least not at launch. would have stemmed a lot of blood.
Nothing worse than a Bethesda RPG, my guy the entire police mechanic didn't even work
My computer was midrange in 2016 and handled Cyberpunk mostly fine. Visual bugs were a bit jarring, and a lot of the criticisms rang true, but I didn't deal with any of the major performance issues or gamebreaking bugs (that's all a bit of a luck of the draw, though).
This is it.  I never experienced any bugs that had a severe impact.  I've always liked it.  It may not be packed with random mini-games like a Rockstar open world but there are still plenty of things to find.  And I greatly prefer the mechanics of CP2077 over Rockstar mechanics.  As you said: Not everyone has the same experience.  Nor do we all like the same things.
Pretty much no pc handled it fine in 4k with raytracing on since we were using the 2000 series nvidia cards.  Event he best of the best graphic cards couldn't put out enough fps to enjoy playing it.  With raytracing off that was a different story.  Cards and tech have come a long way since then and its much easier to play a game with raytracing.
That mission that you mention, it’s literally the only moment like that. The only other story changing moments are “did you do this quest line or not” and that’s about it. Coincidentally, that’s the mission they showed at E3, making the game seem far more open than it really is. Coming from the fallout angle is what made this game so disappointing for me. When I approached it as a linear story game and ignored the open world and choice aspects all together, that’s when I was able to enjoy the game for what it is., A very solid linear story with a tacked on open world.
    I was just about to say this, the mission they mention is like the demo mission they showed off pre-release, it's far more intricate and branching that basically any other mission in the game. If anything it's more frustrating that it's present because it shows that they were capable of doing this sort of thoughtful design but they just bottled it in he rush to get it out. For most of the rest of the game the main choice you'll have on a mission is whether or not to kill the mission character or not.
        It's almost like they made the first 2 hours of the game good so people wouldn't refund it on Steam once they realized the rest of the game's story missions are shallow.
            More like they made two hours of a good game and then got hit with impossible deadline after impossible deadline and the quality started to decline.
                they were the ones that always said "when it's ready", and didn't they have over 4 years of dev time?
                    I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
                        i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
    There are several other decisions that affect other missions, like how Woodman will give you info if you tell him you did Jotaro in, or how you need to follow a certain path to get the secret ending.

A lot of people miss these subtle differences because they’re all written as if the path you take is the only path.
        In minor ways yes, but nothing nearly as branching or intricate as the drone mission. Mostly the decisions come down to “ I chose to kill/not kill one person, so this other person is more willing to cooperate.”but broad strokes each mission will end the same, it will just depend on if you need to shoot your way out or not. As for the secret ending, you just need to complete a certain characters side mission without completely antagonizing them, which is a bit more involved than complete the side mission but still nothing on the level of something like New Vegas. No choice you make in the game bar the ending have a significant impact on the world around you
            That’s very much the Cyberpunk theme though. You can’t beat the system.
    There are definitely other missions like that. If you send >!Jackie's body to Vik, you won't get to attend the funeral!<, which means you don't get to meet a character in one of the quest that would have let you breezed to the target you are supposed to assassinate.
        That’s certainly cool, but that’s another mission from the intro, which really had a lot more going on than the rest of the game IMO. It’s still a pretty binary choice, where the drone mission had far more than two possible outcomes. It’s pretty commonplace to have good and bad endings in games nowadays, but IMO Cyberpunk never came close to realizing the potential seen in its e3 trailer, I hope phantom liberty will though.
            There are other missions like it. If you don't care about spoilers, this site lists almost all missions where your choices have an effect on the outcome:

https://www.powerpyx.com/cyberpunk-2077-story-choices-guide/
This mission's complexity and quality are an exception rather than the norm.

This explains why the game is OK, not great AND why some fans are disappointed to the point of anger, in that: we see how it COULD have been, but they didn't put in the time to make it that way.

I get it, it's probably a ton of work to make an interlocking web of mission trees. But that's what some were led to believe it would be.

I would be happy with just a working sandbox and better gameplay. If they fix driving, fighting, and the character progression I'll be good with it. If not, I won't be looking to get the DLC. I'll be waiting for some patches and reviews (by players) before I decide.
    C2077 is fine. I agree one major issue is that very few of the missions feel really good. People forget that a lot of TW3's missions were fairly linear too, but it feels like C2077's story missions are also mostly linear -- *with some excellent exceptions*.
> Cyberpunk has tons of moments like this

Does it though? I feel like the Spiderbot questline is the only part of the game, where you have any actual impact on the story.
    Yeah I'm confused as hell by that point lol. I really enjoyed 2077 personally but it didn't have much reactivity to player choices at all. Even the background you choose for your characters make pretty much no difference.

There are definitely a lot of rpgs out there that have way more reactivity than 2077. I wouldn't recommend 2077 for someone that wants their choices to matter.
        How many times you played the game? Because, unlike Mass Effect or many other choice-consequence games, this one does not shove the "look, this action changed the game in x, y, and z ways."

You either need to replay it choosing to do different things each time or watch videos on YouTube, which most people don't bother doing.


---- Potential spoilers ahead ----




For example if you don't send Jackie to mama Welles, you will skip an ENTIRE SEGMENT of the game where a lot more is shown about his personality and difficult relationship between mama Welles and his girlfriend, Misty. You skip talking to people who knew him so well and skip the entire funeral celebrating his like. You can also meet him much later in the game after his death through Mikoshi - I did and I was surprised so many people didn't know about that.
            Played it three times.  I'm not saying there is no reactivity at all, just that it's not really that much and not something I would really consider a selling point for the game.  The overall story and events of the game are going to be largely the same no matter what.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by various cRPGs that I've played, lol.
    The main heist is another one - it has a few choices, notably the one concerning Jackie, that affect the game much more. Or the quest where you get attacked in the motel: this one only has one meaningful choice - to save or not to save, but that will change the most.

There are many other, less noticeable examples. Including side quests.
it’s worth noting (and i’ve seen several other people repeat this same sentiment), that i had to  start this game like literally 5 times before it clicked for me, but i kept seeing people rave about how great the game was and it kept encouraging me to give it another shot. once it clicked however, it CLICKED, and i couldnt put it down. now it’s probably one of if not my favorite games that’s come out in the past 5 years. 

i ended up doing pretty much everything there is to do in the base game (in one play through). really excited for phantom liberty
    People did you a dis service by comparing this to fallout 76
I don't think you can compare those games.

My friend can play Cyberpunk and Witcher to death, but I can't. However, I can play Fallout and Elder Scrolls to death, but he can't. He likes his story driven games, I however like my freedom to just roam around and do what I want.

He wants games that are more linear, I want games that are more open. They're different given the context.
You know, I sometimes envy people like you who can get hundreds of hours out of a singleplayer title.
    The way I put it is that it's like soul food, comfort food. Sure you can try something exotic, get amazed, or experience something truly spectacular. But when I get home from work, sometimes I just want to wind down, relax to music or a podcast/YouTube documentary, and just lightly stimulate my brain by getting through some side quests, or just exploring a world. it's how I got over a thousand hours on fallout 4 on PC alone, with tons more on console.
        Tbh, I did log 650hrs in MSFS since October (taking a break now). But when it comes to story driven singleplayer games I find it hard to stay engaged for that long - certainly not thousands of hours. I'll usually complete the story, do a few side quests along the way, and then I'm done.
    I put hundreds of hours into Resident Evil 2 and this game is really straightforwad, you don't make any choices at all, you just let the story play out. But I wanted to have faster times and that took me most of the time. It was genuinely fun to do even if I played it so many times already. Coming up with my own strategies for playing faster was really fun. I eventually 100% the game so bonus content took me some time to finish too.
I’m honestly glad they’re doing everything you said, but isn’t that what led to this fiasco in the first place? All they’re doing now is promising to deliver on what they first promised and failed to deliver except it’s in a DLC. Why do you think this will be different?
ah yes, mention the mission that is the only one in the game where your choice actually matter
Someone finally leaves a detailed comment on why they love the game and get downvoted for it lol. This thread is is full of bad faith posturing from "spurned lovers".
    I’d bet a good portion of them haven’t played it. But the question is fundamentally dumb: most things I dislike I can recognize why people would or do like. If you can’t it’s your issue not theirs
No idea what made you think I'm just being an asshole, but you reiterated everything I said
"Great story and graphics and art design, bad AI and combat"
    The combat isn’t bad tho, but even if it is, then it’s fairly obvious why people think the game is good. Aka, your question is stupid and seems to be in bad faith.
I have 40 hours in the game
I’m sure it won’t flop because it’ll be a Bethesda game and people generally like those, game breaking bugs or not.
    It will be a solid but somewhat unpolished game and I think people already know that going in. Bethesda isn’t really making any big promises and seem to be pretty honest about what is and isn’t in the game. People don’t really understand that 76 was a unique thing because of a series of issues that Bethesda has more then likely fixed. they have overhauled their engine, starfield is being developed by the primary dev team who have more experience with the engine, and it’s a single player game which is what the engine was made for.
Flop was probably the wrong word. A major disappointment might have been a better way to say it.
Nah, EA has literal corpses of dead and beloved studios under their feet. Their reputation is their own making. CDPR was riding the tailcoat of Witcher 3 and why the hype was overblown.
Thank you for the validation.
Not sure if you can still do this but you used to be able to hack pinged targets through walls, so you could just ping a camera then quickhack a target and kill a whole base from 3 blocks away without ever even seeing an enemy.
    Sounds fun honestly, why nerf this? It's a single player open world game wjo cares about game balance. Have some busted shit in there.
        Dude fucking exactly. Balance is kind of the enemy of fun. There should be some really broken ways of annihilating things. It’s not like this is going to affect anyone else in any way, why not let people see what kind of crazy shit they can do in a cybernetic world?

Edit: I should mention I’ve put a couple hundred hours into Cyberpunk and the hacking is a lot of fun. For people worried that it would discourage other gameplay types, it doesn’t really. I personally like to do a hybrid of hacking and being able to use firearms. Switch it up when the mood strikes because combat isn’t really all that difficult to begin with.
            Yeah, my first char was exclusively a hacker. Sure you can kill everything with essentially zero risk, but the tradeoff is that it's fairly slow and methodical. My 2nd char was a melee sword user and you can annihilate everything in seconds and have bullet-time up whenever you need it just by dashing.

This whole game is *supposed* to be a power fantasy. You go from a week nobody to a badass who can destroy a battalion of max-tacs in the blink of an eye. Being overpowered is the reward you get for building up your character.
                I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
    That's pretty much how I remember playing a Netrunner in the TTRPG.
    IDK if that’s still a thing, but being able to hack through cameras is absurd.
Yep lol.
I'm glad to see that sub dying. It went from making fun of lazy posts in r/gaming to a political shitshow akin to twitter.
    Mods were banning people who weren't toeing the line.

Shows you the power of mods to shape or turn a community.

And of course admins have even more power than that.

Does make you wonder about the direction of things with the changes coming to reddit's systems. People hate mods but they haven't really seen what bad mods can do.
Yeah fuck GCJ, when I joined a couple years back they where just an LGBT- and women-friendly gaming sub with spicy memes but also where I could have cool discussions about games. It's so sad to see what it turned into.
    Exactly! It was almost a haven from all the toxicity in some other gaming communities, then it just devolved to a mess of its own.
It used to be a great safe space that also made fun of the cringey part of gamer culture and it's largely a hate sub now. Sad to see, and the mods only encouraged it.
That common take is so bad I can't help but laugh when I see yet.  Do people actually think that the vast majority of sales of Harry Potter even knew about gaming circle jerk?  It was always going to be successful, it's fucking Harry Potter.
I can only speak for myself, but if there wasn't a massive outrage I would probably never seen gameplay footage, and wanted to play the game.

But yeah I get your point.
    Sorry but no. I had female non-gamer friends (big Harry Potter fans) who bought a freaking PS5 just to play Hogwarts Legacy. It was always going to be big, controversial or not.

50 terminally online Twitter users is way off. Literally in every progressive space online and in every social network I’m in, people were having discussions about it.

But the important part is the impressions. Here’s some numbers:
In YouTube:
Video on it by kuncan dastner, 300k views.
Video by mutahar on the boycott, 550k views.
Video on it by pyrocynical, 550k views.
Video on it by The Act Man, 900k views.
Video on it by Film Champ, 1.2M views.
Videos by council of geeks, 500k+ views.
Video by Asmongold regarding the boycott, 1.1M views.
Video by HasanAbi about the boycott, 370k views.

A bunch of tiktoks from various creators regarding the boycott with over a million views each.

Articles about the boycott in LA Times, Forbes, The Guardian, Game Rant, Dextero, and many more.

That’s just part of it. If you don’t consider that free publicity, you must severely underestimate the value of online marketing when it comes to actually selling things.

And yes it was terrible they took to Twitch to harrass people for playing it and even convinced HasanAbi to NOT do a fundraiser about it. It was a bunch of massive Ls one after the other.
My mid-range computer ran it okay. Obviously not on full details. 

I had some bugs, but none of them were game breaking. Worst one I had, I had to load a save before start of a mission.
> I feel like I was navigating a sea of stupid and finally touched land

"Everyone who doesn't have the same experience and tastes as me is stupid."

>The game was so bad in one aspect they had to start hating it on all aspects

Boing down the fact that the game was _literally broken_ for a significant percentage of the audience to "one aspect" is certainly a take. Particularly for someone really, really quick to call everyone else stupid.

>It's like when an artist gets cancelled for saying something stupid

Ah no dude, it's like someone releasing a movie that just cuts off around a third of the way through for an awful lot of people and refuses to show you any more of it.
    I'll summarize my post because apparently it wasn't understood:

The entire game outside of technical issues was at least the same quality as the Witcher 3.

Because it had technical issues people started complaining about all other aspects of the game (story, quests, combat, skills) as if they were bad too because they were mad at it.

This is not a rational attitude and I'm calling it stupid. Your response to my post did not address it so I could extend that adjective to you as well.
Any people have incredibly short memories. There's also a shortage of good "next gen" games out there, so people are willing to overlook even the most egregious missteps in order to play some games. Probably a lot of people justifying their expensive GPU purchases as well
I mean... they clearly do have a different approach. They still want money but they also have GOG and champion DRM free gaming.
> the Prequel trilogy

I think that's just children with nostalgia coming of age.
I have a very good friend who insists that the Clone Wars is really, really good Star Wars and redeems the prequels. He is a very good friend, so I'll just agree that Duel of the Fates is cool as fuck and there are fun moments in Episode 3.
    I'll back him up and say that the biggest gripe I had with the prequels is that there wasn't enough time for character development in between the set pieces.

TCW series fixes a lot of that, building the emotional depth that *should* have been there for "you were my *brother* , Anakin"
I don't think the plots overlap. They capture the same dystopian near-future feel within the same setting.
Same city. Different players. Set about a little less than a year apart. 

>!The anime doesn't amount to more than a few footnotes in the game. Likewise, I don't think the game amounts to much more than a footnote in the Night City universe.!<
I can definitively say no. My girlfriend showed me the anime, she's a massive cyberpunk nerd and has played the game several times over. While we watched she told me about all the cool little bits to do with the game since I had no intention of playing it and wanted to hear her thoughts (I like listening to her rambles it's really cute). They are all one-way references, where it's a cool tie in to the game if you've played it, and not spoilery at all if you haven't.
Pretty sure the anime is an unrelated prequel.
No Man's Sky didn't deliver on what they advertised when it came out. They got a lot of flak for it. It was unplayable on consoles on release.

But the devs kept at it. They fixed bugs. Added features that were promised at the onset, then added more on top of that.

Nowadays, the game is nothing like what initially came out. It's better than what they initially promised. So should people continue to be mad about it?
    "it's better than what they initially promised"

Meanwhile CP2077 is still only around half the game that was promised. Currently it's not a bad game but it's still far from anything special.
        I'm asking with sincerity: What did they not deliver on? I did not really follow the pre-launch hype.
            Not op, but i think you hold openworld games to a certain standard that is missing in cyberpunk.

You cant shoot in a car, cops spawn behind you, no car customization, an origins system that did jack shit. 

Also, the mission where you rescue someone at the start?[Destructible environment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/slzlki/destruction_in_this_place_very_satisfying_shame/) that is very limited in the rest of the game.

It felt soulless tbh. I stopped at 20 hours and would probably come back when the expansion is released. I do still check and read the big patches that come out.

Cyberpunk seems like a game up my alley but it wasnt anything special when i played it. Im hoping the expansion and 2.0 update changes that.

These days, when im tempted to give cyberpunk another go, i just think to myself that i shouldnt hold it to other openworld sandbox's standard, you know?
                So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
                    [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
                    Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
    NMS has been making massive updates for years. All for free.

CDPR made some major bug fixes, threw in some jackets and called it a day. Now they're asking for more money.  
They released early because they got greedy (maximise sales during the generational shift). They barely fixed the issues in the game (just the majority of bugs) and now they're selling a DLC because they got greedy.

It's only silly *not* to call them out on it.
    I upvoted you, to hopefully garner some good faith, but I'm going to disagree ever so slightly with you also. 

I believe there is still a legitimate source of anger with respect to this saga, and not just for CDPR either - all of the game companies do this now. They rush a bug-filled mess, give their mea culpas, and eventually deliver on a playable game that may or may not be what the pre-launch advertisements claimed that it would be. It is proper to be mad about this, and proper to keep that anger alive within the community, because companies shouldn't be permitted to continually get away with this. 

I like CDPR, I think they're better than at least some other companies. I dislike what they did here and I don't want them doing it again. I do not believe they deserve any credit for fixing a broken game. I will give them unreserved credit if their next game releases in accord with their pre-launch promises and not in a bug-filled mess.
    NMS actually kept improving and adding content all for free. CP77 barely added any new content and now wants people to pay more for an already unfinished story game
Everyone knows it was broken at launch. Everyone. Nobody has forgotten.

However, it seems they've made a solid effort to make the game playable and the new expansion seems good. The writing in a lot of places is excellent and the gameplay is fresh, though no, it's still not a fully living and breathing cyberpunk GTA.
    >The writing in a lot of places is excellent

It sounds like you really want to like it.
        I played on release and everyone agreed that the writing (especially the sidequests. Man some of them are amazing) was not the bad part. Almost everything else was.
> The game isn’t what it was hyped up to be at launch but once you get past that it’s a fun game that I enjoyed finishing.

But surely you understand why people aren't too keen on it and why it's weird that people are calling it one of the best games of all time?

Hell, your own description was "a fun game that I enjoyed finishing" which is fine but it's not exactly the description of a masterpiece, is it?
    We’ll that’s a step too far imo. It’s fun but who am I to say if it is or isn’t  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Yea I'd give it a seven. Which is pretty good for games these days. Only game I've played in recent times that's blown me away from triple a developers was like elden ring... and even that had some shitty aspects with boss quality even more agregious that ds2.

Cyberpunks story is really where it shines imo. After a couple playthroughs things make more sense and you gain a different perspective. It's decently well written
Man, let me pay you a virtual beer.  
I'm so tiered of reading brainless people saying CB2077 is great **Role**PG with an amazing scenario and characters when the whole story is a mess of which the most interesting part has been turned into a 2 minutes cutscene so they could focus on bringing Keanu Reeves to do some marketing.
Word is it's a 30-hr campaign so it may even out?
It literally is an ad.  
It’s also a decent anime. 

It can be both.
Damn they’re really hyping it up. I might actually buy it just to feel that second play through in a 2.0 mode.
    Yeah I'm still on my first playthrough, just a couple of hours in but this makes me consider holding out continuing until the patch is released.
        If I was you, I would hold off. I think I tried playing right around the 1.5 patch, but there was still work to be done. I played a little later and it was fine. I’m gonna hold off too
            Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
            Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
The delusion of the fanboy.

Sure, you didn't have problems so no one had problems.

It wasn't the devs / publishers fault, it was the customers fault for believing them.
    i didn't either... and maybe if you werent living in a world of denial you might accept the many people who had a fine experience....
    I'm not going to say there were no issues, but I also had a great experience on launch on PC.
yep, but those people genuinely believe she was insulting cyberpunk by saying that. those people are just dicks, but they're dicks that are extremely common, especially when it comes to a game people decided pre-release was gonna be the greatest video game to ever release. it didn't even matter to them that she liked the game, all that matter to them was that she said anything that could be perceived as "hurting the hype"
    Be careful of thinking things are common, just because its really easy to be a loud jerk online with a host of modern harassment tools at their fingertips. It only takes a few these days to be far reaching and cause problems for people.
except it's a sad reality that it will actively affect how a review might be scored. this is absolutely a real fucking reason. hell, as another comment said, even just pointing out you might get a seizure from the game was enough to receive death threats. the pre-release of cyberpunk was on a different fucking level to any other game and the fear of harassment can easily affect a lot of people scoring.

&#x200B;

it will be the same with gta 6. a lot of people will be terrified of saying anything negative because a lot of gamers are fucking losers that think harassment is a valid response to criticism towards a game they didn't even play yet. hype can absolutely cloud people's judgement and anyone who says anything going against the hype train will suffer badly and it's definitely affecting people in the games criticism industry
I also preferred motorcycles but even those seemed terrible.  I don't know, it really pushed me to just finish the game and not enjoy it as much
With the recent advances in driving in video games just reminds me of the jump to GTA4 where the cars felt like they actually had weight and the driving was a bit more reasonable.  This seems like a jump in the opposite direction  especially when this is supposed to be a highly advanced society with cybernetic implants...
I was just about to say this, the mission they mention is like the demo mission they showed off pre-release, it's far more intricate and branching that basically any other mission in the game. If anything it's more frustrating that it's present because it shows that they were capable of doing this sort of thoughtful design but they just bottled it in he rush to get it out. For most of the rest of the game the main choice you'll have on a mission is whether or not to kill the mission character or not.
    It's almost like they made the first 2 hours of the game good so people wouldn't refund it on Steam once they realized the rest of the game's story missions are shallow.
        More like they made two hours of a good game and then got hit with impossible deadline after impossible deadline and the quality started to decline.
            they were the ones that always said "when it's ready", and didn't they have over 4 years of dev time?
                I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
                    i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
There are several other decisions that affect other missions, like how Woodman will give you info if you tell him you did Jotaro in, or how you need to follow a certain path to get the secret ending.

A lot of people miss these subtle differences because they’re all written as if the path you take is the only path.
    In minor ways yes, but nothing nearly as branching or intricate as the drone mission. Mostly the decisions come down to “ I chose to kill/not kill one person, so this other person is more willing to cooperate.”but broad strokes each mission will end the same, it will just depend on if you need to shoot your way out or not. As for the secret ending, you just need to complete a certain characters side mission without completely antagonizing them, which is a bit more involved than complete the side mission but still nothing on the level of something like New Vegas. No choice you make in the game bar the ending have a significant impact on the world around you
        That’s very much the Cyberpunk theme though. You can’t beat the system.
There are definitely other missions like that. If you send >!Jackie's body to Vik, you won't get to attend the funeral!<, which means you don't get to meet a character in one of the quest that would have let you breezed to the target you are supposed to assassinate.
    That’s certainly cool, but that’s another mission from the intro, which really had a lot more going on than the rest of the game IMO. It’s still a pretty binary choice, where the drone mission had far more than two possible outcomes. It’s pretty commonplace to have good and bad endings in games nowadays, but IMO Cyberpunk never came close to realizing the potential seen in its e3 trailer, I hope phantom liberty will though.
        There are other missions like it. If you don't care about spoilers, this site lists almost all missions where your choices have an effect on the outcome:

https://www.powerpyx.com/cyberpunk-2077-story-choices-guide/
C2077 is fine. I agree one major issue is that very few of the missions feel really good. People forget that a lot of TW3's missions were fairly linear too, but it feels like C2077's story missions are also mostly linear -- *with some excellent exceptions*.
Yeah I'm confused as hell by that point lol. I really enjoyed 2077 personally but it didn't have much reactivity to player choices at all. Even the background you choose for your characters make pretty much no difference.

There are definitely a lot of rpgs out there that have way more reactivity than 2077. I wouldn't recommend 2077 for someone that wants their choices to matter.
    How many times you played the game? Because, unlike Mass Effect or many other choice-consequence games, this one does not shove the "look, this action changed the game in x, y, and z ways."

You either need to replay it choosing to do different things each time or watch videos on YouTube, which most people don't bother doing.


---- Potential spoilers ahead ----




For example if you don't send Jackie to mama Welles, you will skip an ENTIRE SEGMENT of the game where a lot more is shown about his personality and difficult relationship between mama Welles and his girlfriend, Misty. You skip talking to people who knew him so well and skip the entire funeral celebrating his like. You can also meet him much later in the game after his death through Mikoshi - I did and I was surprised so many people didn't know about that.
        Played it three times.  I'm not saying there is no reactivity at all, just that it's not really that much and not something I would really consider a selling point for the game.  The overall story and events of the game are going to be largely the same no matter what.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by various cRPGs that I've played, lol.
The main heist is another one - it has a few choices, notably the one concerning Jackie, that affect the game much more. Or the quest where you get attacked in the motel: this one only has one meaningful choice - to save or not to save, but that will change the most.

There are many other, less noticeable examples. Including side quests.
People did you a dis service by comparing this to fallout 76
The way I put it is that it's like soul food, comfort food. Sure you can try something exotic, get amazed, or experience something truly spectacular. But when I get home from work, sometimes I just want to wind down, relax to music or a podcast/YouTube documentary, and just lightly stimulate my brain by getting through some side quests, or just exploring a world. it's how I got over a thousand hours on fallout 4 on PC alone, with tons more on console.
    Tbh, I did log 650hrs in MSFS since October (taking a break now). But when it comes to story driven singleplayer games I find it hard to stay engaged for that long - certainly not thousands of hours. I'll usually complete the story, do a few side quests along the way, and then I'm done.
I put hundreds of hours into Resident Evil 2 and this game is really straightforwad, you don't make any choices at all, you just let the story play out. But I wanted to have faster times and that took me most of the time. It was genuinely fun to do even if I played it so many times already. Coming up with my own strategies for playing faster was really fun. I eventually 100% the game so bonus content took me some time to finish too.
I’d bet a good portion of them haven’t played it. But the question is fundamentally dumb: most things I dislike I can recognize why people would or do like. If you can’t it’s your issue not theirs
The combat isn’t bad tho, but even if it is, then it’s fairly obvious why people think the game is good. Aka, your question is stupid and seems to be in bad faith.
It will be a solid but somewhat unpolished game and I think people already know that going in. Bethesda isn’t really making any big promises and seem to be pretty honest about what is and isn’t in the game. People don’t really understand that 76 was a unique thing because of a series of issues that Bethesda has more then likely fixed. they have overhauled their engine, starfield is being developed by the primary dev team who have more experience with the engine, and it’s a single player game which is what the engine was made for.
Sounds fun honestly, why nerf this? It's a single player open world game wjo cares about game balance. Have some busted shit in there.
    Dude fucking exactly. Balance is kind of the enemy of fun. There should be some really broken ways of annihilating things. It’s not like this is going to affect anyone else in any way, why not let people see what kind of crazy shit they can do in a cybernetic world?

Edit: I should mention I’ve put a couple hundred hours into Cyberpunk and the hacking is a lot of fun. For people worried that it would discourage other gameplay types, it doesn’t really. I personally like to do a hybrid of hacking and being able to use firearms. Switch it up when the mood strikes because combat isn’t really all that difficult to begin with.
        Yeah, my first char was exclusively a hacker. Sure you can kill everything with essentially zero risk, but the tradeoff is that it's fairly slow and methodical. My 2nd char was a melee sword user and you can annihilate everything in seconds and have bullet-time up whenever you need it just by dashing.

This whole game is *supposed* to be a power fantasy. You go from a week nobody to a badass who can destroy a battalion of max-tacs in the blink of an eye. Being overpowered is the reward you get for building up your character.
            I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
That's pretty much how I remember playing a Netrunner in the TTRPG.
IDK if that’s still a thing, but being able to hack through cameras is absurd.
Mods were banning people who weren't toeing the line.

Shows you the power of mods to shape or turn a community.

And of course admins have even more power than that.

Does make you wonder about the direction of things with the changes coming to reddit's systems. People hate mods but they haven't really seen what bad mods can do.
Exactly! It was almost a haven from all the toxicity in some other gaming communities, then it just devolved to a mess of its own.
Sorry but no. I had female non-gamer friends (big Harry Potter fans) who bought a freaking PS5 just to play Hogwarts Legacy. It was always going to be big, controversial or not.
I'll summarize my post because apparently it wasn't understood:

The entire game outside of technical issues was at least the same quality as the Witcher 3.

Because it had technical issues people started complaining about all other aspects of the game (story, quests, combat, skills) as if they were bad too because they were mad at it.

This is not a rational attitude and I'm calling it stupid. Your response to my post did not address it so I could extend that adjective to you as well.
I'll back him up and say that the biggest gripe I had with the prequels is that there wasn't enough time for character development in between the set pieces.

TCW series fixes a lot of that, building the emotional depth that *should* have been there for "you were my *brother* , Anakin"
"it's better than what they initially promised"

Meanwhile CP2077 is still only around half the game that was promised. Currently it's not a bad game but it's still far from anything special.
    I'm asking with sincerity: What did they not deliver on? I did not really follow the pre-launch hype.
        Not op, but i think you hold openworld games to a certain standard that is missing in cyberpunk.

You cant shoot in a car, cops spawn behind you, no car customization, an origins system that did jack shit. 

Also, the mission where you rescue someone at the start?[Destructible environment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/slzlki/destruction_in_this_place_very_satisfying_shame/) that is very limited in the rest of the game.

It felt soulless tbh. I stopped at 20 hours and would probably come back when the expansion is released. I do still check and read the big patches that come out.

Cyberpunk seems like a game up my alley but it wasnt anything special when i played it. Im hoping the expansion and 2.0 update changes that.

These days, when im tempted to give cyberpunk another go, i just think to myself that i shouldnt hold it to other openworld sandbox's standard, you know?
            So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
                [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
                Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
NMS has been making massive updates for years. All for free.

CDPR made some major bug fixes, threw in some jackets and called it a day. Now they're asking for more money.  
They released early because they got greedy (maximise sales during the generational shift). They barely fixed the issues in the game (just the majority of bugs) and now they're selling a DLC because they got greedy.

It's only silly *not* to call them out on it.
I upvoted you, to hopefully garner some good faith, but I'm going to disagree ever so slightly with you also. 

I believe there is still a legitimate source of anger with respect to this saga, and not just for CDPR either - all of the game companies do this now. They rush a bug-filled mess, give their mea culpas, and eventually deliver on a playable game that may or may not be what the pre-launch advertisements claimed that it would be. It is proper to be mad about this, and proper to keep that anger alive within the community, because companies shouldn't be permitted to continually get away with this. 

I like CDPR, I think they're better than at least some other companies. I dislike what they did here and I don't want them doing it again. I do not believe they deserve any credit for fixing a broken game. I will give them unreserved credit if their next game releases in accord with their pre-launch promises and not in a bug-filled mess.
NMS actually kept improving and adding content all for free. CP77 barely added any new content and now wants people to pay more for an already unfinished story game
>The writing in a lot of places is excellent

It sounds like you really want to like it.
    I played on release and everyone agreed that the writing (especially the sidequests. Man some of them are amazing) was not the bad part. Almost everything else was.
We’ll that’s a step too far imo. It’s fun but who am I to say if it is or isn’t  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Yeah I'm still on my first playthrough, just a couple of hours in but this makes me consider holding out continuing until the patch is released.
    If I was you, I would hold off. I think I tried playing right around the 1.5 patch, but there was still work to be done. I played a little later and it was fine. I’m gonna hold off too
        Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
        Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
i didn't either... and maybe if you werent living in a world of denial you might accept the many people who had a fine experience....
I'm not going to say there were no issues, but I also had a great experience on launch on PC.
Be careful of thinking things are common, just because its really easy to be a loud jerk online with a host of modern harassment tools at their fingertips. It only takes a few these days to be far reaching and cause problems for people.
It's almost like they made the first 2 hours of the game good so people wouldn't refund it on Steam once they realized the rest of the game's story missions are shallow.
    More like they made two hours of a good game and then got hit with impossible deadline after impossible deadline and the quality started to decline.
        they were the ones that always said "when it's ready", and didn't they have over 4 years of dev time?
            I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
                i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
In minor ways yes, but nothing nearly as branching or intricate as the drone mission. Mostly the decisions come down to “ I chose to kill/not kill one person, so this other person is more willing to cooperate.”but broad strokes each mission will end the same, it will just depend on if you need to shoot your way out or not. As for the secret ending, you just need to complete a certain characters side mission without completely antagonizing them, which is a bit more involved than complete the side mission but still nothing on the level of something like New Vegas. No choice you make in the game bar the ending have a significant impact on the world around you
    That’s very much the Cyberpunk theme though. You can’t beat the system.
That’s certainly cool, but that’s another mission from the intro, which really had a lot more going on than the rest of the game IMO. It’s still a pretty binary choice, where the drone mission had far more than two possible outcomes. It’s pretty commonplace to have good and bad endings in games nowadays, but IMO Cyberpunk never came close to realizing the potential seen in its e3 trailer, I hope phantom liberty will though.
    There are other missions like it. If you don't care about spoilers, this site lists almost all missions where your choices have an effect on the outcome:

https://www.powerpyx.com/cyberpunk-2077-story-choices-guide/
How many times you played the game? Because, unlike Mass Effect or many other choice-consequence games, this one does not shove the "look, this action changed the game in x, y, and z ways."

You either need to replay it choosing to do different things each time or watch videos on YouTube, which most people don't bother doing.


---- Potential spoilers ahead ----




For example if you don't send Jackie to mama Welles, you will skip an ENTIRE SEGMENT of the game where a lot more is shown about his personality and difficult relationship between mama Welles and his girlfriend, Misty. You skip talking to people who knew him so well and skip the entire funeral celebrating his like. You can also meet him much later in the game after his death through Mikoshi - I did and I was surprised so many people didn't know about that.
    Played it three times.  I'm not saying there is no reactivity at all, just that it's not really that much and not something I would really consider a selling point for the game.  The overall story and events of the game are going to be largely the same no matter what.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by various cRPGs that I've played, lol.
Tbh, I did log 650hrs in MSFS since October (taking a break now). But when it comes to story driven singleplayer games I find it hard to stay engaged for that long - certainly not thousands of hours. I'll usually complete the story, do a few side quests along the way, and then I'm done.
Dude fucking exactly. Balance is kind of the enemy of fun. There should be some really broken ways of annihilating things. It’s not like this is going to affect anyone else in any way, why not let people see what kind of crazy shit they can do in a cybernetic world?

Edit: I should mention I’ve put a couple hundred hours into Cyberpunk and the hacking is a lot of fun. For people worried that it would discourage other gameplay types, it doesn’t really. I personally like to do a hybrid of hacking and being able to use firearms. Switch it up when the mood strikes because combat isn’t really all that difficult to begin with.
    Yeah, my first char was exclusively a hacker. Sure you can kill everything with essentially zero risk, but the tradeoff is that it's fairly slow and methodical. My 2nd char was a melee sword user and you can annihilate everything in seconds and have bullet-time up whenever you need it just by dashing.

This whole game is *supposed* to be a power fantasy. You go from a week nobody to a badass who can destroy a battalion of max-tacs in the blink of an eye. Being overpowered is the reward you get for building up your character.
        I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
I'm asking with sincerity: What did they not deliver on? I did not really follow the pre-launch hype.
    Not op, but i think you hold openworld games to a certain standard that is missing in cyberpunk.

You cant shoot in a car, cops spawn behind you, no car customization, an origins system that did jack shit. 

Also, the mission where you rescue someone at the start?[Destructible environment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/slzlki/destruction_in_this_place_very_satisfying_shame/) that is very limited in the rest of the game.

It felt soulless tbh. I stopped at 20 hours and would probably come back when the expansion is released. I do still check and read the big patches that come out.

Cyberpunk seems like a game up my alley but it wasnt anything special when i played it. Im hoping the expansion and 2.0 update changes that.

These days, when im tempted to give cyberpunk another go, i just think to myself that i shouldnt hold it to other openworld sandbox's standard, you know?
        So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
            [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
            Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
I played on release and everyone agreed that the writing (especially the sidequests. Man some of them are amazing) was not the bad part. Almost everything else was.
If I was you, I would hold off. I think I tried playing right around the 1.5 patch, but there was still work to be done. I played a little later and it was fine. I’m gonna hold off too
    Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
    Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
More like they made two hours of a good game and then got hit with impossible deadline after impossible deadline and the quality started to decline.
    they were the ones that always said "when it's ready", and didn't they have over 4 years of dev time?
        I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
            i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
That’s very much the Cyberpunk theme though. You can’t beat the system.
There are other missions like it. If you don't care about spoilers, this site lists almost all missions where your choices have an effect on the outcome:

https://www.powerpyx.com/cyberpunk-2077-story-choices-guide/
Played it three times.  I'm not saying there is no reactivity at all, just that it's not really that much and not something I would really consider a selling point for the game.  The overall story and events of the game are going to be largely the same no matter what.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by various cRPGs that I've played, lol.
Yeah, my first char was exclusively a hacker. Sure you can kill everything with essentially zero risk, but the tradeoff is that it's fairly slow and methodical. My 2nd char was a melee sword user and you can annihilate everything in seconds and have bullet-time up whenever you need it just by dashing.

This whole game is *supposed* to be a power fantasy. You go from a week nobody to a badass who can destroy a battalion of max-tacs in the blink of an eye. Being overpowered is the reward you get for building up your character.
    I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
Not op, but i think you hold openworld games to a certain standard that is missing in cyberpunk.

You cant shoot in a car, cops spawn behind you, no car customization, an origins system that did jack shit. 

Also, the mission where you rescue someone at the start?[Destructible environment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/slzlki/destruction_in_this_place_very_satisfying_shame/) that is very limited in the rest of the game.

It felt soulless tbh. I stopped at 20 hours and would probably come back when the expansion is released. I do still check and read the big patches that come out.

Cyberpunk seems like a game up my alley but it wasnt anything special when i played it. Im hoping the expansion and 2.0 update changes that.

These days, when im tempted to give cyberpunk another go, i just think to myself that i shouldnt hold it to other openworld sandbox's standard, you know?
    So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
        [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
        Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
Yeah, there was still some graphical glitches from my playthrough but nothing annoying. Hopefully it gets even  better with 2.0
they were the ones that always said "when it's ready", and didn't they have over 4 years of dev time?
    I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
        i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
I never play a mage in other games, but I love hacking in Cyberpunk. It lets you straight up slaughter everyone.
So I'm confused... were these broken promises or not? I'm asking what they promised that they specifically didn't deliver. I'm not trying to argue, but you gave me a bunch of "I would have liked this" rather than "they said this."
    [I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
    Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
I’m not going to Google it for you but the devs have said they were given laughably impossible deadlines from corporate and found out about these deadlines through Twitter. It’s pretty well documented that the devs said they needed more time and corporate gave them them the finger.
    i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
[I found this compilation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunkgame/comments/kcve8s/promised_but_missing_feature_list_will_update/) This is 3 years old, I wonder what had changed now.
Literally just go look at any of the pre-release materials from CDPR on youtube. Especially where they first started showing off the game. It was outlined as the next revolutionary RPG that would set the standard for years to come, with the potential to rival GTA in some ways. Then it came out and ended up being buggy, low performance, crash-prone (particularly on consoles), blatantly unfinished and a 6/10 to 7/10 AT BEST.

Even now it's a 7/10 in the most flattering light. But that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself if something about it appeals, just because others rightfully criticize it.
i understand, and i also remember seeing that they had a huge issue with Q&A that severely delayed their release, but again, they had over 4 years of dev time, this isn't their first game, tw3 sits among the highest rated games of all time, and finally every time they were asked when is the release date they said over and over "when ready", so i can't blame the people who bought the game to expect it to be working day one and live up to the hype.

I really don't understand all the people that keep defending cdpr, especially the ones that "victim blame" the people that bought the game that they should have known that marketing is all bullshit, and it's just hype, and they should have not expecting anything from cdpr as if they were some new indie company that no one heard about before, they had a reputation, so stop blaming the people that bought the game.
