Super Smash Bros Ultimate
In what game is Ganon the worst character?
What has characters similar to Min Min?
What game has Kirby as the most potent character?

Super Smash Bros Wii U
In what game is Bayonetta the most OP character?
Where can you find the Smash Run game mode?
In which game does the online For Glory option exist?

Super Smash Bros Brawl
In what game is Metaknight the most OP character?
What game has Master Hand?
In which game was Subspace Emissary a playable story mode? 

Super Smash Bros Melee
What game utilizes Slippi and rollback to enhance the user experience?
What game do HBox, Leffen, and Mango play?
In which game can you dash dance?

Elder Scrolls V Skyrim
In which game can Garlic Bread cure all diseases?
What game has voice actor Christopher Plummer?
In which game can you use a force on an orb to summon a dragon?
In which game is sneak the most overpowered skill to level?

The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess
Which game has Midna in it?
Which game has Zant in it?
Which game has Snowpeak and Arbiter's Grounds as dungeons?
What game has the hookshot tool?

The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild
What game has Tarrey Town as a landmark?
What game does the Yiga clan belong to?
What game contains divine beasts?

Persona 5
What game has Okumura as a boss?
Where does Makoto Nijima come from?
What game has Mementos as a location?

Batman Arkham Asylum
In what game is Scarecrow a villain?
What game has a character with a beer bottle permanently lodged in his head?
Where can you find The Batmobile?

Little Big Planet
What game is Sacknana from?
Which game has a lot of glitches and can corrupt your profile?
What game has prize bubbles?

eFootball
Who has better graphics? FIFA or eFootball?
What one soccer game did Konami create?

Yakuza 0
Where does Kiryu come from?
What is the first chronological game in the Yakuza series?

League of Legends
What does BLG elk play?
What is the state of balance of champions?
What game uses mastery emote?
What does IG Leyan do?
Where are Kassadin and Ahri from?

Honkai Star Rail
Which game are Kafka, Huohou, Ruan Mei, and Black Swan a DOT team from?
What is the most popular game that Prydwen makes a tier list for?
Where is the memory of chaos from?

Genshin Impact
Where is Ganyu from?
In which game can you explore Inazuma?

Pokemon Platinum
Where did Giratina first show up?
Which game introduces the Battle Frontier?
Which game allows players to catch both Dialga and Palkia?
Which Pokemon game introduces the Wi-Fi Plaza?
Which game has a map called the Reverse world?

Pokemon Black and White
In which games does the Dream World play a significant role?
Which games introduced Triple Battles and Rotation Battles?
Which games have an antagonist turn deuteragonist named after an alphabet?
Which games introduced the Pokemon World Tournament?

Pokemon Emerald
In which game do players encounter the Battle Frontier for the first time in the Hoenn region?
Which game has Team Magma and Team Aqua as dual antagonists?
Which Pokémon game introduces the concept of double battles in the main storyline?
Which game is Rayquaza the mascot of?

Pokemon Legends Arceus
What game offers a fresh take on the Pokemon formula and introduces new capture mechanics?
In which game do players embark on a journey to create the region's first Pokedex?
Which game has an antagonist with 8 Pokemon on his team?

Shadowverse
What is the prequel of Shadowverse Worlds Beyond?
What game does Wrath Blood come from?
What game's player base is complaining about Wrath Blood?

Overwatch 2
What game is Orisa strong?
Where does the character Illari originate from?
In what game are people not having fun with the state of tanks?

Overwatch
Which game did Sinatraa have an MVP skin in?
What game did support heroes get an update six years ago?
Which iteration of the game had too many stun abilities?
Which game had their characters as brands on Reddit?
Which game allowed all six players to choose the same hero?

NieR Automata
What Square Enix game is getting a season 2 for the anime adaptation of the game?
Which game had its sales top 8 million 2 months ago?
What game is Yoko Taro known for?
The character 2B is popular from what game?
What game does Yui Ishikawa voice in?

Civilization 6
What is the latest installment of the Civilization series?
What game allows players to lead a civilization from ancient times to the modern era?
Which game introduced the district system for city planning?
What game features a tech tree and a civics tree for researching advancements and shaping policies?

For Honor
What is the title of the action game developed by Ubisoft?
In which game do players fight as knights, samurai, or Vikings?
Which game features various multiplayer modes, including Dominion, Duel, and Brawl?
What game features the "Art of Battle" combat system?

Elden Ring
What is the name of the collaboration between Hidetaka Miyazaki and George R. R. Martin?
Which game gives you a mount named Torrent?
Which game is the YouTuber LetMeSoloHer famous for?

Sekiro Shadows Die Twice
What game is infamous for having a mechanic based on breaking posture?
In which game do players assume the role of a shinobi seeking revenge in feudal Japan?
Which game are LilAggy and Ongbal famous for?
Which game is infamous for the quote Hesitation is Defeat?

Destiny 2
What game contains the horrendous PVPVE mode called Gambit?
Which game has two major factions called Light and Darkness?
Where can you find the grenade launcher called Witherhoard?
What game did Lance Reddick star in before his death?

AFK Journey
What is the new popular open-world title by Lilith Games?
What's a famous idle game where players can progress without having to play it themselves?

Risk of Rain 2
In which roguelike do players fight through hordes of enemies on alien planets?
What is Hoopoo Games' most famous and active IP?
What game has a map called Bazaar Between Time?

The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt
What game features a vast open world inspired by the fantasy novels of Andrzej Sapkowski?
Which game popularized the online card game Gwent?
Which game concluded the tale of Geralt of Rivia?
Which game features a DLC quest where you can talk to your mount due to a drug?

Cyberpunk 2077
What is the most anticipated yet disappointing and broken game at launch in recent years?
Which game has a character modeled after Keanu Reeves?
Which game has a song called I Really Want to Stay at Your House?
What is the futuristic game with no endings in which the protagonist survives?

Final Fantasy XVI
What game has a power system drawn from monsters known as Eikons?
What game has a final boss known as Ultima?
What game features two primary sources of fire powers?

NieR Replicant ver.1.22474487139
Which game's release in the West was preceded by the success of its spiritual successor, which featured certain famous androids?
Which game includes features Emil's origins?
What game requires completing all its endings through subsequent playthroughs to experience the full story?

Stray
What game lets you play as a cat in a cyberpunk world?
What is the game with the most realistic depictions of cat behavior?

Rainworld
Which title offers procedurally generated environments and dynamic weather patterns that impact gameplay?
Which game's narrative is told through environmental storytelling and cryptic visual cues rather than traditional dialogue?
In which game do you play as a creature known as Slugcat?

Minecraft
In what game do you mine for diamonds?
What game do you play as Steve?
What is the game where you fight the ender dragon?
What game is the creeper from?

Deep Rock Galactic
What is the game where you play as dwarves in space?
What is the name of the game where you can drink beer to power up?
What game has the classes driller, scout, engineer, and gunner?
What game is Rock and Stone from?

Dead by Daylight
In what game can you play as a killer who hunts survivors?
In what game can you play as characters from stranger things, including the Demogorgon?
In what game do the players get put on hooks by the killer?

Danganronpa
In what game do you guess the killer in a trial?
What game is Monokuma from?
In what game do you play as Makoto Naegi?
What game is Nagito from?

No Man's Sky
What game can you travel to infinite planets?
What game has procedurally generated life?
In what game do you travel to the center?

Sea of Thieves
In what game do you play as a pirate and steal from other players?
In what game can you fight against ghost ships?
In what pirate-themed game can you get the reaper's bounty?

Slay the Spire
What game is made by the indie studio Mega Crit?
What game is the character The Watcher from?
What game is a deck builder in which the player must ascend a spire?

Stardew Valley 
In what game do you inherit your grandfather's old home and start a farm?
In what game do you travel to the skull caverns to collect iridium?
In what game do you repair the community with the help of small magical creatures?
In what game can you get void chickens?

ULTRAKILL
What game is published by New Blood Interactive?
What game inspired by Doom and Quake do you descend layers of hell?
In what game do you play as a blood-fueled machine?

Titanfall 2
What game uses speedrunning tech such as crouch kicks?
What fps game by Respawn Entertainment has a campaign?
What game has an engine that is a heavily modified version of Valve's open-source engine?

Mario Kart 8
What is Nintendo's first party-racing game?
What Mario Kart game can be purchased on the Switch?
What is the first Mario Kart game to include Mii as a playable character?
In what game can you use items like a mushroom and red shell?

Bioshock
What game is Big Daddy from?
What game takes place in the underwater city Rapture?
What game is Andrew Ryan from?

Terraria 
What game's most popular mod is called Calamity?
What survival game do you progress in by beating bosses, such as the Eye of Cthulhu?
What game are weapons like the Night's Edge and Zenith from?

Bloons Tower Defence 6
What game is the dart monkey from?
In what game do you defend against waves of bloons?
In what game does the game mode CHIMPS exist?
In what game do you fight against the MOAB and BFB?

Fallout 4 
What fallout game do you start in Vault 111?
Which Fallout game is the first to have a fully-voiced protagonist?
What game takes place in the year 2287?

Fallout 76
What was Bethesda Studios' first multiplayer game?
What game has the setting of the Appalachia?
What Fallout game has a battle royale mode called Nuclear Winter?

Astroneer
What game is the terrain tool from?
In what Sandbox survival game can you activate the core of the planet?
What game uses resources such as resin and compound to craft items?

Rust 
In what survival game do you steal from other players' bases to upgrade items using scrap?
In what game do you spawn on a beach with nothing but a rock and a torch?
What game has weekly or monthly wipes to its servers that reset the player's progress?

Ark Survival Evolved 
In what survival game can you tame dinosaurs?
What is Studio Wildcards' most popular game?
In what game do you tame dinosaurs after knocking them unconscious?

Grand Theft Auto V
In which game can players explore the city of Los Santos?
Which game features three main characters?
What is the title of the last open world developed by Rockstar?

Shadow of Mordor 
In which game can players explore an open-world version of Mordor?
What game is set in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth?
In what game can players control orc leaders?

Rocket League
What is the name of the car soccer game made by Psynoix?
What game has cars playing soccer in multiplayer matches?
Which game has different modes like soccer, rumble, and hoops?   

Tekken 8
Reina is from which iteration of Tekken?
What game is Knee having difficulties in understanding?
What fighting game has broken moves?

Granblue Fantasy
What gacha game is notorious for its grind?
What game has a campaign for Golden Week?
Recently, what gacha game has updated its tier list for fire characters?
What game released a character based on the dragon zodiac?

Granblue Fantasy Relink
In what game can you fight the boss, Lucillius?
What game can you play as Charlotte?
What game has a possibility of Sturm to be playable as a character in the future?

Remnant 2
Engineer is a class in what game?
What game is known for its bosses?
The corrupted weapon system is a concept from what game?
What game has two classes that specify skill damage?

Frostpunk
In what game do players manage a city in a frozen setting?
What game revolves around the struggle to survive in a frozen landscape?
What game has scenarios like "The Arks" and "The Last Autumn" with their challenges?

Among Us
What game includes emergency meetings to discuss suspicions and vote out imposters?
What game sparks intense arguments as players try to identify imposters?
In which game can players use a vent to move quickly around the map?

Grand Theft Auto IV
What game follows the story of Niko Bellic, an immigrant pursuing the American dream?
What game has a city called Liberty City, resembling New York City?

Rainbow Six Siege
What game has operators from different CTU factions like SAS, FBI, and GIGN?
What game developed by Ubisoft involves tactical teamwork with unique operator abilities?

Apex Legends
What game has characters with tactical, passive, and ultimate abilities for combat and movement?
What game, set in the Titanfall universe, features unique characters called Legends?
What game allows players to revive fallen teammates by collecting their banners and taking them to respawn beacons?

Battlefield 1 
What game features epic battles set in World War I?
What game allows players to use World War I weapons, vehicles, and gadgets like tanks and flamethrowers?
Which game lets players play as the Ottoman Empire during World War I?

Red Dead Redemption 2
What game features Arthur Morgan, who struggles with his loyalty to the Van der Linde gang?
What game is a prequel to Red Dead Redemption, developed by Rockstar Games?
What game has a detailed world that features diverse ecosystems, wildlife, and weather systems for players to explore?

Nikke Goddess of Victory
What game got most players to play their game based on certain assets?
The community of this game wants the devs to make buff balance changes. What game is this?
The character Neon is from what game?
What game designs their characters in a certain way based on their target audience?

Honkai Impact 3rd
What game has their player base nickname their main character as Tuna?
Often compared to other Hoyoverse games, what is the Hoyoverse game that is regarded to have the best story?
Where is the character Raiden Mei from?
What is the game in which Rie Kugimiya voices the main character, Kiana Kaslana?
What game is Kiana Kaslana from? 

Ghost of Tsushima
What's the most critically acclaimed title in the genre of samurai games?
What game includes a mechanic of having multiple stances for different playstyles?
What game has a unique standoff mechanic, which, when triggered sufficient times, unlocks a unique temporary stance?

Valorant
The rank Ascendant is a rank in what game?
Viper is an agent in what game?
What game was the esports player Sinatraa banned from competing in?
Clove is the newest smoker character from what FPS game?

Fall Guys
What game has the player models shaped like a bean?
In which game can players compete against up to 59 other players in a single match?
In which game do players encounter a variety of game modes such as Hex-A-Gone, Slime Climb, and Fall Mountain?

Final Fantasy VII Remake
What is the first part of the remake of the original Final Fantasy 7 called?
Yuffie can be first seen in what game of the remake of Final Fantasy 7?
Cloud Strife is introduced as the main character of what game of the remake?
What game is the PS5 version of the PS4 Final Fantasy remake?

Final Fantasy VII Remake Rebirth
Unlike the first part, which game did they remove the party battle banter from?
What Final Fantasy game has the highest software sales in Japan, over 300k?
In which part of the Final Fantasy 7 remake do we see Claudia, Cloud's mother?

Alan Wake 2
What's the game that resolves the mysteries surrounding Cauldron Lake?
What game has a band called Old Gods of Asgard, which are alter egos of Poets of the Fall?
What is the most recent installment from Remedy Entertainment?

Monster Hunter World
What is the most recent monster hunter where you can fight Fatalis?
Ailments and elements are a concept from what game?
What game is Kulve Taroth, a golden dragon monster, from?
What is the best-selling capcom game?
Iceborne is the DLC for what game?

Hogwarts Legacy
What is the game whose events occur in a time preceding Harry Potter?
What is a game where you can attend a famous school for wizards and witches?

Palworld
What is the name of the game that took the Pokemon formula and decided to do something new with it?
What is the game that is just Pokemon but at home but better?
What is the upcoming open-world game developed by Pocketpair that is in early access?

Sonic Generations
What Sonic game is getting a remake soon?
What Sonic game lets you play as both the classic and the modern Sonic?
Which of these Sonic Games has a 3DS Version? Sonic Generations, Sonic Colors, and Sonic Unleashed?

Sonic Colors
What Sonic game has been getting negative impressions after its remake?
What was the most well-received Wii Sonic Game?

Lost Ark
Gunslinger is a class in what MMORPG?
What MMO removed over one million bot accounts on the 5th of March 2022?
What game names their servers after their NPCs?

Portal 2
What is the most famous game from Valve?
What game do players encounter GLaDOS?
What game contains Aperture Science?
What game is Wheatley from?

Scarlet Nexus
In what game can you play the story of Yuito Sumeragi or Kasane Randall?
What is the game where all the characters possess different psychic abilities?

Monster Hunter Rise
What game is Sunbreak the DLC for?
Soloing a monster is considered a skill in what game?
In what game can you use slow weapons like greatsword and hammer?
In this game, players can tell if a monster is enraged by looking at the color of the monster's eye. What is this game?
What Monster Hunter game can be played on all platforms?

The Binding of Isaac
What game has Azazel and Cain as playable characters?
In which game is your Mother a beatable boss?
What game contains the item, Holy Mantle?
What game has a dead cat?

Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2
What game has the riot shield?
What game has the SPAS-12?
Where can you find the maps Favela and Terminal?

Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3
What game has the Predator Missile?
In which game can you set your button layout to tactical?

Call of Duty Black Ops 2
Which Call of Duty game has the ballista as a weapon?
Where can you find the Nuketown map?
Where can you play Tranzit zombies?

Animal Crossing New Horizons
Where can you play on an island with villagers?
What game uses bells as currency?
In which game can you earn nookmiles?

Halo Reach
What game allows for armour customization?
In which game do you play as a Spartan?
What game has the weapons Spiker and Plasma Repeater?
Where can you find the Noble Team as a part of the game’s character roster?

Halo 3 ODST
Which game was made by Bungie?
Where can you walk along Mombasa Street?
Which game has the Plasma Rifle as a weapon?

Prototype
Where does the Blacklight Virus originate from?
What game has Alex Mercer as a playable character?
In which game can you skyjack a helicopter?

Hollow Knight
In what game do you unlock a true ending after 112% completed?
What game has a 5-hour speedrun achievement?
What game has a DLC called Silk Song?

Doom
What game is the BFG, Big Fucking Gun from?
What game is the cacodemon from?
What game has a game mode called Ultra Nightmare?

Guilty gear
What game is Sol Badguy from?
In what game can you Roman Cancel?
In what game does it say Heaven or Hell before each match?

EA Sports FC 24
What soccer game was made by EA Vancouver?
What has FIFA 24 been renamed to?
What game has Haaland as the poster for their game?

Counter-Strike 2
What game was made by Valve Corporation?
In what game do teams of terrorists and counter-terrorists engage to defeat each other?
What game is the sequel to Counter-Strike Go?  