[[Destiny 2 Sunrise]]





This is the final shape
    Ngl having all that content would be awesome! For us. But it would also be hell for new lights like how overwhelming as shit Warframe is.

Edit: a great solution to new player confusion imo (that could even be used now) would be to:
1. Expand the Timeline window. 
2. Allow you to start campaigns and seasonal quests from said window.
3. Clearly guide new players to the window when they are taken to orbit.
4. Abandon the shitty quest archive vendor, or turn it into an exotic quest vendor for legacy exotics.
        Hey, it only took me like 5 years to figure out I was modding my weapons wrong.
            I mean, most important mods got massively changed a couple months back, so you might wanna take another look at them.
                Yeah I haven’t played since then. I mainly used my guns anyways so I imagine my current builds for them haven’t changed much besides them no longer being optimal.
                    Honestly I still don’t remember what goes well against what. All I remember is build crit and status.
                        Viral, Heat, and either toxin or corrosive are still king in most cases.
                            Oh my god you're still talking about Warframe, I thought this was about Destiny and was *very confused!*
                            What about puncture, slash, impact or are those case by case depending on enemy
                                Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
                                    Ok thx
                                    Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
                                Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
                                    I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
                        last time I played was like.....4 or 5 years ago?

around the time they introduced the raids.

Off of top of my head;

magnetic + poison against corpus
Radiation/viral/corrosion against grineer
for infested it was fire I think?
                            You’re right, but sadly both Viral and Heat are the go-to elementals to use in almost all content. Viral paired with a high slash weapon to bypass armor entirely, and heat to have DoT and armor strip. Plus, both those status effect help give the main workhorse mods on melees more damage, so even on enemies that are resistant/immune to Viral/Heat they still add damage for free. 

Warframes build diversity has been very weird lately
                    Oh no, they have, a bit
                        Oh, I was under the impression they just added new mods for guns that scaled better
                As someone that just made an account a couple weeks ago, the game is mindlessly easy, yet massively addicting. There are really only three modding options for weapons - status, crit, or hybrid so once you look those up and find the mods, thats simple. The warframes have more nuanced and niche builds you can go for, but the weapons are braindead. 

The most complex part of the game is your first few times in Railjack, and eidolon fights are still a complete fuukin mystery to me, but you usually just get carried by other people.
            [deleted]
                Too many quality of life mods, like mag size, ammo reserves, reload speed, etc., and not enough damage mods like crit chance and damage.
                    Since when did you start playing WF?
                        I think I started playing around early high school? Somewhere in the 2014-2015 range. I remember when all the planets were in a ring around the navigation panel instead of a map.
                            Ohhh nice, I remember that as well since I started around that time as well. It took me a while to understand the mechanics too.
                                Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
                                    Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
            95% of warframe playtime is just figuring out how many things youve been doing wrong
            Legit took me 1,5 years to know wtf I was doing, devs are the worst at trying teaching young tenno what to do and how to do it. Online guides are 100% required to play Warframe.
                To be fair, any MMO-style game  has always required that if you want to be somewhat successful.

Well, they used to anyway. Playing New World now and kinda longing for the days of games like Anarchy Online, calculating the buffs and laddering implants and maluses so we could get high-level gear onto lvl 1 toons and have pvp competitions. Highest I think I've seen was lvl 60 gear on a lvl 1...

Are there even any games left out there with that kinda depth and complexity besides the few survivors like EVE and whatnot who are still around? anything modern? Not even sure when I last saw a game where gear wasn't level-locked
                    Implant and buff twinking in AO is amazing. Wish I still had the patience for it haha
            Took me 100 hours to learn the stats that matter are crit, multiplier and status.
            ngl when I started warframe back then I had a sense of progression, and what to do, but having tried out destiny I didn't even know how to start a game other than pvp lol, to each their own I guess
                Yea I feel like warframe is better to start and stuff rn over destiny because there’s a sense of progression and you feel like you’re accomplishing stuff. A lot of destiny until the end game, and even the end game, is just find gear, replace that gear, replace it again, replace it again, etc, until you have a high light. At least in Warframe, you’re getting various weapons and frames and stuff you can keep and can even make useful for late game (Rivens are busted).
            I quit playing when my weapons stopped working and I didn’t have any good mods to make them work again.  That game is just too unfriendly.
                Starting out it is, but once you get into it it feels great to figure out how exactly to maximize your carnage
                    Agree, that DID feel great, I’m like MR11 which yeah, may be nothing, but I did not expect to go from WMD to shooting marshmallows.   I looked into meta mods and tried to grind for them but after dozens of hours with no luck I just called it and stopped playing.
        Honestly I would love having all the content to play through myself so I'd know what the hell is going on in the lore. XD

Btw, if anybody has any good vids about the lore they could link me to, I'd greatly appreciate.
            Look for MyNameIsByf on YouTube.  He's the go to for Destiny Lore videos and he recently updated his full history of Destiny video.
                I second byf. I learned so much about the storylines and lore from his videos
                I'll check it out. Thanks
                His videos are awesome, and I love watching them... but I want to EXPERIENCE the game, or at least parts of it. It feels shitty not being able to experience the story myself.
        warframe is so fucking confusing as a new player.
            It was still confusing to me after playing hundreds of hours.
            28692650x more as a controller player.
            whats there to understand? you go there you fight hive and you punch a worm
        And i can't even imagine what the game install size would be
            Near 250gb probably for 10x the content of other 200gb games
                Well it's 88GB right now on my XSX, so it's not so far fetched indeed
                It would be cool if we could choose what we wanted to install based on DLC/campaigns. A bit like how you can choose to not install the campaign over multiplayer for certain games, that way if we wanted to we still have access to most of the old content.
                    A bit like MCC, that would be cool. Could be hard to implement though, as D2 is an MMO with an "open world" where all players have to be able to travel and run around, while in MCC all you have is a menu and you can choose exactly what you want to play.

You'd probably end up having to install every open hub map anyway, so the gain wouldn't be so huge as they are very likely to account for most of the game's size.
                        Yeah, it's bad enough that new light players have to buy expansions and a season pass to play the latest content.
                Dayum that would take me a week to dl lol
                    It took me a week and a half to DL beyond light lmao
                        Yea, I live in the country and I'm grateful for the dsl I have but sometimes it's grrrrr.
                            I was living in the country too! Now I live in an area that's considered a town but is still country so I have decent internet now. 
I can download 100+ gigs over 5 or 6 hours and thats good enough for me lol.
            Oh yeah definitely, but it would have a lot of content for a game that big. And if you can run it, then you'd be pretty happy lol
        If done right it would be really great for both new and old lights.

have the vaulted expansion/seasonal content/stories in their own section in the director and tower.

new lights once finished with the BL tutorial unlocks a new area in the tower that allows you to play old content starting with Red war, CoO and Warmind.

once you've finished Warminds story, forsaken and season of the outlaw becomes available and so on with the next seasons.

old players who were around and playing during the expansions/seasons initial releases already have accesses to everything they were around for. e.g if you played all of year 1 and 2 but skipped all of year 3 you would have full accsess to all year 1 and 2 content but only have access to Shadow keep when it gets vaulted and season of undying.

current expansions/seasons only get added when they are over/vaulted.

Give it a small story like what they did with armour synth, It could be a vex device or something that lets it's users experience the past as if they where there. allowing the current destinations map to keep evolving with the story and keep the content from pyramid shipped planets.

keep exotics that are in memorial to lost lights only available via MTLL but when you've completed the quest/activity that would originally give them now gives a discounts or after doing x number of runs/challenges in that quest/activity you get a free exchange for the related exotic.
        I started playing in Arrivals and the amount of content was overwhelming. I finished the Warmind campaign, but I don’t believe I finished any of the others. Just engaging with the seasonal content and trying to get through a couple of raids and dungeons was enough to keep me busy.

Also grinding nightfalls for the Trinity Ghoul catalyst… the week I finally had TG drop, I won’t forget. World dropped doing Altars of Sorrow, and I was so excited. Most people were talking about the catalyst dropping first of second run. I lost track of how many Garden World Hero NFs I ran hoping for the catalyst to drop.
            same but it was an awesome sort of overwhelming lol. i kind of miss it. i discovered menagerie and the weird gambit thing with the nine like three days before bl came out :(
                Gambit thing with the Nine? I didn’t know about this, I don’t think! If it’s related to the quests from Xur, I didn’t quite finish those. And now I wish I had.

I put so much time into Black Armory stuff because I thought it was so cool, and Rasputin-related stuff. I worked my butt off to get every exotic weapon or armor I could after they announced sunsetting and content vaulting. Gotta go into that mode again with Hawkmoons and DMTs. Gotta save every roll, never know what might be good and how they will be obtained afterward. They should really just put Whisper, Zero Hour, Harbinger, and Presage in the Legacy section and keep them.

It was very much a good overwhelming… until they announced they were vaulting most of it.
                    i agree 100%. dont know why they won't just do that. zero hour and whisper were so damn cool.
                    Gambit thing with The Nine was Reckoning.
        It wouldnt be so bad if certain accomplishments carried over to all characters.
        Idk,  there would be a fully cohesive story. New Lights would be introduced to the game from the very start like we were and get to experience all of the ups and downs of the story lines and character progressions, as well as the multitude of activities. I think it would actually be pretty fun especially if they still applied powerful drops to some events, where you could openly choose how you play/level up like in an MMO
        [deleted]
            I'm an absolute baby at the game and same. Partly it's that the game is very hands-off with how it guides you - which is nice in some ways, but in others... Like, for instance, I bought Forsaken and had to spend ten minutes troubleshooting before my friend mentioned the (new to me) (not pulsing to let me know I had new content) quest archive. I enjoy the game, but I'm glad I have a veteran to guide me when I get confused!
        Exactly what I was thinking.  I tried playing Warframe a few years ago and just quit after a couple hours because I had no idea what tf to do.
        As someone who tried to start Destiny 2 with my gf the other day, I can confidently say we were so underwhelmed by the maps and locations that we stopped after 2 sessions lol. 

We thought it would be an awesome sci-fi world for us to explore, we had long conversations about seeing all the planets of our solar system in a futuristic setting and how exciting it would be. 

Instead we got the earth, the moon, and a few moons or asteroids that we’d never heard of or cared about.
        This is why I didn’t / don’t play it.. loved the 1st one. Was too late to the game on #2..
        I was thankfully fortunate to have friends explain to me how to play warframe when I started
        After nearly 6k hours on Warframe, I finaly came to the conclusion that I don't know what the actual fuck I'm doing, so I decided to just keep on vibin'.
        That's like saying it's confusing what you should do in Skyrim after escaping Helgen..there's a clear main story but otherwise go do what you want and have fun, obtain new things and just mess around you can get to it all eventually you don't have to fully complete everything on a timer
        Could just put Roman numerals in order next to the launch locations of dlc or something to guide people in the correct order. Or make the timeline tab a bar at the bottom of the director of all the quest line icons in order of occurrence with the ability to launch them, or put all that within the timeline tab of the director or create a campaign tab. They could frankly create an entire new menu page for campaigns separate from the director which quest like trees or something
            That's true! Ignoring space issues, it could work with some narrative explanations and clear instructions on what order the DLCs were released.
        It's already hell for new lights lol.
    The final shape is a circle. All destiny 1 content is brought back and all destiny 2 content is vaulted.
Season 69 eh? Ah yes, season of the "redacted."
    Season of the erected
        Indeed
            :Zavala voice:
            69 upvotes, nice
        Shaxx, Hunter of Santa Claus
    Season of the Nice.
        #SEASON OF THE THICC
            Another season focused on the Bray sisters? I'm in.
    #[DATA EXPUNGED]
    "Ah yes, the "Reapers"".
        "We have dismissed those claims."
    Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
    Season of the mutual nom.
What? No Farm? How am I supposed to play soccer like this
    I miss the good old days when I was messi
        they playing soccer in my backyard
    And the ball's gone from the hangar! Every time I'm there I'm like "O, Saint! Where's my ball to?" and he's all like "Josh the Daniel!".

I don't know who Josh is, but he's a dick and I want my ball back
Probably still less of a download than your average Warzone update
    The thing that cracks me up is there are games with exponentially more playable area, zones, items, and activities than Destiny 2 could potentially have, were they to reactivate every single piece of content. By several magnitudes even.

If you *only* look at games that are crossplatform and therefore apply to Bungie's "needs to be smaller + load fast on consoles" stance, consists of games such as:

* Final Fantasy XIV 
* Elder Scrolls Online
* Warframe
* TERA Online
* Black Desert Online

If you were to include games that were exclusive to PC the list balloons to absurd numbers. Which is important to consider for people that aren't on consoles and have their experience shaped by crossplatform design.

There are *many* ways to handle large file sizes and optimize load times. Removing tons of paid content should be the last resort.
        Final fantasy XIV uses a lower texture quality and model quality meaning more things for less space

Elder Scrolls Online does the same but to less of a degree.

Warframe uses tilesets which means that most maps are mixes of one set of things drastically lowering the amount of space needed for audio, textures and the like.

Can't say anything about TERA and BDO because I haven't played them. But the general statement is the same, you can't compare them because the games are built different from each other.

And even with the smaller size destiny is going for the load times on console are horrendous in most cases.

We are also not talking about balancing and making sure nothing breaks in the game which is another reason bungie wants to lower the size of destiny as it would be really inefficient to constantly have to recheck old content to make sure it works with never updates.
            >We are also not talking about balancing and making sure nothing breaks in the game which is another reason bungie wants to lower the size of destiny as it would be really inefficient to constantly have to recheck old content to make sure it works with never updates.

This is all that needs to be said. It's not about making the game smaller. It's about making the game easier to produce content for. They literally can't make content how they want with all the past years of destiny clogging up their production.
                Yeah, imagine waiting another month or 2 for beyond light because stasis bugged on maps from the red war campaign.
                    Yep. And that month or two doesn't even add any content either. It just ensures that the new stuff works in old content that people aren't really playing much anyways.
        Well destiny wasn’t originally made like warframe and other mmo/rpg type games. It wasn’t really even meant to last more than 2 years without seasonal content, let alone 4 with the seasons
            Which is why they should've launched Destiny 3 on a similar timeframe as their transition from D1 to D2, instead of making D2 an infinite game as a service.

Then D3 could be designed from the ground up with PC in mind, rather than an afterthought. While implementing systems that could translate to all platforms instead of hindering all new generations and PC.

Their desire to be crossplay/crossplatform, coupled with PC being a port is what has inevitably lead to so much frustration with the size, load times, and general design of the game. I think crossplay is the future of gaming. But if a studio can't pull it off well and the product suffers as a result, they need to reassess their approach. Bungie is struggling to figure out that balance.

I own the game on Xbox One, PS4, PS5 and PC. I have friends on all four platforms. I *want* to play with them all. I also want the game to not get kneecapped due to older generations. It's a tough situation.
                Yeah they definitely *should* have but once they split from activision they neither had the time nor resources to essentially build the game from the ground up at the very least if they did they’d have a template to work from but it’d still be a mountain of work. I’m sure they want to but can’t justify using the resources at the moment. Surely with light fall or the final shape they’d have an engine overhaul so when service for this game ends it has everything it ever had
                    There’s another saga in d2 after lightfall. D2 will be around until 2027 most likely
        [removed]
            > No other game that I know of has as many perks, abilities, classes and synergistic interactions as Destiny, the sheer number of different situations is a lot.

Every major MOBA in the world absolutely dwarfs Destiny 2 in terms of unique interactions. It's not even remotely close. 

DOTA 2 for example has 121 different Heroes with **at least** 5 abilities on average, on top of 8 talents as well. Now multiply that by the 200+ unique items they can wield to alter their abilities or class. Trying to figure out how these interact and most importantly **overlap** is a Herculean task.

It's also a continuous PvPvE game which means they have to check for both aspects are congruous, unlike D2 that (aside from Gambit) has both facts existing in a contained bubble.

Most of Destiny 2's mods and perks are simplistic stat values or redundant due to affinities. Aside from exotic perks and seasonal/raid mods, it isn't extensive at all. The exotic armor perks are also unique to a class and typically even a specific subclass and/or ability. Which is even less rigorous.

This says nothing of MMO's which can have upwards of 100+ abilities per class, potentially dozens of classes, and far more enemy types, weapon procs, and so on. The scale and depth of those games are on a completely different level.

The TL;DR is this: there are games with many magnitudes more unique interactions that don't simply throw their hands up and delete content on a constant basis.
                [removed]
        It’s also that the engine used for D2 is unwieldy, clunky, and frankly horrifically optimized. Small tweaks take extensive time according to current and past developers. Comparing games like Warframe and FFXIV that use their own engines and can optimize by chopping things into repeated pieces isn’t fair and while you can blame Bungie for using the engine they did that’s an entirely different discussion. 

It’s also that the incredibly large file size is causing an issue for the older console generations that still support D2. You could say to stop supporting those consoles but then you’d frustrate those players. 

I don’t like the vaulting of content as much as any other person. But you cannot tell me they didn’t think about other solutions before ending on this.
            > But you cannot tell me they didn’t think about other solutions before ending on this.

I think they absolutely thought of options. I also think they went with the path of least resistance, rather than one that would be the best option for the players and content owners. 

If this is the literal best option for *everyone involved*, then they have royally screwed up somewhere.
        Yeah rather than sunsetting presage and harbinger I think they should make them into optional downloads and stick them in the legends tab. Same thing with zero hour and whisper. If you don’t want to play them? Great, don’t download them. But if you wanna drown in the deep go for it!
        >There are many ways to handle large file sizes and optimize load times.

It's called having the game optimized to be worked on for 10+ years. Something that Destiny isn't.
Nice post slugger
    I'll see you in the crucible, little titan boy.
        Did someone call for me?
        You’ll be considered 4ft when I shoot your kneecaps, little hunter boy.

Actually
        Shatterdive is for skilled players little titan boy. I’ll see you in the crucible
    Truly a *swing and miss* moment...
        acshually this would be a swing and a hit. this here slugger has shown no FOMO (puke shit) present in this here directory. he definitely makes weapons out of enemy 😂 rip cayde 😔
            Smh Bulgaria hired you to comment FOMO. You obviously haven't seen my galhran cosplay
                how dare you stand where u/toesucker_420 stood
    r/destinycirclejerk time
Comes with 10 hour loading screen
    dont forget all of the 16 frames while in menu
    And only a 900gb download!
        It'd be like a couple hundred max.
            You're clearly forgetting that before they did vaulting the game was already pushing 140Gb. When the game got vaulted we lost IO, Titan, Mars and a few activites. Add that stuff by itself back in and you're hitting 200Gb. Now add in Mercury, D1 Mars, Saturn, the rest of the Cosmodrome, the Plaguelands, and the new expansion and it would easily tip 300, probably closer to 400Gb.
        [deleted]
            The problem is that even with old content, Bungie has to update it to keep it current. New concepts get added to the game all the time. New abilities, new effects, and new ways to break the game. Simply adding Stasis and the ability to create crystals broke SO many maps in the game that they had to recreate many kill-planes on the maps to kill some OOB routes.

Basically, any time something new gets added, it needs to be tested in pretty much every activity and every location to make sure it works as intended. Which normally isn't difficult, but when you have as much content as Destiny 2 has, that's a LOT of man-hours put into testing and troubleshooting that could be better spent toward new development. Which is part of the reason why Bungie is removing swaths of the game; so that it's a narrower focal point for their teams to work on and ensure that everything gets polished.
        Honestly I’d take a 900 gig file to have all this content. Not like most of us don’t have the space. Rip a lot of console users unless they use an external drive.
            Lol I was gonna say- this gen of consoles wouldn’t even be able to fit the game.
            Just uninstall CoD and you should have at least 900gb
                Ps4 without external storage only stores 500ish

But really I deleted war zone from my ps4 yesterday, not even cod, WARZONE took up 93 gigabytes, it’s really dumb
                    Warzone is the greatest case in favor of Vaulting I can think of.   


It's got the same weapon creep that Destiny was trying to avoid.  
You have essentialy one map, made of nearly the same palette of models, and trillion guns from like 4 games worth of shooters.  


90 gigs easy.
                    PS4 had frame issues with Siege Engine in D1. Same thing happens when Wyverns spawn in VoG. There's no chance in hell that this would run properly on a PS4 regardless of space.
    mandatory to run on stadia or xcloud
        GeForce Now would probably be the only way to get enough VRAM for that 8k16fps.
    worth it
    it doesn't have to be though
    No SSD? Poor Internet?
  
I've never had any load time issues and this amount of content would be worth it.

(especially since you know... I paid for this content)
    You guys blow the loading screens out of proportion.
        Why does the existence of titan make the loading screen for the moon longer? They’re completely separate instances
Imagine all the mission markers 😅 

Poor people w ocd lol
    [deleted]
        I thought I was the only one.. God I wish the drifter would just cough it up or shut up already, why is he blinking!?
            I haven't played in over a year and just returned.  Suraya Hawthorne was endlessly blinking when I quit, and she's still endlessly blinking.  The Drifter has recently joined her little cult of harassment.
        Are you sure it's not the Prisms and you are full of them so they look grey when you go in but if you hover over them it will say no space? I had this issue for a while.
            Pretty sure.  I've hovered over everything and they all say "Requires _something_ rank"  I'm pretty low on prisms and all that stuff, I use them way too freely.
                Have you collected your truth and other things for resetting your rank from the items on the second page?
        Someone did the Drifter weekly . It bugs out as soon as you completed 8 bounties from him, even if you collect your engram and bright dust + it keeps blinking until weekly reset.
It's sooo annoying
    OCD? It's us ADHD folks I'd be concerned about. Just hundreds of half finished quests and markers everywhere. Basically Skyrim in space.
        Yeah that’s why no other rpg is interesting for me. I get overwhelmed and then drop it forever lol 😂 I’ve had Skyrim and ESO for so long thinking I could get into it, nope
            I've bought Skyrim on 3 different platforms, started and gotten to approximately level 22-25, then inevitably I go explore for a bout 5 hours, forget what I was doing, and drop it.
Alright I know this is a meme but I'd be very interested in someone creating a version of the Destiny locations thing with everything in it.

IMO I think we'd have two seperate catagories of "outer worlds" and "inner worlds" and things like levithan would still be in nessus orbit.

Things like legends, vangaurd playlist, tower, etc, would all be in the middle.
    It would probably make your laser-cooled RTX 4200 shit bricks to get today’s loading times though.

You’d queue up Crucible before bed to have a game ready for lunch break.

Telesto would fuckin’ cower in the presence of the eldrich glitches and bugs that would be spawned.
        Oh I'm not actually advocating for it, I just want an artist to make a hypothetical mock up (I'll probably do it myself honestly).

Personally I'm a big supporter of Destiny have dedicated "DCV Slots" where old planets or content can cycle in and out constantly, either seasonally or annually (I think two "planet" slots would make this possible, one for season/year story and content stuff and one just for fun)
            That sounds reasonable, with the Legends tab already here and all.

Though I honestly just wanted an oppotrunity to let some funny quips out.
            I wish they would actually do that... it seems like besides a couple of strikes and a raid from D1, they are just putting stuff into the vault instead of taking things about again...

Plus there is the whole in-universe explanation for where all the planets went... I don't think locations are going to come back, unless they are massively changed
                You do have to account for all the brand new things being added, though, which I honestly prefer over old things being re-added
        What? Why would more content increase loading times? You're still only loading one area at a time.
             Ungie bungie conditioned its fan base as such so they will obey and won’t ask questions why their paid content is removed
        How does havin more content make load times slower? Having a hard time following…
            Mostly people not understanding how games are made. No game tries to access all of the content at once, it'll just load whatever is called in the moment. Not sure why folks think more content would increase load times...
        Not it wont
            **TELESTO WILL COWER IN FEAR FROM THE GLITCHES MANIFESTED**
                Telesto cowers from no one
                    They say that there is a first time for everything, you know?

Though I would love to see Telesto combine forces with the greate spaghetti code monster.
        you must work for Bungie because this demonstrates a clear misunderstanding of how it actually works
        This makes no sense.
        If it was client hosted it wouldn't be to bad.
Maybe it's nostalgia, but I really miss Oryx's ship over Saturn.
Holy shit I just creamed
    [You](https://i.imgur.com/QJqxZdG.png)
        It seems that your comment contains 1 or more links that are hard to tap for mobile users. 
I will extend those so they're easier for our sausage fingers to click!


[Here is link number 1 - Previous text "You"](https://i.imgur.com/QJqxZdG.png)



----
^Please ^PM ^[\/u\/eganwall](http://reddit.com/user/eganwall) ^with ^issues ^or ^feedback! ^| ^[Code](https://github.com/eganwall/FatFingerHelperBot) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=FatFingerHelperBot&subject=delete&message=delete%20hg7sybx)
            i am not fat i just have big hands fuck you
                [.](https://youtu.be/OqjF7HKSaaI)
                    Fuck you I can't even press that
            Good bot
            Good bot
    As someone who just discovered and fell in love with this game a year ago  I would gladly pay hundreds of dollars for all this content
at this point it looks like a clusterfck
    Or like a mobile game
    It's intended too. Tons of sub menu things are in the main world menu. Like all the Crucible modes.
I miss mars man
    I have a real good memory of messing around on Mars a few weeks after D1 came out, went up to a cabal dude, gave him a good punch and somehow I got launched halfway across the map.

I miss D1 Mars for that memory alone.
    In the Valley of the Kings where the entrance to the Black Garden is you can look over the cliff and see a lone Vex Tower miles away sitting in the middle of the desert. 

When D1 started to wind down and everything had been done, I liked to go to that area sit at the edge of the cliff and imagine how cool it would be to jump off the cliff, summon my sparrow and GO SEE what was up with that funky Vex Tower.
Sunrise but it’s just Devrim Kay as every destination vendor selling boreal char shader
This is pretty much what 50% of the Destiny community wants lmao.
    I mean it would be cool, but I don’t want to start it up a day before I play for everything to load.
        Please explain to me in excruciating detail why it would take longer to load and why it would not be possible to have load times stay quite exactly how they are and were before dcv if one assumes somewhat competent developers

man it sucks so much that this wonderful game just got torn to fucking pieces and people are even defending this shit
        Well season 69 would be in what, 15 years from now? I'm sure PC's and consoles will be powerful enough by then to easily handle a game of this size.
    im part of that 50 percent, im a big backer of using steams dlc portion that has allowed countless other games to pick and choose what parts of a game you want installed.

&#x200B;

also to the co commenter the loading times really would not increase at all
I’d rather have this than the 400gb of my SSD being consumed by warzone lmao
400gb and 25 hour loading
    Only 25 hours? Do you have a nvidia rtx 7090 or something?
        Look even with that you only get 16 fps
        There are some serious misconceptions about video cards in this thread.
            I have to assume they are kidding when they associate load times with GPU performance... Nobody is that uninformed right? Right?!
                Well, some are. I was just making a joke though, and saying "you must have a 20gb/sec ssd and a i21 500 g
Thz " doesn't work as well (mightve butchered that, not well versed in processors)
    That's not how that works, that's not how any of this works.
I’m glad the DCV exists so I don’t get cataracts looking at this shit
I miss some of the locations honestly. But not this. Definitely not this.
    The actual/smart answer would be to move them to "Legends", but this image is also meant as hyperbole, since some of this stuff was removed from sub-menus (like Crucible/Iron Banner/Trials).
If they actually manage to do this one day I’d be overwhelmingly impressed
I hate how much I like this

Edit: just realised sunrise is the opposite of sunset LMAO
It's an absolute mess... I love it and I want it.
I dont care about the size of it if i woke up one morning and found this i would be happy.
Almost as much to do as Warframes galaxy map.
    To be fair, some planets in Warframe are kinda boring and get repetitive too quickly. Not talking about Jupiter, Kuva, Fortress, Lua, the Void, the Corpus ships, Fortuna and Eidolon tho, those are fire.
I'd fuckin kill for that.
    Well, you'd kill your pc/console with that...
        Console yes but I feel like most PCs can handle the file size, SSDs are pretty inexpensive these days. The loading time wouldn't really be affected since zones are loaded on demand anyway.
            Servers though... and the engine would shit itself
            this, the game shouldnt run too different in any regards escpescially if you have an ssd. its not like the amount of locations change the loading times for a single location or anything. i also feel like the servers as long as they have enough space to contain all the locations  there shouldnt even be too big of an issue as its all instance based.
        PCs needing to get upgrades over the years is nothing unusual and current gen consoles aren't that obscenely far from being able to handle that. i would not be surprised if next gen was capable of running comparable stuff. And it's only a matter of time (hopefully short) before older consoles stop being supported.

nobody can seriously expect a pc/console from 2017 to be able to run Destiny circa Final Shape, right?
            i mean you’re right but with how expensive stuff is now and with the scalping issue taking place, not a lot of people have new gen consoles or pc’s that can handle that type of stuff. i was lucky to get a 1650 for the price of a stock ps4
            Fair. Was mostly joking though. But while pcs and consoles should be able to handle that, I doubt the engine will
I just want the leviathan back is that too much to ask Bungo , Calus's toes ring , the plate in the circus... So much memories
    >leviathan

Man I miss the Leviathan.
Maybe one day guardians.
I want this
Destiny 2: DCV Breakout
Don’t forget both versions of Mars!
The bugs would be through the roof.
So many things to do you need three cursors apparently
[deleted]
It would take me atleast an hour instead of 20 minutes to run through my daily bounties. Smh
    Probably be done with the season pass levelling in about a week or two.
        EZ 😤
It's a 3d game, they could make the planet rotate around a star for the UI and we could have all of them in the game..
Dont do that, dont give me hope
I don’t care how cluttered that looks. *I want it!* 

Or please bring back the Leviathan. Haters gonna hate, but thise raids were fun/beautiful/ and imo best intro raids for new learners that dont have to be LW length
    VOG is a really good first time raiding experience for new learners
    I have post traumatic disorder from those dogs.
I want this on unironically, someday
Nice.
    Nice.
Oh it’s beautiful
I still don't understand why we can't have an optional download for the single-player campaign missions and locations. It wouldn't have to be loaded in all the time by any means.
    > an optional download for the single-player campaign missions and locations

Because then they'd have to keep fixing, updating, and maintaining old content, and *that* was the main reason behind content cutdowns.

The only way this'd work is if each "campaign" featured a small, hand-picked selection of gear to use in its particular bubble, and nothing else. I'd be down for that, honestly.
    [deleted]
    They could make a non-live game with just the campaign stuff. No other activities. It would only support coop for 3 players, peer to peer.

Every expansion it gets the campaign being vaulted. I am sure lot of new people would buy that.
    Because it would still on bungies engine. The main reason for the DCV is that they can’t maintain all that content with how slow the engine would run. They would still have to maintain it.
ngl I would give every byte of data on my system and extended storage for this.
Honestly I don't see the point in adding content that you can still play in D1, but I'd love to get back all the removed content from D2 that is totally removed from existence.
    I agree, although I guess the argument could be made d1 was not on PC
    > Honestly I don't see the point in adding content that you can still play in D1

Because some of us don't have D1?
I like looking at this
Its beautiful
Why is Titan at the opposite end of the screen from Saturn
    Punishment
        Why is the Almightly still there even after Season of the Worthy
Only if it would be real....
This is the way.
NGL maybe it was a good idea to sunset stuff LOL this clutter is insane.
Europa? Bigger than venus? Huh, interesting take.
    Maybe not bigger, but Closer (nine inch nails 1994)
“Season 69” 😏
How about a weekly or monthly cycle?

Like one sunset planet comes back per week for patrols and open world events etc.
    it would take them over a year just to update the old stuff to be compatible and i for one would NOT want them to take away dev time from NEW stuff to be able to make old stuff compatible
My school notebook when I find stickers
Can we have have this?
    not without the dev time being taken away from new content
        Hahah
            you laugh but its true. it took them 6 months to bring back 80% of the cosmodrome, it would take them years to bring back the rest of it
                Yea it would
This explains why sunsetting is a thing better than any explanation I’ve heard so far
    how about a more thought out less cluttered menu design
can't be that fucking hard
On a serious note: I’d rather see them take small, self-contained missions like harbinger, presage, zero hour, and whisper and make them into optional downloadable content and stick them in the legends tab. If you don’t want them, don’t download them. But if you want to drown in the deep then you can go for it.
If this ain't an argument for sunsetting I don't know what is
I dream of getting to explore the dreadnaught again
I want this to happen so badly!
I wouldn’t hate this, I would enjoy it
I get that vaulting make adding new content way easier, but i still clong to my pipe dream of bungie adding sunset content back in after the final dlc is done. One of my biggest likes in this game is the story. If they add it all back, ill finally be able to do a playthrough of the full story. Starting in d1, transitioning into d2. No cutscene skipping, no loot chasing, just pure story immersion.
Is that content? Haven’t seen it in years...
Can't they rotate this monthly? Maybe even with the half season patches so we cycle through old content :(
The only one I genuinely miss is the Dreadnaught. The Taken King was my shit.
You created your own perfect fantasy world...and you left Gambit in it? SMH.
They sunset ever verse for this
Everytime they vault something, I feel like I should be getting a credit back for the DLC I paid to OWN.
I miss Titan and Mars…I’d start playing again and maybe even pay for it
Being able to play the content I paid full game price for? What a revolutionary idea, someone should tell Bungie
how the people who want bungie to bring back everything they vaulted want the game to look like:
I hate this, fuck you.
This is a perfect example as to why things need to go away 😂 imagine a new dlc comes out and every planets got a marker on it for a quest....
    I think things should come in cycles honestly. Like we have a dedicated "DCV Planet" area that either changes seasonally or yearly to whatever planet they feel would best fit the game for that time, be it for a quest, mission, whatever
        Like a rotating planet that changes seasonally semi annually. Let’s cycle out content that’s 3+ years old that isn’t even used anymore (cough cough Nessus) and add in new content. Tangled shore is a perfect example of this. Nobody goes there except for glimmer so why not get rid of it for new content.
            Exactly. We already are having old content come in and Destiny is effectively transitioning fully into an evolving live game, but if Bungie shows that old content can and will come back regularly it will sell people on the DCV.

Imagine for some seasonal/yearly stuff we need to go back to the dreadnaught? Okay we go back and then if by the end of the year its not relevent it goes back in. Then for the next year D2 Mars comes back becuase thats a year based around getting Rasputin hooked up? Based we do that.

IMO I think two dedicated slots would be good, the idea would be to have one that rotates for fun and another that rotates for more story implications, at least most of the time.

So if you have one for a season it'll stay for the year while the other one can maybe change halfway through the year or seasonally.

&#x200B;

Overall this would further defines "years" in Destiny. 

"Oh, you remember Year 6 when Prison of Elders came back with the new Tangled Shore? That was awesome!"

"Oh man you totally missed out on not playing Year 7 when the dreadnaught came back but with Xivu Araths warriors taking over everything!"
                I agree 100% but we know the destiny community is far from smart so they’d never accept this bc “my money 😠”
                    true but tbh I think it would sell people on it. People only think they are getting scammed due to Destiny 2 not really shipping as a live game (in that sense) but if people are confident the planets and such they paid for will return at some point possibly updated it'll be fine.
                        People think they're getting scammed because they're getting rid of things that we paid for.
                            I agree, so they should show thats not happening by making it a cycle of content in which the content that was bought that was believed to be permanent comes back in cycles.
        In theory that’s how the DCV works. It’s a cycle. Something comes out, something else comes in. At one point or another the content removed (or, at least some of them) will be reintroduced in D2 and other contents will be vaulted. Right now we’re only seeing D1 stuff (which are part of the Vault as well), but sometimes in the future (already in TWQ, even if just for a couple of maps) we’ll see D2 contents reintroduced in the game...
        that would take an insane amount of time and dev work just to get set up and maintained. personally i'd rather they continue comitting time to new stuff (mostly) instead of slaving away at making every piece of old content compatible with the game today
    Imagine not thinking a UI designer could solve this.
        Exactly. This meme is trying to make this situation look bad. But realistically, a UI designer would have this shit clean and smooth looking.
    Have the planets mostly progression based with some replayability and just make sure to delete or complete quests and it won't be cluttered. Simple.
    I fail to see a problem with that.
Honestly, something like this would be possible if Bungie went the route of the Master Chief Collection that’s on pc. Let us choose what parts of the game we wish to download. We can avoid playing parts of the game we don’t care about, have access to every part of the game we want, and it solves their supposed issue of “We’re doing this because the game is too big and people need space”. It allows us to download which sections of the game we care about and ignore what we don’t - then vaulting is no longer an issue. Mind you, I know it’s not as simple for them as clicking a button and saying “Lol fixed” but it’s just my opinion for what we could have.
    theyd have to make sure every new update doesnt break something with these older systems and regardless of the selectable purchase system theyd need to put dev time into testing literally everything, personally i much rather prefer a leaner game thats easier to maintain and, not to mention, theyd have to likely completely re-do all of the destinations that left to make them compatible with the current game which is probably more dev time.
I’ll sunset myself.
I miss venus
I miss Io
Going into D2, this is pretty much how I expected the map to look 😂
Also comes with THREE cursors! Hell yeah
Season of the Nice.
Thanks I hate it
Trying to get to IO on an Xbox controller would get annoying really quick
In a perfect world this shitty ui would be playable
If trials was not in the pic i would have started crying . BUNGIE YOU DUMB ASS BRING ALL OF THEM BACK NOW
POV: you accidentally started leviathan raid instead of going to Io because to miss clicked
Legit, I'd get a hard drive just for D2 if they'd let me have all of it at once.
Mars, I want both D1 and D2 areas.
Want.
Okay, but yes this should absolutely be what I see with final shape
Looking at this I can kinda see why Bungie went ahead with Vaulting. This looks impossible to manage.
This is a dream
Cosmodrome is flat, flat earth theory confirmed
I can just smell my computer burning from just looking at that.
I can hear the collective cries of every computer cooling fan after seeing this images lmao
Destiny if disk space was infinite basically
About 300+ GB and load times are about 10 minutes.

Also if you load it on a previous gen console it WILL explode.
Just gimme back Leviathan so I can get the shaders and I'll be happy lol
The best timeline
Ah yes, I too desire a 2 hour load screen.
All those destinations and the cursor is still over menagerie 😪 RIP
Its beautifully chaotic
Missing the dragon strikes and related categories before it was sunset as well
16 fps xD
And somehow still the same PVP maps.
Need to expand the vanguard and crucible nodes and let everything out: strikes, heroic strikes, nightfalls, clash, rumble, rift, elimination, skirmish, supremacy lmao
I’m still keeping my fingers crossed that the last thing bungie does before ending support of destiny 2 is basically this.
Unvault everything, every raid, every strike, every activity, every planet, etc
~~God~~ *Bungie* knew I'd be too powerful with ~~an attention span~~ *The Recluse*
Where’s felwinters peak??
MY HARD-DRIVE!!
Been thinking that before destiny 2’s support ends Bungie should just unsunset every location so that players are able to start the game at Red War, and play all the way through content wise to The Final Shape. They should just leave it as that and not touch it
Only 500gb
I’d love this, but it may be overwhelming for New Lights, but STILL THIS LOOKS DOPE, having everything all at once, I’d never be bored
If. Only.

Also, *nice.*
Bungo do this right now for next gen because the game can handle it on next gen
And we still haven’t figured out what’s on Eceledus
Dang, as a New Light I've really missed a lot, haven't I.
I think the menu looks cool with more planets. It the playlist icons that kill it
I wouldn’t mind upgrading to a bigger SSD if I could still have all of these, if bungo could optimize effectively that is.
Anyone else miss the old Destiny 1 director, where the planets were actually tiered, relative to their distance from the sun? That was cool… this jumble is great but it’s confusing to look at
Man this be amazing
This ui is giving me anxiety, no thanks lmao
Can’t wait to do the trick or treating quest
Too much and you’d never find a raid team as people be too stretched in all of its activities
It's beautiful...
Not gonna lie. I would love this. It would be much more fun for me to have more places to explore. I'm disappointed that they're vaulting tangled shore, one less place to fuck around in. Hopefully they add another planet, new or old I don't care.
I'd love this
Warframe lookin’ ass
My laptop would explode
Good lord that would be one hell of a cluster fuck for the UI department. All that info needing to be cleanly placed on a 16:9 aspect ratio would be terrifying. Would be awesome to have all of it though.
All I have to say is

69 funny number
    Nice!
i want this
This would be way too overwhelming.
I'd love if they integrated everything from d1, I tried to go back but the difference in mechanics made it too hard. I also didn't get to compete the raids starting with Kings Fall
Honestly as someone new-ish (last Christmas) to the game, I would love this. There’s so much stuff I’ve missed that I’d love to play
That looks way over-crowded
Where's gambit prime?
Where is Phobos
Is it me or did they leave out Phobos?  Missing out on a quality couple missions.
File size: ♾️
Funny, they delete content way to fast/often for there to be this much in the game at one time.
That's the season of the nice
wHy woUlD tHEy sUNseT cOnTEnt aND noT JuST KeEP aDdiNg stuFF?
I’d be more than happy with this, variation in content would be nice even for people who aren’t hardcore.

If warzone can demand over 100gb for a BR game mode we can have a 100gb+ destiny 2 experience. 

MMO’s are constantly being updated and adding content - why cut half the game for PS4 and xbone players. Let them have the water down experience
This makes me sadge
Flat cosmodrome theorist?
nice
Gibe it to me
As nice as this would be, it would be a lot.
Yep. I am officially way to far behind to even attempt to play this game. Note: not for casual players.
I feel like at the end of the Destiny story, when there’s no more updates and they finish production, this is the sort of thing I want. Obviously I’m not expecting it to be as muddled as this, but even just a legends icon or another icon that lets you go back and play the old campaigns, go to the old destinations, do the raids etc. I’m not expecting it to happen, but it would be a fun way of ending it and letting everyone just play around in the sandbox
I’d throw my ps4 off a cliff if I saw this. Way too much stuff no thx lol
Super Destiny 2 Ultimate: Everywhere is Here!
What bout the farm
what is this cluster fuck? lolz
This would be awesome to me. Being able to explore the entire system on which guardians have reach. Being able to get lore at your own pace and figure stuff out. All the daily quest in each section
LFG: looking for a team to do yes. Mic optional.
20+ places to do bounties in, and usually around only 3 relevant for actual content.

I hope this does happen at some point though. Maybe when D2 is finally at its limit and D3 is a necessity because Bungie may want to do true open world, choose your own path, etc. In that case they'd need to seriously re format the D2 map. I think a map like this would be perfect

[https://pixels.com/featured/diagram-of-solar-system-ikon-ikon-images.html](https://pixels.com/featured/diagram-of-solar-system-ikon-ikon-images.html)   


and be extremely clean and pleasing to use and not to mention not cluttered. Dual locations like EDZ and cosmodrome, and plaguelands if they did that, could all live in Earth. Meridian Bay and the Hellas Basin both on mars. Titan/Io/Europa could live in their planet's bubbles, saturn and jupiter respectively and the dreadnought in the saturn menu. Obviously would need to add an asteroid belt for the reef and DC but thats pretty easy. Nessus could hold all the leviathan stuff like it used to. And of course they'd likely re-do the art of each planet in Bungie art style.
Half of this stuff isn’t even sunrised lol. And why tf is the vanguard thing in there for strikes/nightfalls😂
All I care about is titan being back
"Storage Requirements: 1TB"
What the game would look like if it took up 300 GBs of space
Daaaaamn
Everything we paid for what a dream
Season 69. Nice.
Even the Traveler is a destination!
Well this might be possible, heres how it would go:

1.Hijack a Vex Mind with splicer tech 

2. We remake the Infinite Forest with hijacked Vex

3.Get Osiris to make a new sundial

4. Send a guardian to before the red war and stop the the cage of traveler from being used 

thats it
I miss Titan and Saturn
I am acc all for this. Bring on the content bomb
This image is so stupid for so many reasons I dont want to get into but no, this is not how this would look if we didn't have the vault
Titan should be next to the dreadnaught as it is a moon of Saturn
I legit havent played for around a year, just hopped back on today and have no idea whats going on. Also apparently they're vaulting the forsaken DLC?
Give me my scourge of the past back.
I don’t care if it takes up 500 GB on my hard drive. I’d kill for this.
20 more dlcs to go
imagine if that looked like it really...
Every console and PC would blow up when that update launches lol.
I would honestly be happy with that I wouldn't even care if it took up more space than warzone
This is the dumbest shit I’ve ever seen and I love it.
What is this abomination...
“THIS IS DISGUSTING”
Lawd I so wish
God I wish.
Oh my god this looks horrible no offense
    I think that's the joke
It has so much content, your FPS dropped to 16!
my god, this is some ~~hellish~~ top notch ui design. bongolongo should hire you
One day qwq
250 GB be like
Where’s the globe for the Ramen Shop????
Its the only thing missing, lol.
Why is Saturn at the other side of the map from Titan?
"this game is great i'm going to look at the Map to see where i Can continue the campaign And, HOLY TRAVELER"
BUNGIE THERES NOTHING TO SO IM BORED!!!

day 1
That Iron Banner planet, though.
What a wonderful thought
If only. They'd probably vault 2/3rds of it in a few seasons.
I haven't played since Osiris, and just returned. Da fuck is going on XD
I would honestly love this so much. This would be so cool to have one day.
the game like this would be like 100gb but its worth it
    Game was almost 100 before beyond light, try like 250
Saturn is actually a cool idea
d2:sunrise:wow edition:you wanted everything , here is everything plus phased versions of things!
ah, Venus. just as beautiful as the day I lost you
TIHI
All I want is the dreadnaught bro
I fucking wish this was it.

If it ended up being a terabyte, I'd delete every damn game I own just to make sure it fit.

This deserves some platinum.
Is the plague lands there?
Destiny 2: Warframe
Destiny 2: Warframe
Remember kids, Bungie doesn’t care about file size, they just want you to buy more DLC
this would be a cluster fuck of a design lmao i rather have it organized how it is right  now and slowly take stuff away to bring new shit in tbh.
someone hasnt done shadowkeep
This is why I am ok with the sunsetting of content. I don't want it to end up looking like Warframe, and it's actually better for new players in that way. I have tried to get into Warframe and, honestly, it is so difficult to get started and play because there is so so so much and it is so overwhelming.
I need to get out more! All I see when I look at this is crypto hahahaha
NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN 😡
All I know is I don't want to be one of the developers responsible for making that physically possible
Phobos?
Every update is 500gb
I’ll delete everything on my PC for this
One day
In the distant future where destiny is a 1.5 terabytes download and 70 percent of the content gives useless rewards. Gods perfect destiny
I'd still complain about having nothing to do.
Love the return of the pursuits tab as well. It’s all coming back...
Just reminds you how much they've taken out of the game.
I started playing destiny 2, 2 years ago, and i had been playing destiny 1 since release but on my ps3, didnt have a pc at the time. I legit thought all the destiny 1 content was gonna be in destiny 2, was overwhelmed by how amazing the new places were and the excited, i left for a few months, came back GONE. All of it lol
When they sunset the dcv
Oh great, now the game is like 400GB or something.
I sure am glad Destiny doesn't look like that
Blessed timeline.
Based.
Just give me back Venus and the Tangled Shore, I'd be so happy. By far the prettiest maps imo.
I play on stadia. Idc if the games 20TB :D 
I understand the sunsetting stuff but it's just sad to miss great stuff like the red war etc.
I fucking wish…
Destiny 2: Fuck your computer’s storage
D2: time machine   
honestly i wish i was around to play this, imagine exploring that many places. yes my pc would go kil but a small price to pay.   
also wth is that thing on the top middle of the screen
I’m gonna be so confused if I ever come back to this game…
also adds 2 more cursors
WHERE IS THE FARM
Petition to actually do this
I miss it so bad :(
Id buy it
Woah, Mercury is partially blown up?
The absolute dream
The best season
People can't be trusted to figure out what they SHOULD be playing.
I would get so hyped up about a remastered Dreadnaught/King's Fall.
 Gonna require 500gb space and 2 days to load into the game
    500 gb with contenr 10x more than games with 200 gb
Listen if this handled really well just like warframe does. I'll play this every single day of my life
    Don't take this the wrong way, but how does Warframe handle this "really well"? I'm curious because I have the opposite opinion.
I'm also not saying Destiny has the upper hand.
        In warframe you can travel to all the planets in the solar system, it looks more organized than this tho.
        In order to find the map you have to do you first zoom in on the planet in the solarsystem, then you have to find a node on that map. If you don't remember where a specific thing is you have to google it first because finding the right node is a pain in the ass.
I’m not gonna lie, I don’t think this looks all that bad. If you ever play war frame for the first time, nowadays at least, it looks a lot like this, just sensory overload. So I’ve probably just adjusted to the mess of icons on my screen already. 

Before anybody says anything, I know why sun setting is needed but if it was possible to keep all of our content without taking up 900gb worth of space and 3 days to load, I really wouldn’t mind this. Maybe someday…
They better do this
Yes please!
Yes please
i need it.
Don't do it, don't give me hope
I unironically want this much content in the game idc if its 120 gbs
If destiny has these many things to do and explore i'll play again.
If bungie knew how to actually make mmos
This would be fun. Always something to do and explore.
    It would melt your console or pc lol
    except for those of us who have played all this content and want to do something new. Maybe do a few bounties or patrols. A raid that came out 6 or 7 years ago. Thats all the content you would get. Not much to explore either for anyone whos done it already too
    Y'all would find a way to complain that there's nothing to do anyways lmao
        Lmao so true! 🤣
Thanks, my series S has already caught on fire
I'm suddenly very very happy that the DSV and Destiny 2 are a thing.
    Deep Stone Vault?
Destiny Sauce Vault?
Donde Salsa Vicente?
This is vile tbh
Ngl having all that content would be awesome! For us. But it would also be hell for new lights like how overwhelming as shit Warframe is.

Edit: a great solution to new player confusion imo (that could even be used now) would be to:
1. Expand the Timeline window. 
2. Allow you to start campaigns and seasonal quests from said window.
3. Clearly guide new players to the window when they are taken to orbit.
4. Abandon the shitty quest archive vendor, or turn it into an exotic quest vendor for legacy exotics.
    Hey, it only took me like 5 years to figure out I was modding my weapons wrong.
        I mean, most important mods got massively changed a couple months back, so you might wanna take another look at them.
            Yeah I haven’t played since then. I mainly used my guns anyways so I imagine my current builds for them haven’t changed much besides them no longer being optimal.
                Honestly I still don’t remember what goes well against what. All I remember is build crit and status.
                    Viral, Heat, and either toxin or corrosive are still king in most cases.
                        Oh my god you're still talking about Warframe, I thought this was about Destiny and was *very confused!*
                        What about puncture, slash, impact or are those case by case depending on enemy
                            Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
                                Ok thx
                                Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
                            Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
                                I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
                    last time I played was like.....4 or 5 years ago?

around the time they introduced the raids.

Off of top of my head;

magnetic + poison against corpus
Radiation/viral/corrosion against grineer
for infested it was fire I think?
                        You’re right, but sadly both Viral and Heat are the go-to elementals to use in almost all content. Viral paired with a high slash weapon to bypass armor entirely, and heat to have DoT and armor strip. Plus, both those status effect help give the main workhorse mods on melees more damage, so even on enemies that are resistant/immune to Viral/Heat they still add damage for free. 

Warframes build diversity has been very weird lately
                Oh no, they have, a bit
                    Oh, I was under the impression they just added new mods for guns that scaled better
            As someone that just made an account a couple weeks ago, the game is mindlessly easy, yet massively addicting. There are really only three modding options for weapons - status, crit, or hybrid so once you look those up and find the mods, thats simple. The warframes have more nuanced and niche builds you can go for, but the weapons are braindead. 

The most complex part of the game is your first few times in Railjack, and eidolon fights are still a complete fuukin mystery to me, but you usually just get carried by other people.
        [deleted]
            Too many quality of life mods, like mag size, ammo reserves, reload speed, etc., and not enough damage mods like crit chance and damage.
                Since when did you start playing WF?
                    I think I started playing around early high school? Somewhere in the 2014-2015 range. I remember when all the planets were in a ring around the navigation panel instead of a map.
                        Ohhh nice, I remember that as well since I started around that time as well. It took me a while to understand the mechanics too.
                            Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
                                Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
        95% of warframe playtime is just figuring out how many things youve been doing wrong
        Legit took me 1,5 years to know wtf I was doing, devs are the worst at trying teaching young tenno what to do and how to do it. Online guides are 100% required to play Warframe.
            To be fair, any MMO-style game  has always required that if you want to be somewhat successful.

Well, they used to anyway. Playing New World now and kinda longing for the days of games like Anarchy Online, calculating the buffs and laddering implants and maluses so we could get high-level gear onto lvl 1 toons and have pvp competitions. Highest I think I've seen was lvl 60 gear on a lvl 1...

Are there even any games left out there with that kinda depth and complexity besides the few survivors like EVE and whatnot who are still around? anything modern? Not even sure when I last saw a game where gear wasn't level-locked
                Implant and buff twinking in AO is amazing. Wish I still had the patience for it haha
        Took me 100 hours to learn the stats that matter are crit, multiplier and status.
        ngl when I started warframe back then I had a sense of progression, and what to do, but having tried out destiny I didn't even know how to start a game other than pvp lol, to each their own I guess
            Yea I feel like warframe is better to start and stuff rn over destiny because there’s a sense of progression and you feel like you’re accomplishing stuff. A lot of destiny until the end game, and even the end game, is just find gear, replace that gear, replace it again, replace it again, etc, until you have a high light. At least in Warframe, you’re getting various weapons and frames and stuff you can keep and can even make useful for late game (Rivens are busted).
        I quit playing when my weapons stopped working and I didn’t have any good mods to make them work again.  That game is just too unfriendly.
            Starting out it is, but once you get into it it feels great to figure out how exactly to maximize your carnage
                Agree, that DID feel great, I’m like MR11 which yeah, may be nothing, but I did not expect to go from WMD to shooting marshmallows.   I looked into meta mods and tried to grind for them but after dozens of hours with no luck I just called it and stopped playing.
    Honestly I would love having all the content to play through myself so I'd know what the hell is going on in the lore. XD

Btw, if anybody has any good vids about the lore they could link me to, I'd greatly appreciate.
        Look for MyNameIsByf on YouTube.  He's the go to for Destiny Lore videos and he recently updated his full history of Destiny video.
            I second byf. I learned so much about the storylines and lore from his videos
            I'll check it out. Thanks
            His videos are awesome, and I love watching them... but I want to EXPERIENCE the game, or at least parts of it. It feels shitty not being able to experience the story myself.
    warframe is so fucking confusing as a new player.
        It was still confusing to me after playing hundreds of hours.
        28692650x more as a controller player.
        whats there to understand? you go there you fight hive and you punch a worm
    And i can't even imagine what the game install size would be
        Near 250gb probably for 10x the content of other 200gb games
            Well it's 88GB right now on my XSX, so it's not so far fetched indeed
            It would be cool if we could choose what we wanted to install based on DLC/campaigns. A bit like how you can choose to not install the campaign over multiplayer for certain games, that way if we wanted to we still have access to most of the old content.
                A bit like MCC, that would be cool. Could be hard to implement though, as D2 is an MMO with an "open world" where all players have to be able to travel and run around, while in MCC all you have is a menu and you can choose exactly what you want to play.

You'd probably end up having to install every open hub map anyway, so the gain wouldn't be so huge as they are very likely to account for most of the game's size.
                    Yeah, it's bad enough that new light players have to buy expansions and a season pass to play the latest content.
            Dayum that would take me a week to dl lol
                It took me a week and a half to DL beyond light lmao
                    Yea, I live in the country and I'm grateful for the dsl I have but sometimes it's grrrrr.
                        I was living in the country too! Now I live in an area that's considered a town but is still country so I have decent internet now. 
I can download 100+ gigs over 5 or 6 hours and thats good enough for me lol.
        Oh yeah definitely, but it would have a lot of content for a game that big. And if you can run it, then you'd be pretty happy lol
    If done right it would be really great for both new and old lights.

have the vaulted expansion/seasonal content/stories in their own section in the director and tower.

new lights once finished with the BL tutorial unlocks a new area in the tower that allows you to play old content starting with Red war, CoO and Warmind.

once you've finished Warminds story, forsaken and season of the outlaw becomes available and so on with the next seasons.

old players who were around and playing during the expansions/seasons initial releases already have accesses to everything they were around for. e.g if you played all of year 1 and 2 but skipped all of year 3 you would have full accsess to all year 1 and 2 content but only have access to Shadow keep when it gets vaulted and season of undying.

current expansions/seasons only get added when they are over/vaulted.

Give it a small story like what they did with armour synth, It could be a vex device or something that lets it's users experience the past as if they where there. allowing the current destinations map to keep evolving with the story and keep the content from pyramid shipped planets.

keep exotics that are in memorial to lost lights only available via MTLL but when you've completed the quest/activity that would originally give them now gives a discounts or after doing x number of runs/challenges in that quest/activity you get a free exchange for the related exotic.
    I started playing in Arrivals and the amount of content was overwhelming. I finished the Warmind campaign, but I don’t believe I finished any of the others. Just engaging with the seasonal content and trying to get through a couple of raids and dungeons was enough to keep me busy.

Also grinding nightfalls for the Trinity Ghoul catalyst… the week I finally had TG drop, I won’t forget. World dropped doing Altars of Sorrow, and I was so excited. Most people were talking about the catalyst dropping first of second run. I lost track of how many Garden World Hero NFs I ran hoping for the catalyst to drop.
        same but it was an awesome sort of overwhelming lol. i kind of miss it. i discovered menagerie and the weird gambit thing with the nine like three days before bl came out :(
            Gambit thing with the Nine? I didn’t know about this, I don’t think! If it’s related to the quests from Xur, I didn’t quite finish those. And now I wish I had.

I put so much time into Black Armory stuff because I thought it was so cool, and Rasputin-related stuff. I worked my butt off to get every exotic weapon or armor I could after they announced sunsetting and content vaulting. Gotta go into that mode again with Hawkmoons and DMTs. Gotta save every roll, never know what might be good and how they will be obtained afterward. They should really just put Whisper, Zero Hour, Harbinger, and Presage in the Legacy section and keep them.

It was very much a good overwhelming… until they announced they were vaulting most of it.
                i agree 100%. dont know why they won't just do that. zero hour and whisper were so damn cool.
                Gambit thing with The Nine was Reckoning.
    It wouldnt be so bad if certain accomplishments carried over to all characters.
    Idk,  there would be a fully cohesive story. New Lights would be introduced to the game from the very start like we were and get to experience all of the ups and downs of the story lines and character progressions, as well as the multitude of activities. I think it would actually be pretty fun especially if they still applied powerful drops to some events, where you could openly choose how you play/level up like in an MMO
    [deleted]
        I'm an absolute baby at the game and same. Partly it's that the game is very hands-off with how it guides you - which is nice in some ways, but in others... Like, for instance, I bought Forsaken and had to spend ten minutes troubleshooting before my friend mentioned the (new to me) (not pulsing to let me know I had new content) quest archive. I enjoy the game, but I'm glad I have a veteran to guide me when I get confused!
    Exactly what I was thinking.  I tried playing Warframe a few years ago and just quit after a couple hours because I had no idea what tf to do.
    As someone who tried to start Destiny 2 with my gf the other day, I can confidently say we were so underwhelmed by the maps and locations that we stopped after 2 sessions lol. 

We thought it would be an awesome sci-fi world for us to explore, we had long conversations about seeing all the planets of our solar system in a futuristic setting and how exciting it would be. 

Instead we got the earth, the moon, and a few moons or asteroids that we’d never heard of or cared about.
    This is why I didn’t / don’t play it.. loved the 1st one. Was too late to the game on #2..
    I was thankfully fortunate to have friends explain to me how to play warframe when I started
    After nearly 6k hours on Warframe, I finaly came to the conclusion that I don't know what the actual fuck I'm doing, so I decided to just keep on vibin'.
    That's like saying it's confusing what you should do in Skyrim after escaping Helgen..there's a clear main story but otherwise go do what you want and have fun, obtain new things and just mess around you can get to it all eventually you don't have to fully complete everything on a timer
    Could just put Roman numerals in order next to the launch locations of dlc or something to guide people in the correct order. Or make the timeline tab a bar at the bottom of the director of all the quest line icons in order of occurrence with the ability to launch them, or put all that within the timeline tab of the director or create a campaign tab. They could frankly create an entire new menu page for campaigns separate from the director which quest like trees or something
        That's true! Ignoring space issues, it could work with some narrative explanations and clear instructions on what order the DLCs were released.
    It's already hell for new lights lol.
The final shape is a circle. All destiny 1 content is brought back and all destiny 2 content is vaulted.
Season of the erected
    Indeed
        :Zavala voice:
        69 upvotes, nice
    Shaxx, Hunter of Santa Claus
Season of the Nice.
    #SEASON OF THE THICC
        Another season focused on the Bray sisters? I'm in.
#[DATA EXPUNGED]
"Ah yes, the "Reapers"".
    "We have dismissed those claims."
Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Season of the mutual nom.
I miss the good old days when I was messi
    they playing soccer in my backyard
And the ball's gone from the hangar! Every time I'm there I'm like "O, Saint! Where's my ball to?" and he's all like "Josh the Daniel!".

I don't know who Josh is, but he's a dick and I want my ball back
The thing that cracks me up is there are games with exponentially more playable area, zones, items, and activities than Destiny 2 could potentially have, were they to reactivate every single piece of content. By several magnitudes even.

If you *only* look at games that are crossplatform and therefore apply to Bungie's "needs to be smaller + load fast on consoles" stance, consists of games such as:

* Final Fantasy XIV 
* Elder Scrolls Online
* Warframe
* TERA Online
* Black Desert Online

If you were to include games that were exclusive to PC the list balloons to absurd numbers. Which is important to consider for people that aren't on consoles and have their experience shaped by crossplatform design.

There are *many* ways to handle large file sizes and optimize load times. Removing tons of paid content should be the last resort.
    Final fantasy XIV uses a lower texture quality and model quality meaning more things for less space

Elder Scrolls Online does the same but to less of a degree.

Warframe uses tilesets which means that most maps are mixes of one set of things drastically lowering the amount of space needed for audio, textures and the like.

Can't say anything about TERA and BDO because I haven't played them. But the general statement is the same, you can't compare them because the games are built different from each other.

And even with the smaller size destiny is going for the load times on console are horrendous in most cases.

We are also not talking about balancing and making sure nothing breaks in the game which is another reason bungie wants to lower the size of destiny as it would be really inefficient to constantly have to recheck old content to make sure it works with never updates.
        >We are also not talking about balancing and making sure nothing breaks in the game which is another reason bungie wants to lower the size of destiny as it would be really inefficient to constantly have to recheck old content to make sure it works with never updates.

This is all that needs to be said. It's not about making the game smaller. It's about making the game easier to produce content for. They literally can't make content how they want with all the past years of destiny clogging up their production.
            Yeah, imagine waiting another month or 2 for beyond light because stasis bugged on maps from the red war campaign.
                Yep. And that month or two doesn't even add any content either. It just ensures that the new stuff works in old content that people aren't really playing much anyways.
    Well destiny wasn’t originally made like warframe and other mmo/rpg type games. It wasn’t really even meant to last more than 2 years without seasonal content, let alone 4 with the seasons
        Which is why they should've launched Destiny 3 on a similar timeframe as their transition from D1 to D2, instead of making D2 an infinite game as a service.

Then D3 could be designed from the ground up with PC in mind, rather than an afterthought. While implementing systems that could translate to all platforms instead of hindering all new generations and PC.

Their desire to be crossplay/crossplatform, coupled with PC being a port is what has inevitably lead to so much frustration with the size, load times, and general design of the game. I think crossplay is the future of gaming. But if a studio can't pull it off well and the product suffers as a result, they need to reassess their approach. Bungie is struggling to figure out that balance.

I own the game on Xbox One, PS4, PS5 and PC. I have friends on all four platforms. I *want* to play with them all. I also want the game to not get kneecapped due to older generations. It's a tough situation.
            Yeah they definitely *should* have but once they split from activision they neither had the time nor resources to essentially build the game from the ground up at the very least if they did they’d have a template to work from but it’d still be a mountain of work. I’m sure they want to but can’t justify using the resources at the moment. Surely with light fall or the final shape they’d have an engine overhaul so when service for this game ends it has everything it ever had
                There’s another saga in d2 after lightfall. D2 will be around until 2027 most likely
    [removed]
        > No other game that I know of has as many perks, abilities, classes and synergistic interactions as Destiny, the sheer number of different situations is a lot.

Every major MOBA in the world absolutely dwarfs Destiny 2 in terms of unique interactions. It's not even remotely close. 

DOTA 2 for example has 121 different Heroes with **at least** 5 abilities on average, on top of 8 talents as well. Now multiply that by the 200+ unique items they can wield to alter their abilities or class. Trying to figure out how these interact and most importantly **overlap** is a Herculean task.

It's also a continuous PvPvE game which means they have to check for both aspects are congruous, unlike D2 that (aside from Gambit) has both facts existing in a contained bubble.

Most of Destiny 2's mods and perks are simplistic stat values or redundant due to affinities. Aside from exotic perks and seasonal/raid mods, it isn't extensive at all. The exotic armor perks are also unique to a class and typically even a specific subclass and/or ability. Which is even less rigorous.

This says nothing of MMO's which can have upwards of 100+ abilities per class, potentially dozens of classes, and far more enemy types, weapon procs, and so on. The scale and depth of those games are on a completely different level.

The TL;DR is this: there are games with many magnitudes more unique interactions that don't simply throw their hands up and delete content on a constant basis.
            [removed]
    It’s also that the engine used for D2 is unwieldy, clunky, and frankly horrifically optimized. Small tweaks take extensive time according to current and past developers. Comparing games like Warframe and FFXIV that use their own engines and can optimize by chopping things into repeated pieces isn’t fair and while you can blame Bungie for using the engine they did that’s an entirely different discussion. 

It’s also that the incredibly large file size is causing an issue for the older console generations that still support D2. You could say to stop supporting those consoles but then you’d frustrate those players. 

I don’t like the vaulting of content as much as any other person. But you cannot tell me they didn’t think about other solutions before ending on this.
        > But you cannot tell me they didn’t think about other solutions before ending on this.

I think they absolutely thought of options. I also think they went with the path of least resistance, rather than one that would be the best option for the players and content owners. 

If this is the literal best option for *everyone involved*, then they have royally screwed up somewhere.
    Yeah rather than sunsetting presage and harbinger I think they should make them into optional downloads and stick them in the legends tab. Same thing with zero hour and whisper. If you don’t want to play them? Great, don’t download them. But if you wanna drown in the deep go for it!
    >There are many ways to handle large file sizes and optimize load times.

It's called having the game optimized to be worked on for 10+ years. Something that Destiny isn't.
I'll see you in the crucible, little titan boy.
    Did someone call for me?
    You’ll be considered 4ft when I shoot your kneecaps, little hunter boy.

Actually
    Shatterdive is for skilled players little titan boy. I’ll see you in the crucible
Truly a *swing and miss* moment...
    acshually this would be a swing and a hit. this here slugger has shown no FOMO (puke shit) present in this here directory. he definitely makes weapons out of enemy 😂 rip cayde 😔
        Smh Bulgaria hired you to comment FOMO. You obviously haven't seen my galhran cosplay
            how dare you stand where u/toesucker_420 stood
r/destinycirclejerk time
dont forget all of the 16 frames while in menu
And only a 900gb download!
    It'd be like a couple hundred max.
        You're clearly forgetting that before they did vaulting the game was already pushing 140Gb. When the game got vaulted we lost IO, Titan, Mars and a few activites. Add that stuff by itself back in and you're hitting 200Gb. Now add in Mercury, D1 Mars, Saturn, the rest of the Cosmodrome, the Plaguelands, and the new expansion and it would easily tip 300, probably closer to 400Gb.
    [deleted]
        The problem is that even with old content, Bungie has to update it to keep it current. New concepts get added to the game all the time. New abilities, new effects, and new ways to break the game. Simply adding Stasis and the ability to create crystals broke SO many maps in the game that they had to recreate many kill-planes on the maps to kill some OOB routes.

Basically, any time something new gets added, it needs to be tested in pretty much every activity and every location to make sure it works as intended. Which normally isn't difficult, but when you have as much content as Destiny 2 has, that's a LOT of man-hours put into testing and troubleshooting that could be better spent toward new development. Which is part of the reason why Bungie is removing swaths of the game; so that it's a narrower focal point for their teams to work on and ensure that everything gets polished.
    Honestly I’d take a 900 gig file to have all this content. Not like most of us don’t have the space. Rip a lot of console users unless they use an external drive.
        Lol I was gonna say- this gen of consoles wouldn’t even be able to fit the game.
        Just uninstall CoD and you should have at least 900gb
            Ps4 without external storage only stores 500ish

But really I deleted war zone from my ps4 yesterday, not even cod, WARZONE took up 93 gigabytes, it’s really dumb
                Warzone is the greatest case in favor of Vaulting I can think of.   


It's got the same weapon creep that Destiny was trying to avoid.  
You have essentialy one map, made of nearly the same palette of models, and trillion guns from like 4 games worth of shooters.  


90 gigs easy.
                PS4 had frame issues with Siege Engine in D1. Same thing happens when Wyverns spawn in VoG. There's no chance in hell that this would run properly on a PS4 regardless of space.
mandatory to run on stadia or xcloud
    GeForce Now would probably be the only way to get enough VRAM for that 8k16fps.
worth it
it doesn't have to be though
No SSD? Poor Internet?
  
I've never had any load time issues and this amount of content would be worth it.

(especially since you know... I paid for this content)
You guys blow the loading screens out of proportion.
    Why does the existence of titan make the loading screen for the moon longer? They’re completely separate instances
[deleted]
    I thought I was the only one.. God I wish the drifter would just cough it up or shut up already, why is he blinking!?
        I haven't played in over a year and just returned.  Suraya Hawthorne was endlessly blinking when I quit, and she's still endlessly blinking.  The Drifter has recently joined her little cult of harassment.
    Are you sure it's not the Prisms and you are full of them so they look grey when you go in but if you hover over them it will say no space? I had this issue for a while.
        Pretty sure.  I've hovered over everything and they all say "Requires _something_ rank"  I'm pretty low on prisms and all that stuff, I use them way too freely.
            Have you collected your truth and other things for resetting your rank from the items on the second page?
    Someone did the Drifter weekly . It bugs out as soon as you completed 8 bounties from him, even if you collect your engram and bright dust + it keeps blinking until weekly reset.
It's sooo annoying
OCD? It's us ADHD folks I'd be concerned about. Just hundreds of half finished quests and markers everywhere. Basically Skyrim in space.
    Yeah that’s why no other rpg is interesting for me. I get overwhelmed and then drop it forever lol 😂 I’ve had Skyrim and ESO for so long thinking I could get into it, nope
        I've bought Skyrim on 3 different platforms, started and gotten to approximately level 22-25, then inevitably I go explore for a bout 5 hours, forget what I was doing, and drop it.
It would probably make your laser-cooled RTX 4200 shit bricks to get today’s loading times though.

You’d queue up Crucible before bed to have a game ready for lunch break.

Telesto would fuckin’ cower in the presence of the eldrich glitches and bugs that would be spawned.
    Oh I'm not actually advocating for it, I just want an artist to make a hypothetical mock up (I'll probably do it myself honestly).

Personally I'm a big supporter of Destiny have dedicated "DCV Slots" where old planets or content can cycle in and out constantly, either seasonally or annually (I think two "planet" slots would make this possible, one for season/year story and content stuff and one just for fun)
        That sounds reasonable, with the Legends tab already here and all.

Though I honestly just wanted an oppotrunity to let some funny quips out.
        I wish they would actually do that... it seems like besides a couple of strikes and a raid from D1, they are just putting stuff into the vault instead of taking things about again...

Plus there is the whole in-universe explanation for where all the planets went... I don't think locations are going to come back, unless they are massively changed
            You do have to account for all the brand new things being added, though, which I honestly prefer over old things being re-added
    What? Why would more content increase loading times? You're still only loading one area at a time.
         Ungie bungie conditioned its fan base as such so they will obey and won’t ask questions why their paid content is removed
    How does havin more content make load times slower? Having a hard time following…
        Mostly people not understanding how games are made. No game tries to access all of the content at once, it'll just load whatever is called in the moment. Not sure why folks think more content would increase load times...
    Not it wont
        **TELESTO WILL COWER IN FEAR FROM THE GLITCHES MANIFESTED**
            Telesto cowers from no one
                They say that there is a first time for everything, you know?

Though I would love to see Telesto combine forces with the greate spaghetti code monster.
    you must work for Bungie because this demonstrates a clear misunderstanding of how it actually works
    This makes no sense.
    If it was client hosted it wouldn't be to bad.
[You](https://i.imgur.com/QJqxZdG.png)
    It seems that your comment contains 1 or more links that are hard to tap for mobile users. 
I will extend those so they're easier for our sausage fingers to click!


[Here is link number 1 - Previous text "You"](https://i.imgur.com/QJqxZdG.png)



----
^Please ^PM ^[\/u\/eganwall](http://reddit.com/user/eganwall) ^with ^issues ^or ^feedback! ^| ^[Code](https://github.com/eganwall/FatFingerHelperBot) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=FatFingerHelperBot&subject=delete&message=delete%20hg7sybx)
        i am not fat i just have big hands fuck you
            [.](https://youtu.be/OqjF7HKSaaI)
                Fuck you I can't even press that
        Good bot
        Good bot
As someone who just discovered and fell in love with this game a year ago  I would gladly pay hundreds of dollars for all this content
Or like a mobile game
It's intended too. Tons of sub menu things are in the main world menu. Like all the Crucible modes.
I have a real good memory of messing around on Mars a few weeks after D1 came out, went up to a cabal dude, gave him a good punch and somehow I got launched halfway across the map.

I miss D1 Mars for that memory alone.
In the Valley of the Kings where the entrance to the Black Garden is you can look over the cliff and see a lone Vex Tower miles away sitting in the middle of the desert. 

When D1 started to wind down and everything had been done, I liked to go to that area sit at the edge of the cliff and imagine how cool it would be to jump off the cliff, summon my sparrow and GO SEE what was up with that funky Vex Tower.
I mean it would be cool, but I don’t want to start it up a day before I play for everything to load.
    Please explain to me in excruciating detail why it would take longer to load and why it would not be possible to have load times stay quite exactly how they are and were before dcv if one assumes somewhat competent developers

man it sucks so much that this wonderful game just got torn to fucking pieces and people are even defending this shit
    Well season 69 would be in what, 15 years from now? I'm sure PC's and consoles will be powerful enough by then to easily handle a game of this size.
im part of that 50 percent, im a big backer of using steams dlc portion that has allowed countless other games to pick and choose what parts of a game you want installed.

&#x200B;

also to the co commenter the loading times really would not increase at all
Only 25 hours? Do you have a nvidia rtx 7090 or something?
    Look even with that you only get 16 fps
    There are some serious misconceptions about video cards in this thread.
        I have to assume they are kidding when they associate load times with GPU performance... Nobody is that uninformed right? Right?!
            Well, some are. I was just making a joke though, and saying "you must have a 20gb/sec ssd and a i21 500 g
Thz " doesn't work as well (mightve butchered that, not well versed in processors)
That's not how that works, that's not how any of this works.
The actual/smart answer would be to move them to "Legends", but this image is also meant as hyperbole, since some of this stuff was removed from sub-menus (like Crucible/Iron Banner/Trials).
To be fair, some planets in Warframe are kinda boring and get repetitive too quickly. Not talking about Jupiter, Kuva, Fortress, Lua, the Void, the Corpus ships, Fortuna and Eidolon tho, those are fire.
Well, you'd kill your pc/console with that...
    Console yes but I feel like most PCs can handle the file size, SSDs are pretty inexpensive these days. The loading time wouldn't really be affected since zones are loaded on demand anyway.
        Servers though... and the engine would shit itself
        this, the game shouldnt run too different in any regards escpescially if you have an ssd. its not like the amount of locations change the loading times for a single location or anything. i also feel like the servers as long as they have enough space to contain all the locations  there shouldnt even be too big of an issue as its all instance based.
    PCs needing to get upgrades over the years is nothing unusual and current gen consoles aren't that obscenely far from being able to handle that. i would not be surprised if next gen was capable of running comparable stuff. And it's only a matter of time (hopefully short) before older consoles stop being supported.

nobody can seriously expect a pc/console from 2017 to be able to run Destiny circa Final Shape, right?
        i mean you’re right but with how expensive stuff is now and with the scalping issue taking place, not a lot of people have new gen consoles or pc’s that can handle that type of stuff. i was lucky to get a 1650 for the price of a stock ps4
        Fair. Was mostly joking though. But while pcs and consoles should be able to handle that, I doubt the engine will
>leviathan

Man I miss the Leviathan.
Probably be done with the season pass levelling in about a week or two.
    EZ 😤
VOG is a really good first time raiding experience for new learners
I have post traumatic disorder from those dogs.
Nice.
> an optional download for the single-player campaign missions and locations

Because then they'd have to keep fixing, updating, and maintaining old content, and *that* was the main reason behind content cutdowns.

The only way this'd work is if each "campaign" featured a small, hand-picked selection of gear to use in its particular bubble, and nothing else. I'd be down for that, honestly.
[deleted]
They could make a non-live game with just the campaign stuff. No other activities. It would only support coop for 3 players, peer to peer.

Every expansion it gets the campaign being vaulted. I am sure lot of new people would buy that.
Because it would still on bungies engine. The main reason for the DCV is that they can’t maintain all that content with how slow the engine would run. They would still have to maintain it.
I agree, although I guess the argument could be made d1 was not on PC
> Honestly I don't see the point in adding content that you can still play in D1

Because some of us don't have D1?
Punishment
    Why is the Almightly still there even after Season of the Worthy
Maybe not bigger, but Closer (nine inch nails 1994)
it would take them over a year just to update the old stuff to be compatible and i for one would NOT want them to take away dev time from NEW stuff to be able to make old stuff compatible
not without the dev time being taken away from new content
    Hahah
        you laugh but its true. it took them 6 months to bring back 80% of the cosmodrome, it would take them years to bring back the rest of it
            Yea it would
how about a more thought out less cluttered menu design
can't be that fucking hard
I think things should come in cycles honestly. Like we have a dedicated "DCV Planet" area that either changes seasonally or yearly to whatever planet they feel would best fit the game for that time, be it for a quest, mission, whatever
    Like a rotating planet that changes seasonally semi annually. Let’s cycle out content that’s 3+ years old that isn’t even used anymore (cough cough Nessus) and add in new content. Tangled shore is a perfect example of this. Nobody goes there except for glimmer so why not get rid of it for new content.
        Exactly. We already are having old content come in and Destiny is effectively transitioning fully into an evolving live game, but if Bungie shows that old content can and will come back regularly it will sell people on the DCV.

Imagine for some seasonal/yearly stuff we need to go back to the dreadnaught? Okay we go back and then if by the end of the year its not relevent it goes back in. Then for the next year D2 Mars comes back becuase thats a year based around getting Rasputin hooked up? Based we do that.

IMO I think two dedicated slots would be good, the idea would be to have one that rotates for fun and another that rotates for more story implications, at least most of the time.

So if you have one for a season it'll stay for the year while the other one can maybe change halfway through the year or seasonally.

&#x200B;

Overall this would further defines "years" in Destiny. 

"Oh, you remember Year 6 when Prison of Elders came back with the new Tangled Shore? That was awesome!"

"Oh man you totally missed out on not playing Year 7 when the dreadnaught came back but with Xivu Araths warriors taking over everything!"
            I agree 100% but we know the destiny community is far from smart so they’d never accept this bc “my money 😠”
                true but tbh I think it would sell people on it. People only think they are getting scammed due to Destiny 2 not really shipping as a live game (in that sense) but if people are confident the planets and such they paid for will return at some point possibly updated it'll be fine.
                    People think they're getting scammed because they're getting rid of things that we paid for.
                        I agree, so they should show thats not happening by making it a cycle of content in which the content that was bought that was believed to be permanent comes back in cycles.
    In theory that’s how the DCV works. It’s a cycle. Something comes out, something else comes in. At one point or another the content removed (or, at least some of them) will be reintroduced in D2 and other contents will be vaulted. Right now we’re only seeing D1 stuff (which are part of the Vault as well), but sometimes in the future (already in TWQ, even if just for a couple of maps) we’ll see D2 contents reintroduced in the game...
    that would take an insane amount of time and dev work just to get set up and maintained. personally i'd rather they continue comitting time to new stuff (mostly) instead of slaving away at making every piece of old content compatible with the game today
Imagine not thinking a UI designer could solve this.
    Exactly. This meme is trying to make this situation look bad. But realistically, a UI designer would have this shit clean and smooth looking.
Have the planets mostly progression based with some replayability and just make sure to delete or complete quests and it won't be cluttered. Simple.
I fail to see a problem with that.
theyd have to make sure every new update doesnt break something with these older systems and regardless of the selectable purchase system theyd need to put dev time into testing literally everything, personally i much rather prefer a leaner game thats easier to maintain and, not to mention, theyd have to likely completely re-do all of the destinations that left to make them compatible with the current game which is probably more dev time.
Nice!
I think that's the joke
Game was almost 100 before beyond light, try like 250
500 gb with contenr 10x more than games with 200 gb
Don't take this the wrong way, but how does Warframe handle this "really well"? I'm curious because I have the opposite opinion.
I'm also not saying Destiny has the upper hand.
    In warframe you can travel to all the planets in the solar system, it looks more organized than this tho.
    In order to find the map you have to do you first zoom in on the planet in the solarsystem, then you have to find a node on that map. If you don't remember where a specific thing is you have to google it first because finding the right node is a pain in the ass.
It would melt your console or pc lol
except for those of us who have played all this content and want to do something new. Maybe do a few bounties or patrols. A raid that came out 6 or 7 years ago. Thats all the content you would get. Not much to explore either for anyone whos done it already too
Y'all would find a way to complain that there's nothing to do anyways lmao
    Lmao so true! 🤣
Deep Stone Vault?
Destiny Sauce Vault?
Donde Salsa Vicente?
Hey, it only took me like 5 years to figure out I was modding my weapons wrong.
    I mean, most important mods got massively changed a couple months back, so you might wanna take another look at them.
        Yeah I haven’t played since then. I mainly used my guns anyways so I imagine my current builds for them haven’t changed much besides them no longer being optimal.
            Honestly I still don’t remember what goes well against what. All I remember is build crit and status.
                Viral, Heat, and either toxin or corrosive are still king in most cases.
                    Oh my god you're still talking about Warframe, I thought this was about Destiny and was *very confused!*
                    What about puncture, slash, impact or are those case by case depending on enemy
                        Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
                            Ok thx
                            Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
                        Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
                            I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
                last time I played was like.....4 or 5 years ago?

around the time they introduced the raids.

Off of top of my head;

magnetic + poison against corpus
Radiation/viral/corrosion against grineer
for infested it was fire I think?
                    You’re right, but sadly both Viral and Heat are the go-to elementals to use in almost all content. Viral paired with a high slash weapon to bypass armor entirely, and heat to have DoT and armor strip. Plus, both those status effect help give the main workhorse mods on melees more damage, so even on enemies that are resistant/immune to Viral/Heat they still add damage for free. 

Warframes build diversity has been very weird lately
            Oh no, they have, a bit
                Oh, I was under the impression they just added new mods for guns that scaled better
        As someone that just made an account a couple weeks ago, the game is mindlessly easy, yet massively addicting. There are really only three modding options for weapons - status, crit, or hybrid so once you look those up and find the mods, thats simple. The warframes have more nuanced and niche builds you can go for, but the weapons are braindead. 

The most complex part of the game is your first few times in Railjack, and eidolon fights are still a complete fuukin mystery to me, but you usually just get carried by other people.
    [deleted]
        Too many quality of life mods, like mag size, ammo reserves, reload speed, etc., and not enough damage mods like crit chance and damage.
            Since when did you start playing WF?
                I think I started playing around early high school? Somewhere in the 2014-2015 range. I remember when all the planets were in a ring around the navigation panel instead of a map.
                    Ohhh nice, I remember that as well since I started around that time as well. It took me a while to understand the mechanics too.
                        Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
                            Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
    95% of warframe playtime is just figuring out how many things youve been doing wrong
    Legit took me 1,5 years to know wtf I was doing, devs are the worst at trying teaching young tenno what to do and how to do it. Online guides are 100% required to play Warframe.
        To be fair, any MMO-style game  has always required that if you want to be somewhat successful.

Well, they used to anyway. Playing New World now and kinda longing for the days of games like Anarchy Online, calculating the buffs and laddering implants and maluses so we could get high-level gear onto lvl 1 toons and have pvp competitions. Highest I think I've seen was lvl 60 gear on a lvl 1...

Are there even any games left out there with that kinda depth and complexity besides the few survivors like EVE and whatnot who are still around? anything modern? Not even sure when I last saw a game where gear wasn't level-locked
            Implant and buff twinking in AO is amazing. Wish I still had the patience for it haha
    Took me 100 hours to learn the stats that matter are crit, multiplier and status.
    ngl when I started warframe back then I had a sense of progression, and what to do, but having tried out destiny I didn't even know how to start a game other than pvp lol, to each their own I guess
        Yea I feel like warframe is better to start and stuff rn over destiny because there’s a sense of progression and you feel like you’re accomplishing stuff. A lot of destiny until the end game, and even the end game, is just find gear, replace that gear, replace it again, replace it again, etc, until you have a high light. At least in Warframe, you’re getting various weapons and frames and stuff you can keep and can even make useful for late game (Rivens are busted).
    I quit playing when my weapons stopped working and I didn’t have any good mods to make them work again.  That game is just too unfriendly.
        Starting out it is, but once you get into it it feels great to figure out how exactly to maximize your carnage
            Agree, that DID feel great, I’m like MR11 which yeah, may be nothing, but I did not expect to go from WMD to shooting marshmallows.   I looked into meta mods and tried to grind for them but after dozens of hours with no luck I just called it and stopped playing.
Honestly I would love having all the content to play through myself so I'd know what the hell is going on in the lore. XD

Btw, if anybody has any good vids about the lore they could link me to, I'd greatly appreciate.
    Look for MyNameIsByf on YouTube.  He's the go to for Destiny Lore videos and he recently updated his full history of Destiny video.
        I second byf. I learned so much about the storylines and lore from his videos
        I'll check it out. Thanks
        His videos are awesome, and I love watching them... but I want to EXPERIENCE the game, or at least parts of it. It feels shitty not being able to experience the story myself.
warframe is so fucking confusing as a new player.
    It was still confusing to me after playing hundreds of hours.
    28692650x more as a controller player.
    whats there to understand? you go there you fight hive and you punch a worm
And i can't even imagine what the game install size would be
    Near 250gb probably for 10x the content of other 200gb games
        Well it's 88GB right now on my XSX, so it's not so far fetched indeed
        It would be cool if we could choose what we wanted to install based on DLC/campaigns. A bit like how you can choose to not install the campaign over multiplayer for certain games, that way if we wanted to we still have access to most of the old content.
            A bit like MCC, that would be cool. Could be hard to implement though, as D2 is an MMO with an "open world" where all players have to be able to travel and run around, while in MCC all you have is a menu and you can choose exactly what you want to play.

You'd probably end up having to install every open hub map anyway, so the gain wouldn't be so huge as they are very likely to account for most of the game's size.
                Yeah, it's bad enough that new light players have to buy expansions and a season pass to play the latest content.
        Dayum that would take me a week to dl lol
            It took me a week and a half to DL beyond light lmao
                Yea, I live in the country and I'm grateful for the dsl I have but sometimes it's grrrrr.
                    I was living in the country too! Now I live in an area that's considered a town but is still country so I have decent internet now. 
I can download 100+ gigs over 5 or 6 hours and thats good enough for me lol.
    Oh yeah definitely, but it would have a lot of content for a game that big. And if you can run it, then you'd be pretty happy lol
If done right it would be really great for both new and old lights.

have the vaulted expansion/seasonal content/stories in their own section in the director and tower.

new lights once finished with the BL tutorial unlocks a new area in the tower that allows you to play old content starting with Red war, CoO and Warmind.

once you've finished Warminds story, forsaken and season of the outlaw becomes available and so on with the next seasons.

old players who were around and playing during the expansions/seasons initial releases already have accesses to everything they were around for. e.g if you played all of year 1 and 2 but skipped all of year 3 you would have full accsess to all year 1 and 2 content but only have access to Shadow keep when it gets vaulted and season of undying.

current expansions/seasons only get added when they are over/vaulted.

Give it a small story like what they did with armour synth, It could be a vex device or something that lets it's users experience the past as if they where there. allowing the current destinations map to keep evolving with the story and keep the content from pyramid shipped planets.

keep exotics that are in memorial to lost lights only available via MTLL but when you've completed the quest/activity that would originally give them now gives a discounts or after doing x number of runs/challenges in that quest/activity you get a free exchange for the related exotic.
I started playing in Arrivals and the amount of content was overwhelming. I finished the Warmind campaign, but I don’t believe I finished any of the others. Just engaging with the seasonal content and trying to get through a couple of raids and dungeons was enough to keep me busy.

Also grinding nightfalls for the Trinity Ghoul catalyst… the week I finally had TG drop, I won’t forget. World dropped doing Altars of Sorrow, and I was so excited. Most people were talking about the catalyst dropping first of second run. I lost track of how many Garden World Hero NFs I ran hoping for the catalyst to drop.
    same but it was an awesome sort of overwhelming lol. i kind of miss it. i discovered menagerie and the weird gambit thing with the nine like three days before bl came out :(
        Gambit thing with the Nine? I didn’t know about this, I don’t think! If it’s related to the quests from Xur, I didn’t quite finish those. And now I wish I had.

I put so much time into Black Armory stuff because I thought it was so cool, and Rasputin-related stuff. I worked my butt off to get every exotic weapon or armor I could after they announced sunsetting and content vaulting. Gotta go into that mode again with Hawkmoons and DMTs. Gotta save every roll, never know what might be good and how they will be obtained afterward. They should really just put Whisper, Zero Hour, Harbinger, and Presage in the Legacy section and keep them.

It was very much a good overwhelming… until they announced they were vaulting most of it.
            i agree 100%. dont know why they won't just do that. zero hour and whisper were so damn cool.
            Gambit thing with The Nine was Reckoning.
It wouldnt be so bad if certain accomplishments carried over to all characters.
Idk,  there would be a fully cohesive story. New Lights would be introduced to the game from the very start like we were and get to experience all of the ups and downs of the story lines and character progressions, as well as the multitude of activities. I think it would actually be pretty fun especially if they still applied powerful drops to some events, where you could openly choose how you play/level up like in an MMO
[deleted]
    I'm an absolute baby at the game and same. Partly it's that the game is very hands-off with how it guides you - which is nice in some ways, but in others... Like, for instance, I bought Forsaken and had to spend ten minutes troubleshooting before my friend mentioned the (new to me) (not pulsing to let me know I had new content) quest archive. I enjoy the game, but I'm glad I have a veteran to guide me when I get confused!
Exactly what I was thinking.  I tried playing Warframe a few years ago and just quit after a couple hours because I had no idea what tf to do.
As someone who tried to start Destiny 2 with my gf the other day, I can confidently say we were so underwhelmed by the maps and locations that we stopped after 2 sessions lol. 

We thought it would be an awesome sci-fi world for us to explore, we had long conversations about seeing all the planets of our solar system in a futuristic setting and how exciting it would be. 

Instead we got the earth, the moon, and a few moons or asteroids that we’d never heard of or cared about.
This is why I didn’t / don’t play it.. loved the 1st one. Was too late to the game on #2..
I was thankfully fortunate to have friends explain to me how to play warframe when I started
After nearly 6k hours on Warframe, I finaly came to the conclusion that I don't know what the actual fuck I'm doing, so I decided to just keep on vibin'.
That's like saying it's confusing what you should do in Skyrim after escaping Helgen..there's a clear main story but otherwise go do what you want and have fun, obtain new things and just mess around you can get to it all eventually you don't have to fully complete everything on a timer
Could just put Roman numerals in order next to the launch locations of dlc or something to guide people in the correct order. Or make the timeline tab a bar at the bottom of the director of all the quest line icons in order of occurrence with the ability to launch them, or put all that within the timeline tab of the director or create a campaign tab. They could frankly create an entire new menu page for campaigns separate from the director which quest like trees or something
    That's true! Ignoring space issues, it could work with some narrative explanations and clear instructions on what order the DLCs were released.
It's already hell for new lights lol.
Indeed
    :Zavala voice:
    69 upvotes, nice
Shaxx, Hunter of Santa Claus
#SEASON OF THE THICC
    Another season focused on the Bray sisters? I'm in.
"We have dismissed those claims."
they playing soccer in my backyard
Final fantasy XIV uses a lower texture quality and model quality meaning more things for less space

Elder Scrolls Online does the same but to less of a degree.

Warframe uses tilesets which means that most maps are mixes of one set of things drastically lowering the amount of space needed for audio, textures and the like.

Can't say anything about TERA and BDO because I haven't played them. But the general statement is the same, you can't compare them because the games are built different from each other.

And even with the smaller size destiny is going for the load times on console are horrendous in most cases.

We are also not talking about balancing and making sure nothing breaks in the game which is another reason bungie wants to lower the size of destiny as it would be really inefficient to constantly have to recheck old content to make sure it works with never updates.
    >We are also not talking about balancing and making sure nothing breaks in the game which is another reason bungie wants to lower the size of destiny as it would be really inefficient to constantly have to recheck old content to make sure it works with never updates.

This is all that needs to be said. It's not about making the game smaller. It's about making the game easier to produce content for. They literally can't make content how they want with all the past years of destiny clogging up their production.
        Yeah, imagine waiting another month or 2 for beyond light because stasis bugged on maps from the red war campaign.
            Yep. And that month or two doesn't even add any content either. It just ensures that the new stuff works in old content that people aren't really playing much anyways.
Well destiny wasn’t originally made like warframe and other mmo/rpg type games. It wasn’t really even meant to last more than 2 years without seasonal content, let alone 4 with the seasons
    Which is why they should've launched Destiny 3 on a similar timeframe as their transition from D1 to D2, instead of making D2 an infinite game as a service.

Then D3 could be designed from the ground up with PC in mind, rather than an afterthought. While implementing systems that could translate to all platforms instead of hindering all new generations and PC.

Their desire to be crossplay/crossplatform, coupled with PC being a port is what has inevitably lead to so much frustration with the size, load times, and general design of the game. I think crossplay is the future of gaming. But if a studio can't pull it off well and the product suffers as a result, they need to reassess their approach. Bungie is struggling to figure out that balance.

I own the game on Xbox One, PS4, PS5 and PC. I have friends on all four platforms. I *want* to play with them all. I also want the game to not get kneecapped due to older generations. It's a tough situation.
        Yeah they definitely *should* have but once they split from activision they neither had the time nor resources to essentially build the game from the ground up at the very least if they did they’d have a template to work from but it’d still be a mountain of work. I’m sure they want to but can’t justify using the resources at the moment. Surely with light fall or the final shape they’d have an engine overhaul so when service for this game ends it has everything it ever had
            There’s another saga in d2 after lightfall. D2 will be around until 2027 most likely
[removed]
    > No other game that I know of has as many perks, abilities, classes and synergistic interactions as Destiny, the sheer number of different situations is a lot.

Every major MOBA in the world absolutely dwarfs Destiny 2 in terms of unique interactions. It's not even remotely close. 

DOTA 2 for example has 121 different Heroes with **at least** 5 abilities on average, on top of 8 talents as well. Now multiply that by the 200+ unique items they can wield to alter their abilities or class. Trying to figure out how these interact and most importantly **overlap** is a Herculean task.

It's also a continuous PvPvE game which means they have to check for both aspects are congruous, unlike D2 that (aside from Gambit) has both facts existing in a contained bubble.

Most of Destiny 2's mods and perks are simplistic stat values or redundant due to affinities. Aside from exotic perks and seasonal/raid mods, it isn't extensive at all. The exotic armor perks are also unique to a class and typically even a specific subclass and/or ability. Which is even less rigorous.

This says nothing of MMO's which can have upwards of 100+ abilities per class, potentially dozens of classes, and far more enemy types, weapon procs, and so on. The scale and depth of those games are on a completely different level.

The TL;DR is this: there are games with many magnitudes more unique interactions that don't simply throw their hands up and delete content on a constant basis.
        [removed]
It’s also that the engine used for D2 is unwieldy, clunky, and frankly horrifically optimized. Small tweaks take extensive time according to current and past developers. Comparing games like Warframe and FFXIV that use their own engines and can optimize by chopping things into repeated pieces isn’t fair and while you can blame Bungie for using the engine they did that’s an entirely different discussion. 

It’s also that the incredibly large file size is causing an issue for the older console generations that still support D2. You could say to stop supporting those consoles but then you’d frustrate those players. 

I don’t like the vaulting of content as much as any other person. But you cannot tell me they didn’t think about other solutions before ending on this.
    > But you cannot tell me they didn’t think about other solutions before ending on this.

I think they absolutely thought of options. I also think they went with the path of least resistance, rather than one that would be the best option for the players and content owners. 

If this is the literal best option for *everyone involved*, then they have royally screwed up somewhere.
Yeah rather than sunsetting presage and harbinger I think they should make them into optional downloads and stick them in the legends tab. Same thing with zero hour and whisper. If you don’t want to play them? Great, don’t download them. But if you wanna drown in the deep go for it!
>There are many ways to handle large file sizes and optimize load times.

It's called having the game optimized to be worked on for 10+ years. Something that Destiny isn't.
Did someone call for me?
You’ll be considered 4ft when I shoot your kneecaps, little hunter boy.

Actually
Shatterdive is for skilled players little titan boy. I’ll see you in the crucible
acshually this would be a swing and a hit. this here slugger has shown no FOMO (puke shit) present in this here directory. he definitely makes weapons out of enemy 😂 rip cayde 😔
    Smh Bulgaria hired you to comment FOMO. You obviously haven't seen my galhran cosplay
        how dare you stand where u/toesucker_420 stood
It'd be like a couple hundred max.
    You're clearly forgetting that before they did vaulting the game was already pushing 140Gb. When the game got vaulted we lost IO, Titan, Mars and a few activites. Add that stuff by itself back in and you're hitting 200Gb. Now add in Mercury, D1 Mars, Saturn, the rest of the Cosmodrome, the Plaguelands, and the new expansion and it would easily tip 300, probably closer to 400Gb.
[deleted]
    The problem is that even with old content, Bungie has to update it to keep it current. New concepts get added to the game all the time. New abilities, new effects, and new ways to break the game. Simply adding Stasis and the ability to create crystals broke SO many maps in the game that they had to recreate many kill-planes on the maps to kill some OOB routes.

Basically, any time something new gets added, it needs to be tested in pretty much every activity and every location to make sure it works as intended. Which normally isn't difficult, but when you have as much content as Destiny 2 has, that's a LOT of man-hours put into testing and troubleshooting that could be better spent toward new development. Which is part of the reason why Bungie is removing swaths of the game; so that it's a narrower focal point for their teams to work on and ensure that everything gets polished.
Honestly I’d take a 900 gig file to have all this content. Not like most of us don’t have the space. Rip a lot of console users unless they use an external drive.
    Lol I was gonna say- this gen of consoles wouldn’t even be able to fit the game.
    Just uninstall CoD and you should have at least 900gb
        Ps4 without external storage only stores 500ish

But really I deleted war zone from my ps4 yesterday, not even cod, WARZONE took up 93 gigabytes, it’s really dumb
            Warzone is the greatest case in favor of Vaulting I can think of.   


It's got the same weapon creep that Destiny was trying to avoid.  
You have essentialy one map, made of nearly the same palette of models, and trillion guns from like 4 games worth of shooters.  


90 gigs easy.
            PS4 had frame issues with Siege Engine in D1. Same thing happens when Wyverns spawn in VoG. There's no chance in hell that this would run properly on a PS4 regardless of space.
GeForce Now would probably be the only way to get enough VRAM for that 8k16fps.
Why does the existence of titan make the loading screen for the moon longer? They’re completely separate instances
I thought I was the only one.. God I wish the drifter would just cough it up or shut up already, why is he blinking!?
    I haven't played in over a year and just returned.  Suraya Hawthorne was endlessly blinking when I quit, and she's still endlessly blinking.  The Drifter has recently joined her little cult of harassment.
Are you sure it's not the Prisms and you are full of them so they look grey when you go in but if you hover over them it will say no space? I had this issue for a while.
    Pretty sure.  I've hovered over everything and they all say "Requires _something_ rank"  I'm pretty low on prisms and all that stuff, I use them way too freely.
        Have you collected your truth and other things for resetting your rank from the items on the second page?
Someone did the Drifter weekly . It bugs out as soon as you completed 8 bounties from him, even if you collect your engram and bright dust + it keeps blinking until weekly reset.
It's sooo annoying
Yeah that’s why no other rpg is interesting for me. I get overwhelmed and then drop it forever lol 😂 I’ve had Skyrim and ESO for so long thinking I could get into it, nope
    I've bought Skyrim on 3 different platforms, started and gotten to approximately level 22-25, then inevitably I go explore for a bout 5 hours, forget what I was doing, and drop it.
Oh I'm not actually advocating for it, I just want an artist to make a hypothetical mock up (I'll probably do it myself honestly).

Personally I'm a big supporter of Destiny have dedicated "DCV Slots" where old planets or content can cycle in and out constantly, either seasonally or annually (I think two "planet" slots would make this possible, one for season/year story and content stuff and one just for fun)
    That sounds reasonable, with the Legends tab already here and all.

Though I honestly just wanted an oppotrunity to let some funny quips out.
    I wish they would actually do that... it seems like besides a couple of strikes and a raid from D1, they are just putting stuff into the vault instead of taking things about again...

Plus there is the whole in-universe explanation for where all the planets went... I don't think locations are going to come back, unless they are massively changed
        You do have to account for all the brand new things being added, though, which I honestly prefer over old things being re-added
What? Why would more content increase loading times? You're still only loading one area at a time.
     Ungie bungie conditioned its fan base as such so they will obey and won’t ask questions why their paid content is removed
How does havin more content make load times slower? Having a hard time following…
    Mostly people not understanding how games are made. No game tries to access all of the content at once, it'll just load whatever is called in the moment. Not sure why folks think more content would increase load times...
Not it wont
    **TELESTO WILL COWER IN FEAR FROM THE GLITCHES MANIFESTED**
        Telesto cowers from no one
            They say that there is a first time for everything, you know?

Though I would love to see Telesto combine forces with the greate spaghetti code monster.
you must work for Bungie because this demonstrates a clear misunderstanding of how it actually works
This makes no sense.
If it was client hosted it wouldn't be to bad.
It seems that your comment contains 1 or more links that are hard to tap for mobile users. 
I will extend those so they're easier for our sausage fingers to click!


[Here is link number 1 - Previous text "You"](https://i.imgur.com/QJqxZdG.png)



----
^Please ^PM ^[\/u\/eganwall](http://reddit.com/user/eganwall) ^with ^issues ^or ^feedback! ^| ^[Code](https://github.com/eganwall/FatFingerHelperBot) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=FatFingerHelperBot&subject=delete&message=delete%20hg7sybx)
    i am not fat i just have big hands fuck you
        [.](https://youtu.be/OqjF7HKSaaI)
            Fuck you I can't even press that
    Good bot
    Good bot
Please explain to me in excruciating detail why it would take longer to load and why it would not be possible to have load times stay quite exactly how they are and were before dcv if one assumes somewhat competent developers

man it sucks so much that this wonderful game just got torn to fucking pieces and people are even defending this shit
Well season 69 would be in what, 15 years from now? I'm sure PC's and consoles will be powerful enough by then to easily handle a game of this size.
Look even with that you only get 16 fps
There are some serious misconceptions about video cards in this thread.
    I have to assume they are kidding when they associate load times with GPU performance... Nobody is that uninformed right? Right?!
        Well, some are. I was just making a joke though, and saying "you must have a 20gb/sec ssd and a i21 500 g
Thz " doesn't work as well (mightve butchered that, not well versed in processors)
Console yes but I feel like most PCs can handle the file size, SSDs are pretty inexpensive these days. The loading time wouldn't really be affected since zones are loaded on demand anyway.
    Servers though... and the engine would shit itself
    this, the game shouldnt run too different in any regards escpescially if you have an ssd. its not like the amount of locations change the loading times for a single location or anything. i also feel like the servers as long as they have enough space to contain all the locations  there shouldnt even be too big of an issue as its all instance based.
PCs needing to get upgrades over the years is nothing unusual and current gen consoles aren't that obscenely far from being able to handle that. i would not be surprised if next gen was capable of running comparable stuff. And it's only a matter of time (hopefully short) before older consoles stop being supported.

nobody can seriously expect a pc/console from 2017 to be able to run Destiny circa Final Shape, right?
    i mean you’re right but with how expensive stuff is now and with the scalping issue taking place, not a lot of people have new gen consoles or pc’s that can handle that type of stuff. i was lucky to get a 1650 for the price of a stock ps4
    Fair. Was mostly joking though. But while pcs and consoles should be able to handle that, I doubt the engine will
EZ 😤
Why is the Almightly still there even after Season of the Worthy
Hahah
    you laugh but its true. it took them 6 months to bring back 80% of the cosmodrome, it would take them years to bring back the rest of it
        Yea it would
Like a rotating planet that changes seasonally semi annually. Let’s cycle out content that’s 3+ years old that isn’t even used anymore (cough cough Nessus) and add in new content. Tangled shore is a perfect example of this. Nobody goes there except for glimmer so why not get rid of it for new content.
    Exactly. We already are having old content come in and Destiny is effectively transitioning fully into an evolving live game, but if Bungie shows that old content can and will come back regularly it will sell people on the DCV.

Imagine for some seasonal/yearly stuff we need to go back to the dreadnaught? Okay we go back and then if by the end of the year its not relevent it goes back in. Then for the next year D2 Mars comes back becuase thats a year based around getting Rasputin hooked up? Based we do that.

IMO I think two dedicated slots would be good, the idea would be to have one that rotates for fun and another that rotates for more story implications, at least most of the time.

So if you have one for a season it'll stay for the year while the other one can maybe change halfway through the year or seasonally.

&#x200B;

Overall this would further defines "years" in Destiny. 

"Oh, you remember Year 6 when Prison of Elders came back with the new Tangled Shore? That was awesome!"

"Oh man you totally missed out on not playing Year 7 when the dreadnaught came back but with Xivu Araths warriors taking over everything!"
        I agree 100% but we know the destiny community is far from smart so they’d never accept this bc “my money 😠”
            true but tbh I think it would sell people on it. People only think they are getting scammed due to Destiny 2 not really shipping as a live game (in that sense) but if people are confident the planets and such they paid for will return at some point possibly updated it'll be fine.
                People think they're getting scammed because they're getting rid of things that we paid for.
                    I agree, so they should show thats not happening by making it a cycle of content in which the content that was bought that was believed to be permanent comes back in cycles.
In theory that’s how the DCV works. It’s a cycle. Something comes out, something else comes in. At one point or another the content removed (or, at least some of them) will be reintroduced in D2 and other contents will be vaulted. Right now we’re only seeing D1 stuff (which are part of the Vault as well), but sometimes in the future (already in TWQ, even if just for a couple of maps) we’ll see D2 contents reintroduced in the game...
that would take an insane amount of time and dev work just to get set up and maintained. personally i'd rather they continue comitting time to new stuff (mostly) instead of slaving away at making every piece of old content compatible with the game today
Exactly. This meme is trying to make this situation look bad. But realistically, a UI designer would have this shit clean and smooth looking.
In warframe you can travel to all the planets in the solar system, it looks more organized than this tho.
In order to find the map you have to do you first zoom in on the planet in the solarsystem, then you have to find a node on that map. If you don't remember where a specific thing is you have to google it first because finding the right node is a pain in the ass.
Lmao so true! 🤣
I mean, most important mods got massively changed a couple months back, so you might wanna take another look at them.
    Yeah I haven’t played since then. I mainly used my guns anyways so I imagine my current builds for them haven’t changed much besides them no longer being optimal.
        Honestly I still don’t remember what goes well against what. All I remember is build crit and status.
            Viral, Heat, and either toxin or corrosive are still king in most cases.
                Oh my god you're still talking about Warframe, I thought this was about Destiny and was *very confused!*
                What about puncture, slash, impact or are those case by case depending on enemy
                    Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
                        Ok thx
                        Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
                    Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
                        I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
            last time I played was like.....4 or 5 years ago?

around the time they introduced the raids.

Off of top of my head;

magnetic + poison against corpus
Radiation/viral/corrosion against grineer
for infested it was fire I think?
                You’re right, but sadly both Viral and Heat are the go-to elementals to use in almost all content. Viral paired with a high slash weapon to bypass armor entirely, and heat to have DoT and armor strip. Plus, both those status effect help give the main workhorse mods on melees more damage, so even on enemies that are resistant/immune to Viral/Heat they still add damage for free. 

Warframes build diversity has been very weird lately
        Oh no, they have, a bit
            Oh, I was under the impression they just added new mods for guns that scaled better
    As someone that just made an account a couple weeks ago, the game is mindlessly easy, yet massively addicting. There are really only three modding options for weapons - status, crit, or hybrid so once you look those up and find the mods, thats simple. The warframes have more nuanced and niche builds you can go for, but the weapons are braindead. 

The most complex part of the game is your first few times in Railjack, and eidolon fights are still a complete fuukin mystery to me, but you usually just get carried by other people.
[deleted]
    Too many quality of life mods, like mag size, ammo reserves, reload speed, etc., and not enough damage mods like crit chance and damage.
        Since when did you start playing WF?
            I think I started playing around early high school? Somewhere in the 2014-2015 range. I remember when all the planets were in a ring around the navigation panel instead of a map.
                Ohhh nice, I remember that as well since I started around that time as well. It took me a while to understand the mechanics too.
                    Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
                        Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
95% of warframe playtime is just figuring out how many things youve been doing wrong
Legit took me 1,5 years to know wtf I was doing, devs are the worst at trying teaching young tenno what to do and how to do it. Online guides are 100% required to play Warframe.
    To be fair, any MMO-style game  has always required that if you want to be somewhat successful.

Well, they used to anyway. Playing New World now and kinda longing for the days of games like Anarchy Online, calculating the buffs and laddering implants and maluses so we could get high-level gear onto lvl 1 toons and have pvp competitions. Highest I think I've seen was lvl 60 gear on a lvl 1...

Are there even any games left out there with that kinda depth and complexity besides the few survivors like EVE and whatnot who are still around? anything modern? Not even sure when I last saw a game where gear wasn't level-locked
        Implant and buff twinking in AO is amazing. Wish I still had the patience for it haha
Took me 100 hours to learn the stats that matter are crit, multiplier and status.
ngl when I started warframe back then I had a sense of progression, and what to do, but having tried out destiny I didn't even know how to start a game other than pvp lol, to each their own I guess
    Yea I feel like warframe is better to start and stuff rn over destiny because there’s a sense of progression and you feel like you’re accomplishing stuff. A lot of destiny until the end game, and even the end game, is just find gear, replace that gear, replace it again, replace it again, etc, until you have a high light. At least in Warframe, you’re getting various weapons and frames and stuff you can keep and can even make useful for late game (Rivens are busted).
I quit playing when my weapons stopped working and I didn’t have any good mods to make them work again.  That game is just too unfriendly.
    Starting out it is, but once you get into it it feels great to figure out how exactly to maximize your carnage
        Agree, that DID feel great, I’m like MR11 which yeah, may be nothing, but I did not expect to go from WMD to shooting marshmallows.   I looked into meta mods and tried to grind for them but after dozens of hours with no luck I just called it and stopped playing.
Look for MyNameIsByf on YouTube.  He's the go to for Destiny Lore videos and he recently updated his full history of Destiny video.
    I second byf. I learned so much about the storylines and lore from his videos
    I'll check it out. Thanks
    His videos are awesome, and I love watching them... but I want to EXPERIENCE the game, or at least parts of it. It feels shitty not being able to experience the story myself.
It was still confusing to me after playing hundreds of hours.
28692650x more as a controller player.
whats there to understand? you go there you fight hive and you punch a worm
Near 250gb probably for 10x the content of other 200gb games
    Well it's 88GB right now on my XSX, so it's not so far fetched indeed
    It would be cool if we could choose what we wanted to install based on DLC/campaigns. A bit like how you can choose to not install the campaign over multiplayer for certain games, that way if we wanted to we still have access to most of the old content.
        A bit like MCC, that would be cool. Could be hard to implement though, as D2 is an MMO with an "open world" where all players have to be able to travel and run around, while in MCC all you have is a menu and you can choose exactly what you want to play.

You'd probably end up having to install every open hub map anyway, so the gain wouldn't be so huge as they are very likely to account for most of the game's size.
            Yeah, it's bad enough that new light players have to buy expansions and a season pass to play the latest content.
    Dayum that would take me a week to dl lol
        It took me a week and a half to DL beyond light lmao
            Yea, I live in the country and I'm grateful for the dsl I have but sometimes it's grrrrr.
                I was living in the country too! Now I live in an area that's considered a town but is still country so I have decent internet now. 
I can download 100+ gigs over 5 or 6 hours and thats good enough for me lol.
Oh yeah definitely, but it would have a lot of content for a game that big. And if you can run it, then you'd be pretty happy lol
same but it was an awesome sort of overwhelming lol. i kind of miss it. i discovered menagerie and the weird gambit thing with the nine like three days before bl came out :(
    Gambit thing with the Nine? I didn’t know about this, I don’t think! If it’s related to the quests from Xur, I didn’t quite finish those. And now I wish I had.

I put so much time into Black Armory stuff because I thought it was so cool, and Rasputin-related stuff. I worked my butt off to get every exotic weapon or armor I could after they announced sunsetting and content vaulting. Gotta go into that mode again with Hawkmoons and DMTs. Gotta save every roll, never know what might be good and how they will be obtained afterward. They should really just put Whisper, Zero Hour, Harbinger, and Presage in the Legacy section and keep them.

It was very much a good overwhelming… until they announced they were vaulting most of it.
        i agree 100%. dont know why they won't just do that. zero hour and whisper were so damn cool.
        Gambit thing with The Nine was Reckoning.
I'm an absolute baby at the game and same. Partly it's that the game is very hands-off with how it guides you - which is nice in some ways, but in others... Like, for instance, I bought Forsaken and had to spend ten minutes troubleshooting before my friend mentioned the (new to me) (not pulsing to let me know I had new content) quest archive. I enjoy the game, but I'm glad I have a veteran to guide me when I get confused!
That's true! Ignoring space issues, it could work with some narrative explanations and clear instructions on what order the DLCs were released.
:Zavala voice:
69 upvotes, nice
Another season focused on the Bray sisters? I'm in.
>We are also not talking about balancing and making sure nothing breaks in the game which is another reason bungie wants to lower the size of destiny as it would be really inefficient to constantly have to recheck old content to make sure it works with never updates.

This is all that needs to be said. It's not about making the game smaller. It's about making the game easier to produce content for. They literally can't make content how they want with all the past years of destiny clogging up their production.
    Yeah, imagine waiting another month or 2 for beyond light because stasis bugged on maps from the red war campaign.
        Yep. And that month or two doesn't even add any content either. It just ensures that the new stuff works in old content that people aren't really playing much anyways.
Which is why they should've launched Destiny 3 on a similar timeframe as their transition from D1 to D2, instead of making D2 an infinite game as a service.

Then D3 could be designed from the ground up with PC in mind, rather than an afterthought. While implementing systems that could translate to all platforms instead of hindering all new generations and PC.

Their desire to be crossplay/crossplatform, coupled with PC being a port is what has inevitably lead to so much frustration with the size, load times, and general design of the game. I think crossplay is the future of gaming. But if a studio can't pull it off well and the product suffers as a result, they need to reassess their approach. Bungie is struggling to figure out that balance.

I own the game on Xbox One, PS4, PS5 and PC. I have friends on all four platforms. I *want* to play with them all. I also want the game to not get kneecapped due to older generations. It's a tough situation.
    Yeah they definitely *should* have but once they split from activision they neither had the time nor resources to essentially build the game from the ground up at the very least if they did they’d have a template to work from but it’d still be a mountain of work. I’m sure they want to but can’t justify using the resources at the moment. Surely with light fall or the final shape they’d have an engine overhaul so when service for this game ends it has everything it ever had
        There’s another saga in d2 after lightfall. D2 will be around until 2027 most likely
> No other game that I know of has as many perks, abilities, classes and synergistic interactions as Destiny, the sheer number of different situations is a lot.

Every major MOBA in the world absolutely dwarfs Destiny 2 in terms of unique interactions. It's not even remotely close. 

DOTA 2 for example has 121 different Heroes with **at least** 5 abilities on average, on top of 8 talents as well. Now multiply that by the 200+ unique items they can wield to alter their abilities or class. Trying to figure out how these interact and most importantly **overlap** is a Herculean task.

It's also a continuous PvPvE game which means they have to check for both aspects are congruous, unlike D2 that (aside from Gambit) has both facts existing in a contained bubble.

Most of Destiny 2's mods and perks are simplistic stat values or redundant due to affinities. Aside from exotic perks and seasonal/raid mods, it isn't extensive at all. The exotic armor perks are also unique to a class and typically even a specific subclass and/or ability. Which is even less rigorous.

This says nothing of MMO's which can have upwards of 100+ abilities per class, potentially dozens of classes, and far more enemy types, weapon procs, and so on. The scale and depth of those games are on a completely different level.

The TL;DR is this: there are games with many magnitudes more unique interactions that don't simply throw their hands up and delete content on a constant basis.
    [removed]
> But you cannot tell me they didn’t think about other solutions before ending on this.

I think they absolutely thought of options. I also think they went with the path of least resistance, rather than one that would be the best option for the players and content owners. 

If this is the literal best option for *everyone involved*, then they have royally screwed up somewhere.
Smh Bulgaria hired you to comment FOMO. You obviously haven't seen my galhran cosplay
    how dare you stand where u/toesucker_420 stood
You're clearly forgetting that before they did vaulting the game was already pushing 140Gb. When the game got vaulted we lost IO, Titan, Mars and a few activites. Add that stuff by itself back in and you're hitting 200Gb. Now add in Mercury, D1 Mars, Saturn, the rest of the Cosmodrome, the Plaguelands, and the new expansion and it would easily tip 300, probably closer to 400Gb.
The problem is that even with old content, Bungie has to update it to keep it current. New concepts get added to the game all the time. New abilities, new effects, and new ways to break the game. Simply adding Stasis and the ability to create crystals broke SO many maps in the game that they had to recreate many kill-planes on the maps to kill some OOB routes.

Basically, any time something new gets added, it needs to be tested in pretty much every activity and every location to make sure it works as intended. Which normally isn't difficult, but when you have as much content as Destiny 2 has, that's a LOT of man-hours put into testing and troubleshooting that could be better spent toward new development. Which is part of the reason why Bungie is removing swaths of the game; so that it's a narrower focal point for their teams to work on and ensure that everything gets polished.
Lol I was gonna say- this gen of consoles wouldn’t even be able to fit the game.
Just uninstall CoD and you should have at least 900gb
    Ps4 without external storage only stores 500ish

But really I deleted war zone from my ps4 yesterday, not even cod, WARZONE took up 93 gigabytes, it’s really dumb
        Warzone is the greatest case in favor of Vaulting I can think of.   


It's got the same weapon creep that Destiny was trying to avoid.  
You have essentialy one map, made of nearly the same palette of models, and trillion guns from like 4 games worth of shooters.  


90 gigs easy.
        PS4 had frame issues with Siege Engine in D1. Same thing happens when Wyverns spawn in VoG. There's no chance in hell that this would run properly on a PS4 regardless of space.
I haven't played in over a year and just returned.  Suraya Hawthorne was endlessly blinking when I quit, and she's still endlessly blinking.  The Drifter has recently joined her little cult of harassment.
Pretty sure.  I've hovered over everything and they all say "Requires _something_ rank"  I'm pretty low on prisms and all that stuff, I use them way too freely.
    Have you collected your truth and other things for resetting your rank from the items on the second page?
I've bought Skyrim on 3 different platforms, started and gotten to approximately level 22-25, then inevitably I go explore for a bout 5 hours, forget what I was doing, and drop it.
That sounds reasonable, with the Legends tab already here and all.

Though I honestly just wanted an oppotrunity to let some funny quips out.
I wish they would actually do that... it seems like besides a couple of strikes and a raid from D1, they are just putting stuff into the vault instead of taking things about again...

Plus there is the whole in-universe explanation for where all the planets went... I don't think locations are going to come back, unless they are massively changed
    You do have to account for all the brand new things being added, though, which I honestly prefer over old things being re-added
 Ungie bungie conditioned its fan base as such so they will obey and won’t ask questions why their paid content is removed
Mostly people not understanding how games are made. No game tries to access all of the content at once, it'll just load whatever is called in the moment. Not sure why folks think more content would increase load times...
**TELESTO WILL COWER IN FEAR FROM THE GLITCHES MANIFESTED**
    Telesto cowers from no one
        They say that there is a first time for everything, you know?

Though I would love to see Telesto combine forces with the greate spaghetti code monster.
i am not fat i just have big hands fuck you
    [.](https://youtu.be/OqjF7HKSaaI)
        Fuck you I can't even press that
Good bot
Good bot
I have to assume they are kidding when they associate load times with GPU performance... Nobody is that uninformed right? Right?!
    Well, some are. I was just making a joke though, and saying "you must have a 20gb/sec ssd and a i21 500 g
Thz " doesn't work as well (mightve butchered that, not well versed in processors)
Servers though... and the engine would shit itself
this, the game shouldnt run too different in any regards escpescially if you have an ssd. its not like the amount of locations change the loading times for a single location or anything. i also feel like the servers as long as they have enough space to contain all the locations  there shouldnt even be too big of an issue as its all instance based.
i mean you’re right but with how expensive stuff is now and with the scalping issue taking place, not a lot of people have new gen consoles or pc’s that can handle that type of stuff. i was lucky to get a 1650 for the price of a stock ps4
Fair. Was mostly joking though. But while pcs and consoles should be able to handle that, I doubt the engine will
you laugh but its true. it took them 6 months to bring back 80% of the cosmodrome, it would take them years to bring back the rest of it
    Yea it would
Exactly. We already are having old content come in and Destiny is effectively transitioning fully into an evolving live game, but if Bungie shows that old content can and will come back regularly it will sell people on the DCV.

Imagine for some seasonal/yearly stuff we need to go back to the dreadnaught? Okay we go back and then if by the end of the year its not relevent it goes back in. Then for the next year D2 Mars comes back becuase thats a year based around getting Rasputin hooked up? Based we do that.

IMO I think two dedicated slots would be good, the idea would be to have one that rotates for fun and another that rotates for more story implications, at least most of the time.

So if you have one for a season it'll stay for the year while the other one can maybe change halfway through the year or seasonally.

&#x200B;

Overall this would further defines "years" in Destiny. 

"Oh, you remember Year 6 when Prison of Elders came back with the new Tangled Shore? That was awesome!"

"Oh man you totally missed out on not playing Year 7 when the dreadnaught came back but with Xivu Araths warriors taking over everything!"
    I agree 100% but we know the destiny community is far from smart so they’d never accept this bc “my money 😠”
        true but tbh I think it would sell people on it. People only think they are getting scammed due to Destiny 2 not really shipping as a live game (in that sense) but if people are confident the planets and such they paid for will return at some point possibly updated it'll be fine.
            People think they're getting scammed because they're getting rid of things that we paid for.
                I agree, so they should show thats not happening by making it a cycle of content in which the content that was bought that was believed to be permanent comes back in cycles.
Yeah I haven’t played since then. I mainly used my guns anyways so I imagine my current builds for them haven’t changed much besides them no longer being optimal.
    Honestly I still don’t remember what goes well against what. All I remember is build crit and status.
        Viral, Heat, and either toxin or corrosive are still king in most cases.
            Oh my god you're still talking about Warframe, I thought this was about Destiny and was *very confused!*
            What about puncture, slash, impact or are those case by case depending on enemy
                Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
                    Ok thx
                    Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
                Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
                    I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
        last time I played was like.....4 or 5 years ago?

around the time they introduced the raids.

Off of top of my head;

magnetic + poison against corpus
Radiation/viral/corrosion against grineer
for infested it was fire I think?
            You’re right, but sadly both Viral and Heat are the go-to elementals to use in almost all content. Viral paired with a high slash weapon to bypass armor entirely, and heat to have DoT and armor strip. Plus, both those status effect help give the main workhorse mods on melees more damage, so even on enemies that are resistant/immune to Viral/Heat they still add damage for free. 

Warframes build diversity has been very weird lately
    Oh no, they have, a bit
        Oh, I was under the impression they just added new mods for guns that scaled better
As someone that just made an account a couple weeks ago, the game is mindlessly easy, yet massively addicting. There are really only three modding options for weapons - status, crit, or hybrid so once you look those up and find the mods, thats simple. The warframes have more nuanced and niche builds you can go for, but the weapons are braindead. 

The most complex part of the game is your first few times in Railjack, and eidolon fights are still a complete fuukin mystery to me, but you usually just get carried by other people.
Too many quality of life mods, like mag size, ammo reserves, reload speed, etc., and not enough damage mods like crit chance and damage.
    Since when did you start playing WF?
        I think I started playing around early high school? Somewhere in the 2014-2015 range. I remember when all the planets were in a ring around the navigation panel instead of a map.
            Ohhh nice, I remember that as well since I started around that time as well. It took me a while to understand the mechanics too.
                Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
                    Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
To be fair, any MMO-style game  has always required that if you want to be somewhat successful.

Well, they used to anyway. Playing New World now and kinda longing for the days of games like Anarchy Online, calculating the buffs and laddering implants and maluses so we could get high-level gear onto lvl 1 toons and have pvp competitions. Highest I think I've seen was lvl 60 gear on a lvl 1...

Are there even any games left out there with that kinda depth and complexity besides the few survivors like EVE and whatnot who are still around? anything modern? Not even sure when I last saw a game where gear wasn't level-locked
    Implant and buff twinking in AO is amazing. Wish I still had the patience for it haha
Yea I feel like warframe is better to start and stuff rn over destiny because there’s a sense of progression and you feel like you’re accomplishing stuff. A lot of destiny until the end game, and even the end game, is just find gear, replace that gear, replace it again, replace it again, etc, until you have a high light. At least in Warframe, you’re getting various weapons and frames and stuff you can keep and can even make useful for late game (Rivens are busted).
Starting out it is, but once you get into it it feels great to figure out how exactly to maximize your carnage
    Agree, that DID feel great, I’m like MR11 which yeah, may be nothing, but I did not expect to go from WMD to shooting marshmallows.   I looked into meta mods and tried to grind for them but after dozens of hours with no luck I just called it and stopped playing.
I second byf. I learned so much about the storylines and lore from his videos
I'll check it out. Thanks
His videos are awesome, and I love watching them... but I want to EXPERIENCE the game, or at least parts of it. It feels shitty not being able to experience the story myself.
Well it's 88GB right now on my XSX, so it's not so far fetched indeed
It would be cool if we could choose what we wanted to install based on DLC/campaigns. A bit like how you can choose to not install the campaign over multiplayer for certain games, that way if we wanted to we still have access to most of the old content.
    A bit like MCC, that would be cool. Could be hard to implement though, as D2 is an MMO with an "open world" where all players have to be able to travel and run around, while in MCC all you have is a menu and you can choose exactly what you want to play.

You'd probably end up having to install every open hub map anyway, so the gain wouldn't be so huge as they are very likely to account for most of the game's size.
        Yeah, it's bad enough that new light players have to buy expansions and a season pass to play the latest content.
Dayum that would take me a week to dl lol
    It took me a week and a half to DL beyond light lmao
        Yea, I live in the country and I'm grateful for the dsl I have but sometimes it's grrrrr.
            I was living in the country too! Now I live in an area that's considered a town but is still country so I have decent internet now. 
I can download 100+ gigs over 5 or 6 hours and thats good enough for me lol.
Gambit thing with the Nine? I didn’t know about this, I don’t think! If it’s related to the quests from Xur, I didn’t quite finish those. And now I wish I had.

I put so much time into Black Armory stuff because I thought it was so cool, and Rasputin-related stuff. I worked my butt off to get every exotic weapon or armor I could after they announced sunsetting and content vaulting. Gotta go into that mode again with Hawkmoons and DMTs. Gotta save every roll, never know what might be good and how they will be obtained afterward. They should really just put Whisper, Zero Hour, Harbinger, and Presage in the Legacy section and keep them.

It was very much a good overwhelming… until they announced they were vaulting most of it.
    i agree 100%. dont know why they won't just do that. zero hour and whisper were so damn cool.
    Gambit thing with The Nine was Reckoning.
Yeah, imagine waiting another month or 2 for beyond light because stasis bugged on maps from the red war campaign.
    Yep. And that month or two doesn't even add any content either. It just ensures that the new stuff works in old content that people aren't really playing much anyways.
Yeah they definitely *should* have but once they split from activision they neither had the time nor resources to essentially build the game from the ground up at the very least if they did they’d have a template to work from but it’d still be a mountain of work. I’m sure they want to but can’t justify using the resources at the moment. Surely with light fall or the final shape they’d have an engine overhaul so when service for this game ends it has everything it ever had
    There’s another saga in d2 after lightfall. D2 will be around until 2027 most likely
[removed]
how dare you stand where u/toesucker_420 stood
Ps4 without external storage only stores 500ish

But really I deleted war zone from my ps4 yesterday, not even cod, WARZONE took up 93 gigabytes, it’s really dumb
    Warzone is the greatest case in favor of Vaulting I can think of.   


It's got the same weapon creep that Destiny was trying to avoid.  
You have essentialy one map, made of nearly the same palette of models, and trillion guns from like 4 games worth of shooters.  


90 gigs easy.
    PS4 had frame issues with Siege Engine in D1. Same thing happens when Wyverns spawn in VoG. There's no chance in hell that this would run properly on a PS4 regardless of space.
Have you collected your truth and other things for resetting your rank from the items on the second page?
You do have to account for all the brand new things being added, though, which I honestly prefer over old things being re-added
Telesto cowers from no one
    They say that there is a first time for everything, you know?

Though I would love to see Telesto combine forces with the greate spaghetti code monster.
[.](https://youtu.be/OqjF7HKSaaI)
    Fuck you I can't even press that
Well, some are. I was just making a joke though, and saying "you must have a 20gb/sec ssd and a i21 500 g
Thz " doesn't work as well (mightve butchered that, not well versed in processors)
Yea it would
I agree 100% but we know the destiny community is far from smart so they’d never accept this bc “my money 😠”
    true but tbh I think it would sell people on it. People only think they are getting scammed due to Destiny 2 not really shipping as a live game (in that sense) but if people are confident the planets and such they paid for will return at some point possibly updated it'll be fine.
        People think they're getting scammed because they're getting rid of things that we paid for.
            I agree, so they should show thats not happening by making it a cycle of content in which the content that was bought that was believed to be permanent comes back in cycles.
Honestly I still don’t remember what goes well against what. All I remember is build crit and status.
    Viral, Heat, and either toxin or corrosive are still king in most cases.
        Oh my god you're still talking about Warframe, I thought this was about Destiny and was *very confused!*
        What about puncture, slash, impact or are those case by case depending on enemy
            Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
                Ok thx
                Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
            Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
                I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
    last time I played was like.....4 or 5 years ago?

around the time they introduced the raids.

Off of top of my head;

magnetic + poison against corpus
Radiation/viral/corrosion against grineer
for infested it was fire I think?
        You’re right, but sadly both Viral and Heat are the go-to elementals to use in almost all content. Viral paired with a high slash weapon to bypass armor entirely, and heat to have DoT and armor strip. Plus, both those status effect help give the main workhorse mods on melees more damage, so even on enemies that are resistant/immune to Viral/Heat they still add damage for free. 

Warframes build diversity has been very weird lately
Oh no, they have, a bit
    Oh, I was under the impression they just added new mods for guns that scaled better
Since when did you start playing WF?
    I think I started playing around early high school? Somewhere in the 2014-2015 range. I remember when all the planets were in a ring around the navigation panel instead of a map.
        Ohhh nice, I remember that as well since I started around that time as well. It took me a while to understand the mechanics too.
            Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
                Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
Implant and buff twinking in AO is amazing. Wish I still had the patience for it haha
Agree, that DID feel great, I’m like MR11 which yeah, may be nothing, but I did not expect to go from WMD to shooting marshmallows.   I looked into meta mods and tried to grind for them but after dozens of hours with no luck I just called it and stopped playing.
A bit like MCC, that would be cool. Could be hard to implement though, as D2 is an MMO with an "open world" where all players have to be able to travel and run around, while in MCC all you have is a menu and you can choose exactly what you want to play.

You'd probably end up having to install every open hub map anyway, so the gain wouldn't be so huge as they are very likely to account for most of the game's size.
    Yeah, it's bad enough that new light players have to buy expansions and a season pass to play the latest content.
It took me a week and a half to DL beyond light lmao
    Yea, I live in the country and I'm grateful for the dsl I have but sometimes it's grrrrr.
        I was living in the country too! Now I live in an area that's considered a town but is still country so I have decent internet now. 
I can download 100+ gigs over 5 or 6 hours and thats good enough for me lol.
i agree 100%. dont know why they won't just do that. zero hour and whisper were so damn cool.
Gambit thing with The Nine was Reckoning.
Yep. And that month or two doesn't even add any content either. It just ensures that the new stuff works in old content that people aren't really playing much anyways.
There’s another saga in d2 after lightfall. D2 will be around until 2027 most likely
Warzone is the greatest case in favor of Vaulting I can think of.   


It's got the same weapon creep that Destiny was trying to avoid.  
You have essentialy one map, made of nearly the same palette of models, and trillion guns from like 4 games worth of shooters.  


90 gigs easy.
PS4 had frame issues with Siege Engine in D1. Same thing happens when Wyverns spawn in VoG. There's no chance in hell that this would run properly on a PS4 regardless of space.
They say that there is a first time for everything, you know?

Though I would love to see Telesto combine forces with the greate spaghetti code monster.
Fuck you I can't even press that
true but tbh I think it would sell people on it. People only think they are getting scammed due to Destiny 2 not really shipping as a live game (in that sense) but if people are confident the planets and such they paid for will return at some point possibly updated it'll be fine.
    People think they're getting scammed because they're getting rid of things that we paid for.
        I agree, so they should show thats not happening by making it a cycle of content in which the content that was bought that was believed to be permanent comes back in cycles.
Viral, Heat, and either toxin or corrosive are still king in most cases.
    Oh my god you're still talking about Warframe, I thought this was about Destiny and was *very confused!*
    What about puncture, slash, impact or are those case by case depending on enemy
        Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
            Ok thx
            Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
        Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
            I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
last time I played was like.....4 or 5 years ago?

around the time they introduced the raids.

Off of top of my head;

magnetic + poison against corpus
Radiation/viral/corrosion against grineer
for infested it was fire I think?
    You’re right, but sadly both Viral and Heat are the go-to elementals to use in almost all content. Viral paired with a high slash weapon to bypass armor entirely, and heat to have DoT and armor strip. Plus, both those status effect help give the main workhorse mods on melees more damage, so even on enemies that are resistant/immune to Viral/Heat they still add damage for free. 

Warframes build diversity has been very weird lately
Oh, I was under the impression they just added new mods for guns that scaled better
I think I started playing around early high school? Somewhere in the 2014-2015 range. I remember when all the planets were in a ring around the navigation panel instead of a map.
    Ohhh nice, I remember that as well since I started around that time as well. It took me a while to understand the mechanics too.
        Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
            Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
Yeah, it's bad enough that new light players have to buy expansions and a season pass to play the latest content.
Yea, I live in the country and I'm grateful for the dsl I have but sometimes it's grrrrr.
    I was living in the country too! Now I live in an area that's considered a town but is still country so I have decent internet now. 
I can download 100+ gigs over 5 or 6 hours and thats good enough for me lol.
People think they're getting scammed because they're getting rid of things that we paid for.
    I agree, so they should show thats not happening by making it a cycle of content in which the content that was bought that was believed to be permanent comes back in cycles.
Oh my god you're still talking about Warframe, I thought this was about Destiny and was *very confused!*
What about puncture, slash, impact or are those case by case depending on enemy
    Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
        Ok thx
        Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
    Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
        I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
You’re right, but sadly both Viral and Heat are the go-to elementals to use in almost all content. Viral paired with a high slash weapon to bypass armor entirely, and heat to have DoT and armor strip. Plus, both those status effect help give the main workhorse mods on melees more damage, so even on enemies that are resistant/immune to Viral/Heat they still add damage for free. 

Warframes build diversity has been very weird lately
Ohhh nice, I remember that as well since I started around that time as well. It took me a while to understand the mechanics too.
    Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
        Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
I was living in the country too! Now I live in an area that's considered a town but is still country so I have decent internet now. 
I can download 100+ gigs over 5 or 6 hours and thats good enough for me lol.
I agree, so they should show thats not happening by making it a cycle of content in which the content that was bought that was believed to be permanent comes back in cycles.
Slash is good in most cases, puncture is situational, impact is kinda pointless.
    Ok thx
    Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
Slash is good as a status effect but bad as a damage type. Impact and puncture are pretty functionally useless.
    I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
Yeah, I got hard stuck at MR 8 because I didn’t understand how the mastery system worked. I didn’t realize you had to level up unique items, and not just the same one over and over (I was not the brightest teen)
    Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
Ok thx
Back in the day there was some relevance between slash/puncture/impact and whether you were facing Grineer/Corpus/whatever those alien bugs were called. But I haven't played since Mesa was first released (not Mesa Prime, the original Mesa).
I never see any build video recommend impact or puncture, even if its against armoured units or shieds. slash is king from IPS and viral is king for elemental status, followed closely by heat. Even against Corpus folks just roll with viral despite toxin being more effective
Yeah those sort of issues are a common problem for newer players and veterans alike, especially now that so much content has been added which makes you lose your sense of direction. I always suggest newer players just to pick their favourite frame and play whatever you feel like and look up guides sometimes, so that it doesn't becomes a chore. I still love the game though.
