[[Destiny players in a nutshell.]]





I mean you have to keep checking back to be sure you still hate it.
    God this game fucking sucks im gonna sit and grind all day
        WHY THE DUCK IS THIS ME
            🦆
        God damn I fucking hate grinding bounties better go grind some bounties god damn fix your game bungie



/s so that I am not burned at the stake this is sarcasm please spare me
            TO THE LAKE THAN!
        after i quickly ran out of things to do in the last season it was just about stupid bounties for xp. now that i fucking never play this stupid boring poorly written game i have hours of my life back. 

had some great times in destiny but when you stop for second and look at what youre doing youre doing the same thing over and over again to get a reward that's a slightly different color than the last reward. upgrades requiring  shit ton of resources is just programmed to make you waste your fucking time.

it's like how an addict can hate their drug and their fucking lives or someone lives with their abuser, they hate it but they keep coming back for more. yes, that sounds a little dramatic, because destiny is just a game, but just stare a little past the threadbare game play and you really see how it's just fucking lazy design to make a quick buck. 

glad i dont play this shit anymore.  also who ever writes some of the more esoteric/cryptic dialogue has to realllly get over themselves or just stop hiring writing teams straight out of the 10th grade of  high school. its so cringey
        It may suck less with top tier gear
    A quote from some clown who left a comp game (which we were winning 2-0): "just remembered I hate this game bye"
    Everytime I play I tell myself "God I hate this fucking game it fucking sucks." And then I jump right back into another strike. And then into crucible, it repeats. Soon. Three hours. Gone. Ty bungie.
    F\*ck you and see you tomorrow!
    Omg this is so accurate it hurts.
        If that's what you're doing, ya need help. You shouldn't be spending thousands of hours of your life on something that you claim to hate.
            Clearly you do not understand the destiny playerbase lmao
    lmao, I wrote a similar comment during the last DLC but instead of getting hundreds of likes I got death threats. The funny thing is, I was and still am, on the grind. Glad that my fellow guardians have loosened up...🥶🥶🥶Stasis emoji
I have a highly probable idea of what happened here. This review was made right after playing competitive crucible for the first time, then the reviewer went back to the strike playlist.
    LMAO, I can literally hear him sitting in a corner, rocking back and forth and weeping as they have never wept before.
        "felwinter's... mountaintop...

stasis..."

poor guy
            “Titan’s...he cane at me so fast...he had full overshield....one second he was across the map, the next...i was dead...“

“He didn’t miss a snipe on me...i was AIRBORNE and he didn’t miss...was he hacking...?”
    Man, I played regular crucible and I know this feeling. One round I went 10-0 in a sweeping victory Shaxx had to call. The next I went 1-10 and Shaxx had to call it once again.i had to go play a strike after that loss
    This is why, as a solo PvE nez voidlock player, I'm happy that i can finally obtain the recluse without playing comp. Standard crucible playlists already get on my tits and i haven't been back to comp since i grinded for TLW and probably never will.
    It's not a review of destiny, its a review of ark
We just hate the fact that we love this game
    We're all basically addicts that keep saying we can quit whenever and so list all of the downsides that we can think of to make ourselves and the audience believe that we mean it
        I've taken break from Destiny before. Shit, I almost quit when Curse of Osiris dropped. But I come back every single time and play it for hours on hours a day
            I did manage one good sized brake. I left halfway through warmind and came back at the end of opulence. I also skipped most of worthy. I've been back since arrivals began and I'm starting to feel burnt out again.
                Yeah, I've definitely take more breaks from D2 than I ever did for D1. I'm not sure why, since there's more to do in D2. I feel like D1, in my case, had more replayability
                    I totally agree. I think there being so much content is actually the reason why. With D1 I'd jump between Destiny and other games more often. With there being so much to do in D2 I tend to play until I can't anymore because I don't want to miss anything and then I end up missing a lot anyway because I'm burnt out.
                        That's exactly what it is. Its like a part time job to play this game lol
                            Full time with unpaid opportunities for nights and weekends
                        I think for me its the repetition.  Do the same encounters over and over again.  How many times are we going to have to fight a guy that shoots ice out of a staff or gun?  Last season it was having to play gambit on different planets, the one before that it was extreme basketball.
                        It's because the relatable features of D2 lack variety of depth and things are made unnecessarily grindy so you feel even more like your time is wasted
                        Friend of mine does that, I hate it because I do the thing where I jump from game to game. And then when I log on to play it with him he isn't there and I'm sad.
                        I do the same. I played consistently through the first couple expansions, regardless of how everyone else felt I still loved the game. Left for a bit, came back for forsaken, left for all of gambit season and came back towards the end of opulence, now I'm having another break since arrivals - not sure why but the beginning of arrivals burnt me out hard. Might come back now if I find an excuse to spend another $60 on this game.
                            If you have Xbox, it’s on the Game Pass.
                    I think it has to do with the different content format too. D1 had essentially forced gaps between expansion and everything you did, you could do at your own pace. Some people got everything done within the first month and then moved on for other stuff until the next expansion, some people took longer but ultimately we always ran out of contet and still had months to go til the next meaningful drop, which meant that it was safe to take a break, in fact, it was preferred. Like yeah you could hop on and play crucible or do raids or strikes to relax whenever between those times, but there was always a point when you had done more or less everything you could, and move on for a few months.

&#x200B;

But a lot of people didn't like this. And people called the game dead during periods when there wasn't meant to be anything going on and this was a rinse repeat for 4 years basically. Then we switched to the seasonal format, which eleminated the proper droughts so to speak, so now people can and do play Destiny more or less non stop, and thus it's harder to stave off burn out. It's also likely a factor that a lot of us have been playing for 6 years now (with breaks of course), so naturaly the magic wears off at some point and even if something exciting happens, it will ultimately just feel like "more Destiny". But I def think that this is not helped with the seasonal format over the dlc drop format. We are almost overexposed to Destiny in comparison to d1. So it's def a case of, there being more to do, is not necessarily a good thing in the long run.
                    D2 seems to be more mini-mission based with 1/20 steps to complete a ‘mission’ to me. I like Gambit but I’ll play for 3 hours and probably win 4 times since everyone wants to max out the Mote Limit and die. I’m starting to get the same gear....over and over but I don’t mind cause all I do is dismantle and fuse for my Bow or Boots.
                    That's because D1's crucible was literally perfect. And then they just took that masterpiece and smashed it with a sledge hammer in the form of D2
                    Being able to replay any mission when ever you wanted was nice kind of sad they got rid of that in d2
                    Maybe because it was a fresh game that had a small amount of really good content instead of a lot of so-so content. Like 4 oz of prime steak versus 4 lbs of hamburger meat?
                        4 lbs is 1.82 kg
                I was so hooked on destiny I had to quit playing video games completely for an entire year. Managed to pull it off an never touched D2. Still one of my all time favorite games but damn it is like crack.
                    Easily the greatest addiction of my life.
                        The only other game that I have been this obsessed with was City of Heroes. What can I say? I love the Superpowers vibe. Also with Destiny, I get to shoot stuff, which is bonus. 😀
                I was a diehard when D1 dropped, left after House of Wolves, came back after TTK dropped, got pissed about D2 basically starting over with a lot of the big QoL changes being gone, and only just started playing D2 back in August of this year. Personally, I’ve had a blast, but that’s because I have had a lot of stuff to do all at once. The campaigns, the Arrivals stuff, the raids. It’s been really fun! Though, I was kinda sad to see a bunch of stuff go, especially since the two raids I never got to do (thanks LFG “no mistakes allowed” quitters...) were the original Leviathan run and the one that Anarchy drops from. Can’t remember the name. I hope those come back in the future!
                    Scourge of the Past is the other one you're thinking of. It was one of my favorite raids.
                        That’s it! I will say that fighting the BIG mech dudes during those crux of darkness heroic public events on Europa is nice. I can pretend I’m doing the raid at least lol
                            Hahaha yes it's like house scourge has followed us to Europa! Plus they'll likely be involved in the Deep Stone Crypt!
                It's about balance.  I play Pubg, rocket league, gta online and now cod black Ops as well as Destiny.  I still play WAY more Destiny than any of the other games combined but you have to step back a bit to keep it from becoming a drag.  My concern right now is that I am missing out.  Haven't started the hunt yet, no idea what a lure is, my warlock hasn't been used in almost a month is only 1029.  I am trying to avoid spoilers but feel like I'm getting left behind at the same time.  And I STILL have not gone to Zavala's office to hear the recordings or messages or whatever they are.  People are taking about Crow, no idea how to meet him. And what's worse, I am playing this game with my wife every night for easily 2 hours a night and feel like I'm behind.
                    Yeah, people seriously no life this game and then complain, it's astonishing.
                        Happened across someone last night that was level 69 of the season pass...  It's barely into week two.  Wtf are you doing??
                            Dude, I ran a playlist strike with a guy that was already at 100...I was like, wuh? How?
                                I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
                                    yep bugged
                            You just naturally get that high when playing all three characters to power level for the raid.
                    Dude. I just started with all the strikes on every planet.  I just finished Cayde whole revenge. Kinda cool storyline. Haven’t done Eris dumbass Darth Bane Armor shit because I hate driving around looking for shit every time for her. Then I moved into the individual guardian missions on each planet. You want loot...play gambit.
                The last break I was from the middle of season of dawn to season of the worthy and that was only because I had just bought persona 5. I honestly regret having dawn be the season I skipped though, best armor set imo.
                I basically skipped season of the worthy, and now I regret it because heir apparebt
                I played D1 during it's whole run. D2, I played until right before CoO released, and came back for shadowkeep. Played that for 2 months then took a break until now. Completely wasted the full year pass last year lol
            I quit for the entirety of D2Y1, I hated everything about the sandbox, came back after Forsaken and have stayed since. Y1 felt like 2 step forward 2 steps back from D1, but ever since forsaken I feel the game is just objectively better than D1 and has gotten better with each expansion.
                I don't know how I stuck around for D2Y1. It almost ruined the game for me. The whole weapon system and basic supers skill tree was enough to make me put it down. But I had friends who where on daily so I stayed because of them
                    Yeah the weapon system, only 4v4 pvp, slow movement speed, slow ability regen, super long TTKs in a game where TTK is already pretty long, I just hated it. Luckily it’s all just sandbox stuff that could be(and was) changed. Destiny core gameplay/mechanics are so fundamentally sound that it was easy to revert those bad changes with simply sandbox updates.
            I took a break before the first dlc came and I’ve just come back now, the game has become soo much better!
            I think I took a brake after I completed shadow keep, since I  stuck around since year one , but I've came back since I just love sci-fi
            I’ve been gone since vanilla D2. Just got back in with this latest DLC. There’s a lot to take in.
            That is the trap isn't it? A lot of my friends (myself included) feel like they've invested too much into it to ever walk away completely... I usually end up devouring all the seasonal content then taking a break for the rest while returning for the occasional weekend raid with friends or exotic & sparse content drop after that. Although, many of my friends who play prefer to stick around to find out how thin bungie can possibly spread their content.

8 years of destiny has also taught me to tune out my inner completionist & quit while I'm ahead, like moments of triumph do I really need another title I'm never going to use? Or solstice why bother to fully upgrade the armor when you can just upgrade each character to tier 1, get the ornaments & call it a day. etc
            I actually did get out around the time CoO dropped.

But every time I think I'm out, *they pull me back in*, and I've kept playing now for about the last 2 months.
        “I can quit whenever I want”

“Then quit”

“I don’t want.”
        Honestly, the content vault was exactly what I needed to finally get me off my Destiny addiction. Never thought I’d say this but thank fuck for the content vault, my social life appreciates it lol
            who wants a social life it's all virusey out
            I was getting downvoted for saying the same thing on some other post lmao
                Man that’s dumb. It’s not like we’re saying the game sucks or anything, we just wanna stop being couch potatoes :,)
            Knowing everything I did in Arrival would be useless in BL was the kick I needed. Completely uninstalled. Ive been enjoying so many other games now. Nothing feels as solid as Destiny's gunplay, but its great to not have that weight on my shoulders.
    FUCK YOU, AND I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW!
    Fr though. The new assassins creed has taken the destiny hooks out of my skin though. Boy do I fucking love getting drunk and chopping some heads off in my game
    War thunder player here... can relate.
    I can't find a single game that gets close to the enjoyment level I get from Destiny. And still every year when solstice rolls around, I get a week into the grind and decide I'm over this game. Then a new expansion drops and I'm back in love with the game. It's a yearly cycle.
    #FUCK YOU AND I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW
    The Nickleback Effect
    I fucking hate this game. Now leave me alone so I can play it.
    Heroin addicts say the same thing!
    It's a grind-or-fall-behind skinner box FOMO machine. It takes advantage of vulnerabilities in our stupid monkey brains to keep us playing. You don't keep playing because you like it, you keep playing because *not playing* gives you anxiety.
    I mean it’s true. I hate the fact that every time I play there is something that happens that I’m like “wtf. Why didn’t Bungie do ______ instead of ______” and yet here I am. Still playing.
Ten bucks says that’s a Warframe review
    Was about to laugh but I kicked my Warframe habit... by getting into Destiny. Oh well!
        I think a lot of people did.
        Yep, same here. I mean, I'm having more fun with destiny, but it's also a more demanding game time-wise so... I feel like I've traded my cigarette addiction for a crack cocain addiction.
            Yeah I know that whenever I play Warframe my many warframes will be just as overpowered and capable of being essentially invincible as ever (which can get boring) but at least there's no sunsetting or catching up
                I barely used 98% of the things I built there because they didnt perform as well as the rest
        I did the reverse...

please help me
    I think it was from ark if I'm not mistaken
        I believe it. Ark is ass and filled with bugs and poor optimization but its also great. Plus rideable dinos
            If it's the review I'm thinking of the guy explained that he was severely handicapped and Ark was basically his social life. So even though he disliked a lot about the game he played it because that's where his friends where.
    Ark review.
    There are a lot of similar reviews for blender
    i think it’s ark - survival evolved but i could be wrong
    I am 99% sure ive seen this post before and it was cofirmed for ark survival evolved
I love this game in theory. In practice its a whole other fucking beast.
    I don't understand the love for this game. A buddy an me played it for the first time when it became free2play on steam. We like borderlands well enough and though "yeah, let's try it". According to Steam we played for about 8h before we both went "this is it? This is boring. I heard good things about the game. how?"
        The real fun starts when you are equipped enough to try a raid, then beat it! Hooked after that
            Been playing d2 for years and haven’t done a single raid. Still have lots of fun. I just like shooting monsters and blowing them up with space magic
        You probably havent reached any even mildly challenging content. All the story/missions that a freetoplay player can access early is mindblowingly easy.  
Once you get into end game, and are forced to actually get the best gear to be able to even attempt any content, ans then still be needed to be really skilled to complete the challenges.  
Thats when it begins to be fun.
        Cool story bro
        Ok.
Nobody hates Destiny more than Destiny players
 It’s not a destiny review lol I’ve heard people say it’s ARK but I don’t know for certain
    As someone who has played both I could easily see it being ark
        Backing you up here. ARK is pure concentrated toxicity. From its community to the game itself, but every few weeks I gotta get my hit and check on my dinosaurs.
    I know this is not a Destiny review. I mean Destiny fandom in general.
    It IS an ark review.
You say that but in its current state I wouldn’t recommend D2 to a newbie.

At least right at the beginning you had a structured storyline to progress and finish, along with endgame content that thematically fit with the story. After Forsaken (which was an excellent DLC for current players) the “new player” experience went downhill.

Starting fresh right now, post Beyond Light, has unintentionally become the most confusing mess I’ve ever seen. Removing D2’s original story as part of the live experience has left a massive hole in content and while it was arguably a required change, the game is fractured between those of us who have been here from the beginning, and the kinderguardians who are thrown into a vague quest chain; released upon the world without the handholding we, the old guard, had.
    I played the game back when it costed money, then I came back just randomly when it became free and I was so confused on what to do that I looked up how to do the original campaign and I went from there
        same
        This and the icon overload in the very beginning were the only problems, though. Once you got past the many icons and what they meant and you actually discovered that there are three cinematic campaigns waiting for you, it was great from there. 

Unfortunately i only got through half of the Red War campaign until the content vault was introduced. Now i really don't now what the fuck is going on story wise. The new player experience got trimmed down, which isn't a bad thing, but story wise... who the hell do they expect to attract new players? 

It seems like this game is now only focused on the existing playerbase and literally stoped caring at all about growing the player base.
            Interestingly, I have seen many veteran players complain that Bungie is catering to New Light players at the cost of the veterans. This opinion has been pretty common since the transition to New Light during Shadowkeep.
                I mean... that might've been the case a year ago, but look what they've done now. There really is no free 2 play anymore other than getting a demo mission of the DLCs and the new "New Light" experience, which is simply a tutorial and nothing more. Other than that... it's almost like starting to watch a TV show with multiple seasons but starting at season 3 episode 4. Yeah, you'll get the hang of it, just research the story on Youtube.
                    I think they've crossed into "very large game" category and don't want to give in to it. Given Destiny's content and playstyle were fun, I didn't mind it was a 100GB game quite like I minded cod eating my hard drive, so I disagree with vaulting in the sense that they shouldn't have had to vault story and campaign, at least. They could've trimmed other things and left the campaign (or adjusted it so you don't need the planets). 

That being said, I'm a New Light player anyway, and it took two days to *find* the campaign when I started. Fantastic game, I loved it once I could get into the missions - but it certainly didn't try to make me enjoy myself at first lmao and I imagine that's not any better now that it's all gone
                        Same here. I've discovered the game a few months ago. Was super confused at first, because i was expecting some kind of cinematic... like, where's the story? What am I doing here? Who is everyone and why are they important? 

The New Light questline wasn't really clear on what it was, which is a very basic tutorial and a redline to guide through every location and nothing more. 

But once i discovered the campaigns - just like you - i started to have immense fun. The story wasn't anything special, but it did the job in giving you a basic overview on what you needed to understand your place in the lore. Now that's gone. The New Light tutorial - which it's still just a tutrial and nothing more - is better because it's more condensed. 

But after that... well you either buy into the DLCs because the gameplay sucked you in... or you'll just sit there asking yourself what the story of Destiny is even about. It doesn't really eluminate anything that you couldn't summurize into 3 sentences.

I agree that the whole vaulting thing to save space on your harddrive was stupid. The downsides are so much bigger than the upsides.
                        Although I would prefer no vaulting at all as I find more content = better, I think the biggest offense was vaulting the raids/Leviathan instead of making them meaningful like they did to the outdated raids in Destiny 1.

Also I miss the Tribute Hall and Menagerie
    Actually with the last update that has gotten better again. New light completely sidelined the original campaign and replaced it with nothing. Sucks that this campaign is completely gone now, but it wasn't easy to find before and pretty useless as all the progression was removed from it with everybody starting with all abilities unlocked and at a high level anyways.  
Now there's at least a beginner's area with the extended cosmodrome that gets people in the swing of things and the game doesn't overwhelm the player with a ton of confusing quests once they set foot into the tower the first time.  
Still really missing some of the old content like escalation protocoll (apart form the whole cache thing) and cool moments like the introduction to titan.
        I tried out the new light campaign and was pretty nice. Though i did notice it would be just as confusing as before to a new guy after the campaign is over since it just throws u to the sharks again
        problem is theres no new light content anymore
            That’s odd. My quest log says there is. My time on the Cosmodrome also say differently.
    There is a whole new starting experience that came with BL though that addresses that.
        I’ve played through the BL New Light experience and my opinion was that it was a vague quest chain with no real purpose other than to give new players Riskrunner. It’s a poor replacement for a 6+ hour campaign. I was genuinely more invested in taking Gary down during the Red War than I was doing busywork for the FNG.
            yeah i started this april and i liked the game but it was the red war and all the cool ass cinematics that made me fall in love with it.
        I've been playing (a lot) for a couple years and ended up going through that quest somehow in the cosmodrome. It would help totally new people but it was confusing/jarring for me.
        No it doesn't. You don't have any clue what is going on storywise after going through the new starting experience. It's a better and more condensed tutorial, sure, but no introduction into the world and lore of Destiny.
            Did you ever play destiny 1 tutorial? I’m well-versed in the D2 lore and the base game of D1 was an absolute lore disaster. A well-documented and admitted one by Bungie. The current condensed “the traveler is light and it has an ancient enemy” story in the new light experience makes loads more sense.
    Not to mention most of the best dps weps are unavailable. I wanna get my bro into d2 but the things i want him to have and try like falling guillotine arent available. Same with fellwinters. Best shotty in the game for crucible. I dont even have it myself now cause i missed the window. I felt the same way back in oppulence. Like , id hate to see a new light player try and grind those statues out with no large reserves of mats/shards. The best items in a game should always have a path available for obtaining them.
        For real. If you check my account, I have the Seventh Seraph armor and a few of the weapons, and what i think was an emblem called Seraph's Wings or smth from watching Rasputin blow up the Almighty at the end of Worthy, so I had more than enough time to pick up Felwinter's, but I didn't. I also could have grabbed Falling Guillotine too but I got sidelined with work and wasn't able to play Destiny for months.   


Now new players can't get them and it's somewhat unfair to them, playing with/against people who have these things. Hell idc if it costs like 20k shards or something to get it after the season, I'd still grind my ass off to get them.
            It took me till like the last ironbanner before fells lie was nerfed in d1 before i finally got my hands on it and i had no job back then. Id grind 10x that in d2 and still work 40hours a week for it if i could, but bungies like nah.
    Yeah no. This shit is structured af after playing Warframe!
        Having also played Warframe...



I’ll give you that.
        What you dont always have the wiki up on your second monitor? /s
        While I don't disagree (after all after the tutorial Warframe gives you no direction in the game at all), just because one of them has a very lackluster new player experience doesn't mean the other doesn’t. D2's new player experience has gotten a lot worse since Y2.
        At least warframe didn't had as much content gutted out of it.  
The only thing that is really missing are a few events that make Salad 's chronology make sense.
        I fail to see how being better than one of the worst examples of game structuring is the definition of "good".

It's terrible.  Just because it's not in dead last doesn't make it any better.  A 1/10 isn't acceptable just because there is a 0/10 as well.
    Disagree. Calling the *new* New Light campaign a "vague quest chain" isn't really accurate to the overhaul that's been done to it.

While, yes, it was good to have the three campaigns available for free to new players, you don't need that much content to figure out if you like the game or not, and there is plenty of free content available to let people stay free-to-play for as long as they want.

The *new* New Light experience is an excellent way of introducing players to Destiny with a ~1-2 hour quest line. It establishes all the need to know mechanics and terms, all of the tower vendors, and once you're familiar with everything, opens up the rest of the planets, strikes, gambit, and crucible.

Also, all of the first missions to each campaign are free to play. You can do those missions to decide if you want to get any of the expansions, which are all on sale right now.
        > The new New Light experience is an excellent way of introducing players to Destiny with a ~1-2 hour quest line. It establishes all the need to know mechanics and terms, all of the tower vendors, and once you're familiar with everything, opens up the rest of the planets, strikes, gambit, and crucible.   

So you're suggesting strikes, gambit and crucible are the 3 main reasons to play the game?  
If so then that's terrible.  

The entire point of the campaign's was to enjoy an actual campaign with a compelling narrative. Destiny 2 was touted as "an MMO that plays like a single player RPG"  
And it was on release. It felt kinda like a co-op shooter that was also an RPG.  

But what's an RPG without a compelling storyline?  
There's no "beginning" anymore. You just start 3/4 the way through now with new players boosted to 1050, as if the rest of the game only existed to get you to the end game.
        That’s your opinion on the BL New Light experience. I agree that the mechanics of the game are explained, but I disagree that the questline, which amounts to busywork for the FNG, is engaging. A proper story invests players into a game and the Red War did that for me.

In my opinion, the BL New Light experience was a cheap way to shoehorn Riskrunner into everyone’s hands rather than make people more invested.
            Exactly. It does a better job at telling you how the game works, but it's awful for anybody who actually cares about the story of Destiny. The only argument for a new player to get into this game is if he REALLY loves the gameplay, where as before they actually had really interesting campaigns to get you hooked on the lore and story of this world.
        As a brand new destiny player who picked up the game and quit after 5 hours, I have to strongly disagree. It’s the worst intro to an mmo I’ve ever played. It’s like being dumped in a half-finished world with no explanation or understanding of what’s happening and no way to actually figure it out. Destiny as a new player is like a 2/5 experience at best. Hopefully they weren’t aiming at building their player base.
            Damn, see ya
    I am one of these "kinderguardians" lol. I totally agree with what you said, I picked up Destiny 2 F2P a week ago, and I was expecting a basic campaign for new players and stuff, but I never found it. It was only after going on Reddit that I understood what was taken off the game. Now all I'm left with are questions : who is Cayde-6 ? why did he have to die ?  I never got the chance to witness how funny he was and I feel like I missed out on so many other things...
        dont listen to the other guy. if youre on gamepass it includes shadowkeep and forsaken id play those. i would 100% not pay full price for those right now though.
        And this is why I recommend that you don't play the game.  If Bungie is shown that their changes are detrimental to the game by seeing a declining player base and significantly fewer new players sticking around, they may be incentivized to fix the giant fuck up they created here.
    The hardest part for new players is explaining how to bridge the horrible gap of content between the interesting campaign stories and the really fun high-level content and trying to get them to keep playing and leveling long enough to get them to do the fun stuff.
    As a complete newbie this is how I felt the first time I played it when it came on Game Pass. After 10 hours play I still had no idea what the fuck was going on.
        Get out and play a different game. Destiny doesn’t take new players anymore
    I really hate when I look at guides or builds on YouTube and they all use mods or weapons that new lights can't get. I wanted to do the legend lost sectors, but all the builds required mods that utilize charged with light, rasputin cells, and guillotine.
        There is a charged with light mod for sale at Banshee right now tho...
    Same, became a pretty hard sell to the rest of my friends because the game would just drop them in and not exactly tell them anything.

I never player D1 but the Red War seemed like a great starting point for mw to get into the fun.
        I finally got one of my friends to give D2 a try this year and watched him play the first 30 minutes of New Light and completely understand why he hasn’t been back since. It was a mess. It was both overwhelming in terms of the amount of stuff you need to learn without any real explanation and underwhelming in terms of content. I hope the new experience is better.
    Plus any new light players just had a bunch of the content they had for free vaulted. I don't see how this can be such a messy mix of free to play and pay to play. There's no chance of convincing any of my skeptical friends to play the game now, let alone pay full price for the expansions and seasons all the time.
    Honest to god BL or like shadow keep should have been the start of D3. You are totally right that they milked the vanilla setting  waaaay too much and it is long gone.
    Since they handled things the way they did I think they would’ve been better of just making a new game because with the sun setting of weapons and the removal of base game content it makes most the the progress made previously worthless and the story experience for the new player is horrible. Although I’m grateful that I get to keep my titles and exotics I’m sure they could’ve implemented a way to carry it over into the new game, and I’m among the minority of players who actually grinded for titles most players just play casually which is completely fine and arguably a more enjoyable way to play the game rather then spending hundreds of hours for a purple word beneath my name
        I think that is why I am ok with the changes that they made, I haven't been able to play that much this year. I am playing when I can now and I am enjoying what's there, was a little surprised that I couldn't use Hammerhead, but I get why they are doing it.
        As someone who wouldn't mind a grind in my occasional free time, what purple words would you recommend I try to add below my player's name?
        That would require them making a whole new campaign to justify a $60 price tag on a new game.  We all know how Bungie handles things, if they can take a shortcut, they will.
    "oh it's fine just go and watch this video series on Youtu-"  
#NO   

I shouldn't have to watch videos and read guides for a game to make sense. That's just bad/lazy game design.   

Find me one player who started at D2, is still playing, and has never had to "study up" to understand the story from Forsaken til now.   

Red War, Osiris and Warmind all made complete sense within themselves. After that they began to mess up the new player experience.
        Yo. Didn't really play D1, currently have hunter and warlock at 1250 light with titan at 1246; without artifact.

You asked for one player.

Hi.
            Didn't even have a console until after Shadowkeep. Started on the D2 beta on PC. Have about 2k hours between 3 characters and came pretty close to cleaning out my quest log on my hunter before Beyond Light.
                There are dozens of us! Dozens!!!
    I was gonna start playing before beating light came out but never had a chance and now I’m even more scared to start since comments like this imply is happening, I feel like if the stuff that was taken out could be accessed through a quest that let you experience the story and pretty much only that would be good, but people would probably break it somehow
    Who the fuck cares about the red war campaign bruh
        People who have been here since the start and think a full campaign is a better way of teaching newbies the ropes than a random questline.
        It's better than a cheap questline where you either stand around doing fuck all or grab some items off of dead enemies
            The campaign isnt good and was half a tutorial the first couple missions and then turned into a chore. I know its hard to understand but 99% of new players  dont need that shit to learn the ropes, you play and get into beyond light and you get the gist of if, especially since its up to date with progression systems. New light is what it should be, quick and easy quests to understand the base structure of the game. Not a shitshow of out of date campaign missions that youre forced to finish. Am i on dtg why the fuck am i even arguing about this
                So... shove new and inexperienced players into the wider game as quickly as possible? What could go wrong?
                You seriously have zero understanding of game design if you think that the campaign isn't an extremely important part of the game to hook new players in.

New players don't pick up Destiny hoping to grind bounties and strikes immediately with zero world building.  You need to feel invested in the world around you to start doing this kind of busy work.  That's what a campaign is for.

Earth is under attack.  Guardians like you just had everything taken from them.  It's up to you to restore yourself and take the fight to them.  It's a simple story that builds a world around us.  As we play, we become invested in particular characters and particular areas.  Things have value to us because we're given a reason to value them.  Then we choose to do the grind after we're hooked.

Some people (apparently you) don't need that.  That's great.  But to act like nobody needs it since you don't is ignorant.  This is game design.  This is proper world building to hook more players in.  This is what was removed from the game.  So now we can only attract the few people like you into the game from here on out while everyone else gives up because they just don't care about the game.  They don't care to put in the work for something they don't care about.  It's not enjoyable to them because they weren't given a reason.

We had that reason.  It was removed.  That is not good for the game, even if it was a sub-par campaign experience compared to other games.  It was necessary.
    Yeah I just started out and I don’t understand why they took out the story campaign I’m just playing the free stuff right now and it’s kind of weird trying to figure out what to do, I guess I really gotta buy the dlc
        You can't really do anything without the DLC, tbh. Forsaken and Shadowkeep aren't worth their price tags right now due to how worthless most of what they had are in the current sandbox, but you have to have them for the locations (I think), the subclass branches, the exotics, and the raids.
            Yeah I mean I can like fuck around on those maps and stuff I just can’t do any of the missions which sucks. I’ve never done a raid and I really want to but none of them are free right now did they ever have any raids for free in the new light free to play package ?
    Upvoted for kinderguardians holy shit
    I started playing some weeks ago and I don’t understand shit. Like wtf is going on what do I have to do and why am I so high level lol.
    Yep. Started 2 weeks before beyond light dropped and I don't really have any clue what to do, so I just grinded to get to end game so I can do raids with mates and whatnot. All I know story wise is that Cayde died, the dark was bad but now it's not, but we still gotta stop it, and now some planets are missing lol
    I would still recommend it. Its a fun multiplayer shooter you can play with friends, it has a great lore, fun weapons and armor, good fashion system, and raids exist
    I had two friends start with me a couple days before “Beyond Light “ 
I warned them that a lot of content would be vaulted and they should play the three campaigns while they had a chance. 

It was nice to be playing with friends for once in this game so I played the Red War Campaign with them. 

Had a great week of game time until the day everything was vaulted. 
They were lost when they signed back on and had no direction to progress. 
They don’t play anymore haha
    Started messing around a month ago after picking it up for a bit when it went FTP, and realized there was a campaign last week before the update launched. Kinda sad I can’t play it.
I was gunna buy this expansion after I finished the older campaigns so I can play it in order but I’m kinda SOL. 
I’m thinking I’ll just play this season till they bring back the other campaigns/planets and start then.  Hopefully they’re not vaulted forever. 
Also, love the term kinderguardian.
    Yep totally. I started playing 2 days before the start of Season 12 and was doing a campaign and then all of a sudden a big cinematic saying that bunch of worlds were removed and then Im thrown into the pit that is the start of forsaken dlc where Cayde-6 dies, after that he appears then disappear then appears again and later people are mourning his death. I knew what was happening as some other games also have this and this same thing happened to me in Elder Scrolls Online so it wasnt new. Still I have very little knowledge of the world. I know the basics like Darknes, Light gives Guardians powers like Arc, Solar and Void, Ghosts resurect guardians with light etc. but thats pretty much it. I know that humanity is destroyed and lives in one Last City but who the fuck are Awoken? What is the flow of the story? Im just here to grind lol. Grind for what, I dont know. I just like feeling powerfull and magicall untill I come to nightfall and get fucked.
    [deleted]
It's possible to like a game but not recommend it.  It's also possible that game has psychological hooks, you know like Destiny does
    This is me playing Civ V, I played it in college. Every time I opened it I would fuck up something in my life. It would somehow teleport me 48 hours into the future where I had almost no sleep, destroyed my diet, fucked up a personal relationship and neglected my deadlines.

8/10, would never play again.
    Like giving a negative review of slot machines or smoking whilst spending large amounts of time doing those things.

I had to quit D2 because I hate the grind, but fomo and my completionist attitude kept me playing but not having fun.
        I was like this when Forsaken released. Life circumstances presented me with a lot of free time, which was consumed largely by D2. Quit when Black Armory dropped, disgusted with myself and having fallen out of love with this game.

A couple of times I almost came back, as friends built up the FOMO inside me. I resisted because I knew the grind ahead of me to get to a position I'd be comfortable with (much like you, exhausting all content with a completions attitude).

Now I've downloaded Beyond Light as it was on Game Pass. Last DLC I bought was Forsaken, last played then as well. I've not done a single raid (Fuck randoms, but my mates are too casual to get 6 of us Raid ready if we all come back). I've got no idea what is what anymore. Everything is still the same but so different. The story is bollocks and uninteresting, same enemies just reskinned. Crucible is a sweatfest (no change there, except I'm 1050 light with gear that's 100% obsolete). The game doesn't tell me what I can get rid of (sunset gear), so my vault is full of gear with some still from near release.. You know, "just in case", possibly they'll revert updates or make the gear usable again. 

I'll probably try and finish the new story then leave again. I will say that Eververse is still a disgusting cashgrab with some of the best cosmetics in the game by a mile (the game threw up two screens of exclusive content on a season pass, exotic also gated behind a Deluxe Edition purchase). I feel like as a returning player i may as well have never played before, I'm missing FOTM exotics and mods that I'll never get. It's like staring at a mountain and all the veterans are playing at the summit, the path up there is hard, arduous grind and I'm probably just going to have to accept that I'll play a story that means nothing to me without 3rd party website research, stick to throwing random blues on myself and try not to go third person and just play the new strikes once or twice, and finally see what Public Events I can fly through just for the sake of seeing them.
    I love the shit out of R6 Siege but there's basically no situations I'd *ever* recommend it to new players. Way too hard to get into.


Games are addictive. Some games, like Destiny 2, are specifically made to be *more addicting*. Light level scaling, Sunsetting, season pass "fomo", pvp balancing. I really enjoy the base gameplay, how guns feel to shoot, how powers feel to use, but I'd have a review right there with the dude. Thousands of hours and Not Recommended.
I hate Destiny, it's my favorite game
"Fuck you I'll see you tomorrow!"
    *Closes the door aggressively*
Wow if he played 16 hours a day that's over 1100 days. How long has this game been out?
    He is destiny.
    [deleted]
        This is not a Destiny review. I mean Destiny community in general.
        Not “almost”. Even with the game running on the launch screen 24/7 since its release on steam (which does count toward hours played on steam - https://chrisfried.github.io is much more accurate), it hasn’t even been 10,000 hours.
    It's not from destiny. I can't remember if it was dota or ark but even the most obsessed destiny players play time don't hold a candle to the average ark or dota player.
        I have seen alot of Dota reviews like that. But most are fake getting playtime by Steam Archivment Cheating Software and similar.

I remember Notail the winner of TI8 and TI9 (Dota championships) hitting 15000 hours playtime during the finals of TI8. And he has been a professional player since 8 years.
            I have 7k in dota 2 and haven't really played in almost 5 years. There are a lot of players that play way more than me and and they have had 10 years to do it. Hell, I have over 1k in Ark and pretty much everyone agrees that's the minimum threshold to stop being a newbie.
I played the game and enjoyed it right until the first new season. That's when I realised that this was going to be the game loop from now on. New season, a new grind and a fresh feeling of missing out because I didn't pay extra for the season. 

I hate seasons in video games.
Actually true. People assume my criticism of the Loot is because i hate the game and want it to die. Even when content drys up, i'm still playing Crucible for a couple hours a week.
I mean you've never seen someone do drugs for years, get clean and warn others not to do drugs, and then relapse and start doing drugs again? 

accept their warning for what it is.
Sure am glad some helpful tumblr user decided to leave a detailed explanation on exactly how this image is humorous.
    Thats what happened when you take the porn off the site.
So this isnt even possible.

D2 has only been out for a year on Steam.

There are only 8760 in a year.

This is not Destiny2.
It’s a mess but it’s our mess, and we love it
We all have that fire team mate who is on 25 hours a day, 8 days a week, and they won’t shut up about how “broken this stupid f****** game is—I’m sick of it!”

Like, dude... if I did *anything* as much as you play D2, I would hate it, too.
    This is absolutely me, hahaha. Addicting lore and world building, shit game. But my attitude is with how aggressively anti-player Bungie's efforts are with design and priorities in fixing bugs. They intentionally make you suffer through the same activities for hours and hours to see any meaningful progress, and they have minuscule loot/xp glitches patched within days or even hours yet leave detrimental bugs untouched for months. I'd have refunded the expansion but can't because it was a pre-order I was goaded into getting by friends. So now I'm stuck playing this for another year.
That’s r/destinythegame for you
    Yeah Jesus Christ they love to complain
        Yet they remain the official sub and get taken seriously.

While this sub tries its hardest to ignore problems, post memes, and jealously whine about its older sibling sub.

The fan made stuff is dope though.
        Theres a good reason r/destinycirclejerk exists
            Yeah but to be fair, that sub is another extreme. 

r/dtg is the one with the whiny complainers who don’t realise that Bungie has done good things while r/destinycirclejerk has the whiny defenders who don’t realise Bungie has done bad things. 

It’s a strange balance I guess.
        Yeah i dont spend any of my time in r/destinythegame because it's a toxic piss pool  


(Edit: a word)
    r/destinythegame when bungie decides to change the game in any way
Elite dangerous is an incredible fun game but most people I know wouldn’t recommend it to someone unless that person really wants a space simulator. Too many people go in to the game expecting an arcade space ship fighter, and in the end get disappointed by what meets them. Right now destiny is in an awful state for new and hardcore players, most people joined earlier and are just along for the ride.
10 bucks says it’s DbD
Probably sweatcicle
This game fucking sucks and I hate it would not recommend I’m done I’m quitting. 1000 hours at the time of review 2300 at current
Sunken Cost Fallacy. I don't recommend waitfarm to anyone but I got 5k hours.
Despite all this games flaws, it is still easily my favorite franchise I’ve ever been a part of. Have I despised it at certain times? Yes. Have I taken a break for a while? Yes. But I always come back. As much crap as we give this game (some of it rightfully so) we still come back day in and out. If that ain’t dedication I don’t know what is
That’s 2 entire years of playtime... wtf
Battered wife syndrome. 

WoW has this too. People just have so much time invested in it they can never quit.
I fucking hate Destiny, it’s my favorite game! -r/dtg, usually
Reminds me why I hate the general DTG reddit 

It’s just a cesspool or complaining
accurate.
Honestly same
Sounds about right
I believe the pic was fork Ark...I seriously dont know if I love that game or hate it.
This game is a love hate relationship
It was definitely one of those o so original ‘don’t like this game, got bored instantly’ with thousands of hours played
People will put 100s of hours into beyond light playing basicaly every day 9-3 am in the first week and then complain that there is nothing to do
Well i also gave a negative with like 2k hours. But no, im not gonna quit, but i can see myself playing less this season, i cant recommend destiny for newcomers and f2p players in this current state.
My girl asks me everyday "Actify why do you play a game you hate?" And I always respond "because I love it". Am I in a cult?
When D2 players complain, it’s the equivalent of an addict critizing his dealer for the quality of his heroin. 

(3700+ hours, i should know...)
It's actually a review of ARK Survival evolved
Sunsetting finally did it for me. Bungie hasn’t gotten a second of playtime from me in almost a year. Saw the cluster foxtrot that was stasis in crucible and I’m glad that beyond light released and wasn’t even a blip on my radar until I saw some buddies playing on my Steam friends list. If you still play and enjoy it good for you, but I’m done with Bungie not respecting me as a player and my invested time.
My Steam review for D2 starts with "I have never been so invested in the lore and gameplay mechanics of a game that I can't recommend." It boils down to the poor anti-consumer business decisions more than the game itself.
There was one review that was “it’s my favorite game and I love, don’t recommend”
People only review when they feel very strongly in one direction. See if the review lines up with a particular class getting nerfed; I bet I can guess which class their playing HAHA
Lol I feel so attacked
I can love a game but dont want to recommend it to my friend, cant I?
This is me with Rust. Rust is the first game I've ever played where I had such a bad time playing it that I actually left a negative review on steam. That was after 4ish hours. Easily over a 100 hours later, I honestly can't say that I feel too different about the game.
I wonder how many times they ran The Arms Dealer strike.
    “Surprised he hasn’t painted the place chartreuse to match his armor”
Someone starting the game fresh would be so confused and literally unable to play, and would never be able to actually get all those vaulted exotics or legendaries, and they would have to make do with only blues and new stuff from this season since other items are gone
I love the game, but I just can't agree with Bungie's choices. Like it or not, they either need a partner, or they need to make better content themselves. They've proven they can do it, Taken King was made with no side studios in sight, and Rise of Iron, while small, was incredibly good content I would put about on par with beyond light, and that was made by a VERY small part of the team. I get that they might have half of Bungie working on their new IP, but they must know that Destiny matters SO much more to people and the world just has SO MUCH RAW POTENTIAL. Witch Queen HAS to be good. That, or the rest of year 4. If we somehow get some big surprise like Venus as a part of year 4 (yes thats unrealistic but honestly idc), I'll forgive them. And if they can't start providing a good amount of great content, It'll just go downhill from here, but lets be honest we've put in too much time to stop, and at the end of the day, we love the game. :)
So I did the maths on this.

Destiny 2 was released in September 2017. That's basically 2 years and 2 months ago.


17,000 hours is 700 x 24 hour days.

That means this person has played 16 hours per day every day since it came out.
    It released on steam on October 1st 2019, so he played more than 24 hours a day, oh wait 😱
I absolutely adore this game. I love the lore, the art style, the loot system, and the exploration. I hate the innumerable glitches and the fact they removed half the weapons, the maps, and the fun activities (Escalation Protocol, Forge Ignitions, Menagerie etc.). I will complain about it, but I’ll still play this game until they shut the servers for good.
A heroin addict probably wouldn’t recommend heroin
Ik this ain’t real but honestly people hate Destiny for what it isn’t. It’s had bad additions to it for admittedly bad dlcs, but honestly it’s a solid game that has held its title as one of the best for years. I’ve sunk over 1000 hours into it, people are kinda unrealistic expecting content beyond the threshold at which most tend to be considered complete. Personally I think the seasonal model is what’s going to lead to its downfall unfortunately :(

There shouldn’t always be things to do in games but battle pass centric games seem to encourage that fantasy; which I can’t really work for Destiny if it’s something that we want to see run into the future. It’s okay to take a break and play other games in the meantime but now we can’t even do that because people didn’t want  a“yearly drought”.  Watch slowly as the creativity and the passion that the devs have for this game dwindles away because of excessive, unrealistic demand from consumers needing and nagging for incessant content...
    Consumers didn't ask for a battle pass system. They didn't ask for anything to be done like this, so don't shift the blame when it lies entirely on Bungie.
    \> I’ve sunk over 1000 hour

\> people are kinda unrealistic expecting content beyond the threshold at which most tend to be considered complete.

I have over 2,000.

I can't speak how it is today. (stopped play 5 years ago)

I know back then, it seemed like they intended the game to be played for 8 hours per season. Doing anything more then that was a complete waste of time.
I stopped playing when it went to steam. And when I seen the recent posts of the forges being gone I will never be returning. Black armory was my favorite content.
    K
I love Destiny., I’ve played since D1. Got to know my now husband through playing. It’s not a dead game & I’m over people trying to convince me otherwise. Let people be happy
#triggered
People do heroine knowing it's bad.
    That's because it at least has a reward in doing it. I don't even know why I play Destiny since all it does is withhold and abuse me hahaha
Destiny haters*
A lot of negative aren't inherently dislike for the game itself it's just like for something the developer is doing or started doing. because really it's the only way for gamers to actually be heard for the most part. Unless there's a stink as big as the one made over battlefront 2.
“Game bad lmao!” 

“No shit”

“...”
I haven't reinstalled this game in months, there's not much to do after you get some decent guns, most of the equipment doesnt matter and replaying the same missions over and over is not my type of thing
Tbf...that's most gamers.

Gamers are whiney bitches...nothing new to see here.
They are babies who think they shouldnt be babied but are too much of a pussy to leave the house
Mother fucker played the damn game for a whole ass year and then some and will still talk shit about it. Not ganna lie I spent a few thousand hours on D1. but on D2 naaaaa.
They played that game for 735.7 days. Thats of actually having the game booted up. Not counting if they EVER turned off their computer. 

And they still disliked it.
The state of r/DestinyTheGame
Yer, I get it. I have a list of mates I have played with in the past, asking if it's a good time to get back into the game.  I ask for PvP and if they respond Yes, then it's a resounding f#$k no.
8492 is a number that doesnt exist so this person doesnt exist which means this review is invalid
I mean I get it, because I'm the same way with war thunder. I hate the game so much, it's clearly a cash grab. But I can't stop playing it.
I said i dont reccomend this game and reccomend this game at the same time then got an extreme amount of downvotes but this post gets like 1k upvotes wtf
Don’t play will ruin your life
Lol there isnt another game like destiny yet that is barely good
y e s
It doesn’t imply it, it clearly states it
I took a year break and can easily do it again it's not a big deal really. Just all about who you are as a person rather some people cannot control their urges while some can
    Definitely. This game can easily sick you in for months of 5 hours a day gameplay and you have to know how to manage yourself
    If you take a break for a year, all your stuff will be effectively unusable though. Fun.
That's roughly 2 years of playtime. The game came out 3 years ago.
    My fault. This is not a Destiny review, I'm just referring to the Destiny community in general. About the image, I have no idea what game they are talking about.
Too real. My university classes just got insanely busy though so I haven't been able to play for a weeks... and I kept myself from buying the new expansion... so maybe I can finally be free of this abusive relationship with Bungie.
after grinding for lumina ace of spades thorn and the last word i was burnt out so i quit
(Not Recommended)  
This is my favorite game.  
\[insert +1000 hours played\]
I've logged a good 1700 hours on my hunter alone, only break I took was to make another class.

Damnit I hate how much I love this game.
It doesn't imply shit, it shows it explicitly
Well of course I know him. He's me.
It’s like Heroin. 

Is it killing me? Yea. Am I gunna quit? No
Overwatch in a nutshell
    Being good at a PVP is kind of it's own reward. There is a real sense of accomplishment. The skills learned tend to translate into other games. Much for the same reasons people love sports.

Plus the things you buy, you tend to be able to keep.
I feel like if you've gotten 1 dollar pr hours worth out of the game, can you really give it a negative review?
Him at every destiny post: DEAD GAME
708 days of playtime, even though the game has only been out for about a year on steam, I wonder why and how he did that.
The reality is that this is probably taken from one of those negative reviews where they’re like “stop looking for reasons not to buy this game”
I have been playing the game regularly since its release and have my stable 1750 hours playing time. You can't tell me that he has been playing the game for more than 2 years now.
How I feel about playing over 30 days worth of Overwatch then saying it’s a shit game😂😂
Fuck you and I'll see you tomorrow
That's intentionally addictive game design for ya
Holy balls. If true, This person has done nothing but play Destiny for two years. Day and night, no sleep, nothing but Destiny.
Its a love hate relationship.  Destiny says they luv me so I keep the fire alive
Just under 3000 hours in Destiny 2. Completely uninstalled last season. The season before felt like a fucking second job, and Arrival was no better. It was like thay feeling of realizing you're in an abusive relationship. I acknowledged how shitty I felt playing it and gave it up entirely.

I still fucking miss it. It sucks, I hate what Destiny 2 has become, but god damn do I miss it.
    I had 2,000+ in the original Destiny.

My problem was the game was grindy, and the game punished you for grinding. 

Like 2,000 hour and 8 hour player had the same gear.  

And if you put in the time for a special weapon, it was made useless in a month.
3k hours and I say every day that I'm gonna quit and that I hate this game :')
is that around curse of osirius?
I gave it a 1 star, too tbh. So op is 100% right.
my mind is static i complete bounties i dont know why but i must.
Holy fucking shit...
That equates to... 2 years of his life playing destiny.
Crazy to think of it that way...
i feel it
Have you seen ARK players lmao
By God do I feel this every time I visit DTG...
Destiny is like an abusive relationship, some of us are lucky to get out with our lives. I’m so glad I left, I’d rather play ball-in-a-cup or parcheesi.
We shouldnt love the game but we still hold hope that bungie will dig themselves out of this hole they put themselves in
this game sucks its super grindy the player base is toxic and it favors the people with a disability or way to much time on their hands 

i have about 4 thousand hours on this game please buy it its free but you should really get forsaken
To be fair, i love the game but definitely i wouldn’t recommend
Damn well done.
Well most of the game is a grind. How do you expect to thoroughly review a game?
That is Review of Bungie not game... Game is awesom...just Bungie shiting on players every time they are given the opportunity to do so...
Honestly Destiny 2 is an extremely fun, satisfying game that is worth playing for \~500 hours/year. I've played about 175 hours since Shadowkeep (I skipped out on 2 full seasons) and enjoyed the vast majority of my time. Strikes, gambit, and PvP are quite enjoyable with month long breaks in between playing them, the locations are beautiful, the seasonal missions are fun, the gunplay is top-notch. It's a great game, it's just not worth playing for as long as many people play it. Once you hit the seasonal power cap, you've experienced essentially everything the game has to offer at that time, and you should sit down and evaluate whether you are really enjoying your play time or if it feels like chores. If it feels like chores, it's time to move on to something else until the next season.
Eh, I have 6k hours on Warframe. Played since 2013, but with the disappointing content and game direction they have been taking, I changed my review to not recommend to hopefully dissuade at least on person from wasting their time. I have already committed a lot of time and money (in prime accessories when I thought the game was going places) so reaching MR 30 will be a hard stop for me. Which will hopefully be soon. Still enjoying Destiny tho, I'm not jaded... yet.
I'm as guilty of this

I've invested as many hours and get frustrated with the way the game is heading. I was sold on the 10 year journey from day 1 and threatened to quit many times quoting i'm not buying another season but here I am still putting in 5 to 6 hours a day whilst holding a full time job down lol

I've learned to lower my expectations with Bungie and take a break when it goes into the doldrums. There's lots of good games out there to play.
I love the game and I think it has insane potential. But being a primarily PVP player, I hate the lack of effort Bungie has for the state of PVP.
You'll see similar if ypu look at Paradox games like Europa Universalis 4 or the Hearts of Iron series.
We know what we like, and we hate that
Season 8 in a nutshell
It's amazing game that's being managed terribly, I'd give a good score to the game but terrible one to bungie.
This is how Americans vote too
Me and my friends have been bashing beyond light, but me still have 150 hours played in the last two weeks.
Same with Division players. The whole subreddit is made of people complaining about a game which they played for 2000+ hourd
I SERIOUSLY HATE HOW EVERYONE ON TUMBLR HAS TO ALWAYS BE SCREAMING BECAUSE OF HOW QUIRKY WE ARE
Im seriously addicted to this game im so bummed out by beyond light but i need to keep playing
See this shit all the time on steam

If you got more than 10 hours on a game, you recommend it, you've had your monies worth.
And these reviews are usually the best.
Not a destiny thing, a gaming thing. Same happens in any lengthy release title
It really is a love/hate relationship
The last two people I played with quit before Beyond Light and now I am sad solo
I'm in the same boat with Warframe, though a third of those hours. It's not a particularly good game, and a massive waste of time, so i wouldn't recommend it, but it's too late for me :\^)
Warframe is  the same. You see a lot of positive reviews from people with 20 hours, 100 hours and then you see some loser called Pssy\_slyr\_69 with 4000 hours and a negative review. Why even play for that long? Just quit you pretentious neckbeard and get out of your mom's basement.
Yes. I hate it but i dont have any other good game so i have to plau it
You can like a game and still not recommend it to others. Take Ffxiv as an example, I love that game to death, but I know its a 100 hour slog before it gets good. So I can't recommend it.
Got to understand Destiny is a Love/Hate relationship. There is no “Its ok, it’s average”. It’s “OMG this is AWESOME” or “This game is trash now, bungie have ruined it”. Only to go back to “OMG this is AWESOME” when they fix shit or make our grind more enjoyable again (looking at you Umbral Engrams).
I hate the fact that his is the case with literally every "popular game", Warframe? same issue where the most dedicated people think the game isn't worth it because it has changed design philosophy or just isn't what it used to be, Destiny is not so different. is is as big as some salty folks make it out to be? no, but the game does have some issues that need to be addressed.
After i played +15000 hours of diablo 2 i swore to never again just play 1 game like that again.

Now i switch betwwen games to prevent burnout.

Still i somehow got +800 hours of destiny 2 since  season 8
Gotta form an educated opinion.
What the hell is there to even do for 17k hours in D2? I run out of stuff to do in like a couple days lol...
    Screen isnt from D2. It released on Steam a little of a year ago. 17.000 hours is more than 2 years.
Oh nice it’s got a little thing to explain the joke. That’s nice...
Some of y'all might actually need to talk to a therapist.
    that's probably a good advice to everyone
bet its dota 2
what a sap

why would someone play it for so long if they don't like it, Jesus find something you do enjoy dude
Pretty sure this is from ARK which has tons of reviews just like this one lol.
17k hours ow
I have been eying this game for years now. It's base game is even free. Still I just don't download it, because ppl say it's superduper hard to get into and understand what is going on and it's, a cancer on your life
I don’t think implies is the right word. It’s not implying anything, it’s explicitly stating it
Also applicable to Dota 2 players

\-A Dota 2 player
I’m probably in the minority
History in a nutshell.
I would be curious to read the review. I think for something like League of Legends it makes sense. The way the game is designed to keep you playing and keep up with the updates and fight through the frustration of getting snowballed and the toxic community, all so that you can play another game hoping it'll be better because you KNOW the game has potential but the circumstances just aren't there.

I played LoL for about 500 hours and finally got out. I'm so glad I did. It has great mechanics, but it is definitely NOT a game I would recommend.
yeah , in my example im hoping that Bungie will admit to mistake and make things that should be done and fix stuff , no removing content etc. a making game boring because of lack of activities.
The sun dial season (I forgot what it was called) was the only season where I didn't play as much. I got to like level 20 on the pass, and only went on to grab exotic quests and what not. Even during a season where I really didn't give a crap about the game, I still couldn't fully stop. If there's one thing that Bungie is good at, it's making addicts.
My friends describe Destiny as that one girl in your life who you know isnt good for you, she’s toxic as hell, but man does she give that good urble gooble double gulp slurp mctwist that you just can’t resist so you keep coming back for more knowing you’ll eventually get hurt
Ahem, *for honor*
You know based on my last 14167842.5 drops from strikes I’ve got a clear idea that they want me to use a shotgun as my special.
Is this game addicting?
I love this game during PvE but then when I play crucible for pinnacle rewards it becomes the worst game I have ever played.
But why ?
Why would you do that ?
I just edited mine with:

>	Beyond Light is here. It's absolutely terrible. Still my favorite game tho.

All while not recommending the game lmaooo.

I genuinely do think BL is not good, but I like to be funny/trolly.
Thats basically destiny_the_game reddit lol
Bungie knows how to tame their herd
    not surprising at all... but then again, there are some real hard bungie fans out there that support for giving us a fantastic first person shooter in the early 2000s..
Sad but totally relatable.
Pretty sure he lost in the crucible then.
Me after the new update:

"The fuck is this shit. Half of the planets are gone. Strikes gone. Raids gone. All the quest are gone. Even the main quest gone. All the content on these planets gone. And why the fuck is the tribute hall gone. It was just a testing room"

Complaining while going on steam shop list to buy the new DLC
its an abusive relationship and we can't bring ourselves to leave
Destiny is only surviving because for this style of game, it's kind of the best.

But that isn't to say Destiny is good, it's to say every game that was supposed to compete with it flopped.

Looking at you APEX.

Destiny needs a good game to compete with. Than and only than will they start to really try.
    ... do you mean Anthem? Because APEX Legends is a Battle Royale - they aren't targeting the same player base at all.
The reason for this is basically what I figured out the other day from my end. The game itself is so good at the shooter aspect that I wish it was better in the looter aspect. Currently it just sucks to play if you want any reward out of it. Ignoring the great lore, this whole game's weight is being carried on the shoulders of the art direction and the sand box to a lesser extent. 

The best moment I had recently was when I discovered that they fixed the shader issue with the Solstice armor ornaments, and that was loot I had gotten months ago. Literally forget everything I've gotten in BL, I'm excited about them fixing loot I already had.
I feel the same way, though.  I have a need to play a sci-fi looter shooter.  Just because I play it, doesn’t mean it's going to get high marks in every category and get recommended to others.
I chalk it up to the fact that the game has at varying times been really enjoyable.  The initial launch of Forsaken, for example.  
Since then, we've been paying top dollar for less and less solid content, lazier storytelling formats, having to READ dialogue more often than not.  This isn't a SNES RPG, this is an action shooter on (now) PS5.  Step it up.  
We are heeded less and less when it comes to them fixing things that are well known sources of frustration (especially matchmaking).  They show us in many ways they don't give much of a shit.  
They are however, more than happy to take away hard earned weapons and things.  
It's rubbish.  
They've gotten cheap and lazy.  The game has lost its artistic integrity.  And a lot of its enjoyability.  
But we all keep playing, just on the off chance they do something good again.
The problem is that many aspects of the game are genious, but many aspects are just dumb. Bungie developed a great game but many design aspects (quests, economy, loot) dont feel good. The potential of the game is so high it is unbelievable.
    You just named 3 of the biggest pillars of making a game remotely good or replayable lmfao. So the art is nice is what you’re really saying
A perfect example of an abusive love hate relationship.
So if he played for an average of 8 hours a day, he played for 6 years straight. What in the fuck.
Whoa what are they even doing at that point. You gotta run out of things to do long before then
I have played the game for about 1150 hours, since february this year. I wanted to comment on the game 5 times but i kept forgetting that Steam doesnt allow you to do that until you buy *anything* which is stupid.


Anyway: Good game. Has some bugs here and there but the devs say theyre working on them so it must be alright.
This is also rocket league
"I hate this game, the player base and every single NPC. Weapons are boring and WHY DOES TELESTO KEEP GETTING NERFED!?"

- 7000 hours played.
That review could fit so many games. Sometimes you hate a game but because of that you love it but because of that you hate it etc...
Literally two years. 

Two years. 

Damn.
Isn't that like 2 years of game time?
This is the same with ark survival evolved
This is not something weird.

I play some games I would never recommend to friends that are complety trash for new players.

I can play em because i have been playing for a long time, but the experience is trash
and warframe players dont leave them out too
I usually get my 3 characters to the hard season cap, play for a week, and leave it for a month to play something else while the new season begins, then I repeat the progress.
I stopped playing 6 months ago and yet, here I am...
How much does that guy play that game ice fine the math and it's over 2 years
Isn’t this actually an Ark review?
I hate this because NEW players want to know if the game is fun or not.

His hours show that the game is fun. Most likely his complaints are VETERAN complaints. Meaning a new player wouldn't notice the things he's complaining about.

Just like people giving beyond light a negative review. RETURNING players wouldn't notice the loot pool (unless it was mentioned to them) because everything is new. New players want to know:

1. Is this a good DLC

2. Would i have fun with it.

Most people seem to enjoy BL but it just has some glaring flaws.
    Veteran of D1 and D2 here... I wouldn’t have noticed any of the complaints until I logged into Reddit. 

Except stasis in crucible but hey, gotta use what’s good until they bring it in line!
This had to have been an Ark review lol
That's a little over two years lmfao
I've been away since I beat forsaken... what did I miss?
Facts
I think this is because the core mechanics of the game are just fun and people know how great the game could be if bungie didn’t keep screwing up expansion after expansion.  I don’t know what magic their engine has, but it just feels better than every other FPS, by far.
And people who play ranked r6
Does that person have a life... just how? Is that physically possible or do they just never turn the game off?
That's exactly why I stopped playing this game. Played a lot but never really enjoyed it. Its just made to make you spend so much time doing stupid farm again and again. And the community all act like its normal so there is no way out. Most people playing this game just need an everyday game, my advice: find another, i mean really.
I don’t recommend cigarettes either.
Is it possible to look up “TheBreezyBree” play hours in Destiny 1
This is 100% war thunder lmao
There was some guy in the official subreddit saying he’s already 1260 and the gear grind is getting boring. I’m was like damn I’m only 1220, still not high for day 1 raiding and I felt like I’ve only played this game since BL released. I’m going to be so far behind when cyberpunk 2077 comes out.
Why is this not fucking wrong
I’ve done this with games before.

I may like a game but it has so many problems that I have to give a negative review. The review’s purpose is to inform other people about a game. This means telling them everything right and wrong. 

If there’s more wrong then right then it gets a negative review.
Same problem i have with bdo
I played from AoT D1 to SoO D2 and then quit before SK. And haven’t come back yet... and every time I think I might re download Destiny again I remind myself that I no longer enjoy the loot and that stops me. After the sun setting I think I might just not come back. I feel like I did after I put WoW down for the last time lol.
I mean. I'm sure coke addicts would say the same sort of thing
I wrote a negative review after a long time of playing. 

After that I never went back to play. I had hoped the DLC would fix the wrongs and add more rights. I was disappointed, and still am, after a huge deal of content was removed and not replaced (or at least had they removed it gradually to balance with new stuff - would’ve been great). 

Now we sitting with 2 barebone endgame contents, a redundant seasonal activity that isn’t working and more old gear that we thought it was gone for good.
My biggest break from Destiny was from Rise of Iron until Season of Arrivals hahaha
Is this a screenshot of /r/destinythegame
I know people that hate heroin but still use it daily.
Idk why people want to get so mad at this game, it’s super fun but I guess people don’t want to accept it
They're tying to save people from being sucked in the grind.
Destiny 2 is designed in an addictive fashion, you can hate the thing you’re addicted to and still continue using it
That sums it up perfectly. I can understand the frustration, because Destiny always had "potential". Since I remember back in the beta days and vanilla launch I was on that boat. First, after the campaign I was like "well, that's disappointing. I'll probably gonna put it on the shelf and look for some other games" fast forward I have all the gear, all raids completed, flawless trials done. But now, after original d2 rollercoaster and the same feeling of "oh, what could have destiny been if it finally reached that potential" I'm just welcoming whatever bungie brings to the table. I love that universe, with all it's flaws, I'm sticking to the end.
I has bounty. I shoot shoot shoot stuff. Good game. I even did a pvp once . Was ok
For anyone wondering thats 2 years of playing non stop
Can’t prove shit
I played like 20+ gambit matches yesterday and only got one win, and that was the first match, so, yeah

averaged like 50+ motes and 70+ kills a game tho
A smoker tells non smokers not to smoke.
He played for 2 years straight...
I just hate the fact that they removed content Curse of Osiris that I payed for. I love the game but to remove an entire planet.... several planets. Come on! I want to support it by playing the game but gee whizz. At least they made the base game free. But that doesn't make up for removing payed content.
its the only online looter shooter beside borderlands, where borderlands is more a singleplayer, which you can play with friends!

destiny2 has a very niche position on the gaming market... therefor its the only viable option!

also destiny2 with its crazy decisions generate mostly a love/hate relation for the player... got 4k hours into it and gave it also a bad review since i cant recommend to others a game with the phrases "expiring date on loot in a looter shooter" and "PVP peer2peer FPS"!
Theres a great meme I've seen describing destiny players that hate the game using the show called (I'm pretty sure) Curb your Enthusiasm and it's of the old guy saying "fuck you and I'll see you tomorrow"
This review is from ARK Survival Evolved.
Assuming that this comment was made today, November 19, this fellow has played an average of 15.09 hours a day since launch.
There's plenty of steam reviews very similar to that for Destiny 2 when shadowkeep launched
Can we acknowledge the fact that this is almost 2 YEARS of straight gaming, never stopping ever. Let’s assume this includes both destiny 1 and destiny 2 hours combined. Destiny came out ~6 years ago. So you’re telling me this person spent 1/3 of their time EVERY DAY playing destiny. And if this only counts D2 well that’s even worse......what the fuck, I’m at a loss for words. I love this game but goddamn man
Smokers do not recommend smoking, even as they do it, I assune its the same thing
Pretty sure this is actually for an Ark review
    It is not a Destiny 2 review, but the title of my post refers to the whole community in general. The image is about ARK though.
Ah yes, we found the DestinyTheGame enthusiast
Bungie forums in a nutshell I'd say.
I just hate the season power level jumps. I had completed season of dawning (saint-14) no issues. Struggled with the warmind bunker season got absolutely fucked in season of arrivals until the very end of the season
Can we get this edited to show the truth aka a positive review because destiny 2 is actually really good in the end and has brought so many features destiny 1 was missing and now even a new element which everyone has wanted for a while so in the end fuck the guy who gave it a bad review I love the game
    It is not a Destiny 2 review, but the title of my post refers to the whole community in general. The image is about ARK though.
Dont the hours played only count since D2 dropped on steam?! Doesn't seem right since that's about 740 days of play time. Either way that's one massive shit bucket player there.
    It is not a Destiny 2 review, but the title of my post refers to the whole community in general. The image is about ARK though.
100% me
Not inaccurate
me
Aka all r/dtg members.
1) repost 

2) cod does this every year

3) addiction is a hell of a thing, destiny scratches an itch that no other game can
Tbh I don't hate the core gameplay value of the game,  if you wanna shoot some shit,  there is shit tk shoot.  

 However the practices and mannerisms of Bungie,  the developers are fuckin' TRASH.  Just about everyone at the helm of Destiny's production piss me off because I've only seen them make Destiny worse. 

 So often I pleaded just go back to D1's style of content even if it's less content,  and I still just get trash. 

 Destiny 2 for me is a game living on the legacy of its predecessor,  a legacy,  a greatness that it cannot live up to.  I feel like after 3 tears of Bungie trying and failing, and just less than 2 years left before Bungie announced Destiny 2 would reach it's end proved that unfortunate fact. 

 Fellas if you ever see Sandbox or Content feedback from me it will always be to recapture the best of what I know Destiny is,  a Shooter with RPG and MMO aspects. I know this shop is closing sooner than later
People get chastised for review games they didn't put enough hours into and then people turn around and do the same shit for people who actually put the time in. lol
Ps5 has an hour counter and it's retroactive. I've spent a long time playing D1 and D2. Enough for me to sit down and have a really good think about it, but I got bored so I started playing D2.
Yeah I ban him I ban him
The problem is we love its potential of destiny but hate the reality of destiny. Its an abusive relationship.
I think the primary issue is that Destiny has almost everything a “main” game needs, thousands of pages of lore, both a casual and hardcore pvp and pve experience, satisfying core gameplay (movement, gunplay) and (at times) a top-tier fashion experience. The one thing that it needs? Reliable content. So many content drops in the game’s history have been misses, rather than hits. Destiny in really any iteration won’t have the amount of content required to fill the need of “primary” game for people until bungo is partnered with a larger entity to assist in funding, but we all know how activision worked out. In a sense, bungie is caught between a rock and a hard place
I played all of D1 and I was just able to jump back into D2 cause of Xbox Game Pass, it's been a great experience but i do feel the quests are very repetitive and unnecessary cause they just keep forcing me to complete areas of the map that I've been to 100 times+... 😩😪
"You son of a bitch, im in"
I think that fits this perfectly
This is a certified bruh moment
Actually a Tarkov review but ok
    We all know it's not a Destiny review, I heard it's about ARK. I'm just talking about the Destiny community in general
This is a review for ark : survival evolved, why is it here
    We all know it's not a Destiny review, I heard it's about ARK. I'm just talking about the Destiny community in general
Sounds like league players too
I just did some quick math...converted the hours into days. That's 735.70 days. Then i wanted to see that in years.... 2.01 years and the game game out 3 years ago
    It's not a Destiny review, I heard it's about ARK. I'm just talking about the Destiny community in general
I don't like Destiny either... 
But play it a lot...
It's just not a good game for people that are alone, and Raids and other big portions of the game are either now deleted, or are this much difficult that even like really good teams need 7 hours for a raid or something, and me being not really good, and alone... it's simply impossible.
Yep some peeps are just assholes
Ugh the loot in this game sucks. You have to grind for 1000 hours to get anywhere good.

*grinds for 1000 hours instead of not playing*
https://www.healthygamer.gg/stages-of-video-game-addiction/
Nah, its just he dont recommend new player to suffer the new system in D2.
Every day I play this piece of shit game... and every day I say "GG" to my friend after he listens to me screaming obscenities at it for 4 hours.
litterally the entire destiny player base
Now do fallout 76....
708.333 days
God this game fucking sucks im gonna sit and grind all day
    WHY THE DUCK IS THIS ME
        🦆
    God damn I fucking hate grinding bounties better go grind some bounties god damn fix your game bungie



/s so that I am not burned at the stake this is sarcasm please spare me
        TO THE LAKE THAN!
    after i quickly ran out of things to do in the last season it was just about stupid bounties for xp. now that i fucking never play this stupid boring poorly written game i have hours of my life back. 

had some great times in destiny but when you stop for second and look at what youre doing youre doing the same thing over and over again to get a reward that's a slightly different color than the last reward. upgrades requiring  shit ton of resources is just programmed to make you waste your fucking time.

it's like how an addict can hate their drug and their fucking lives or someone lives with their abuser, they hate it but they keep coming back for more. yes, that sounds a little dramatic, because destiny is just a game, but just stare a little past the threadbare game play and you really see how it's just fucking lazy design to make a quick buck. 

glad i dont play this shit anymore.  also who ever writes some of the more esoteric/cryptic dialogue has to realllly get over themselves or just stop hiring writing teams straight out of the 10th grade of  high school. its so cringey
    It may suck less with top tier gear
A quote from some clown who left a comp game (which we were winning 2-0): "just remembered I hate this game bye"
Everytime I play I tell myself "God I hate this fucking game it fucking sucks." And then I jump right back into another strike. And then into crucible, it repeats. Soon. Three hours. Gone. Ty bungie.
F\*ck you and see you tomorrow!
Omg this is so accurate it hurts.
    If that's what you're doing, ya need help. You shouldn't be spending thousands of hours of your life on something that you claim to hate.
        Clearly you do not understand the destiny playerbase lmao
lmao, I wrote a similar comment during the last DLC but instead of getting hundreds of likes I got death threats. The funny thing is, I was and still am, on the grind. Glad that my fellow guardians have loosened up...🥶🥶🥶Stasis emoji
LMAO, I can literally hear him sitting in a corner, rocking back and forth and weeping as they have never wept before.
    "felwinter's... mountaintop...

stasis..."

poor guy
        “Titan’s...he cane at me so fast...he had full overshield....one second he was across the map, the next...i was dead...“

“He didn’t miss a snipe on me...i was AIRBORNE and he didn’t miss...was he hacking...?”
Man, I played regular crucible and I know this feeling. One round I went 10-0 in a sweeping victory Shaxx had to call. The next I went 1-10 and Shaxx had to call it once again.i had to go play a strike after that loss
This is why, as a solo PvE nez voidlock player, I'm happy that i can finally obtain the recluse without playing comp. Standard crucible playlists already get on my tits and i haven't been back to comp since i grinded for TLW and probably never will.
It's not a review of destiny, its a review of ark
We're all basically addicts that keep saying we can quit whenever and so list all of the downsides that we can think of to make ourselves and the audience believe that we mean it
    I've taken break from Destiny before. Shit, I almost quit when Curse of Osiris dropped. But I come back every single time and play it for hours on hours a day
        I did manage one good sized brake. I left halfway through warmind and came back at the end of opulence. I also skipped most of worthy. I've been back since arrivals began and I'm starting to feel burnt out again.
            Yeah, I've definitely take more breaks from D2 than I ever did for D1. I'm not sure why, since there's more to do in D2. I feel like D1, in my case, had more replayability
                I totally agree. I think there being so much content is actually the reason why. With D1 I'd jump between Destiny and other games more often. With there being so much to do in D2 I tend to play until I can't anymore because I don't want to miss anything and then I end up missing a lot anyway because I'm burnt out.
                    That's exactly what it is. Its like a part time job to play this game lol
                        Full time with unpaid opportunities for nights and weekends
                    I think for me its the repetition.  Do the same encounters over and over again.  How many times are we going to have to fight a guy that shoots ice out of a staff or gun?  Last season it was having to play gambit on different planets, the one before that it was extreme basketball.
                    It's because the relatable features of D2 lack variety of depth and things are made unnecessarily grindy so you feel even more like your time is wasted
                    Friend of mine does that, I hate it because I do the thing where I jump from game to game. And then when I log on to play it with him he isn't there and I'm sad.
                    I do the same. I played consistently through the first couple expansions, regardless of how everyone else felt I still loved the game. Left for a bit, came back for forsaken, left for all of gambit season and came back towards the end of opulence, now I'm having another break since arrivals - not sure why but the beginning of arrivals burnt me out hard. Might come back now if I find an excuse to spend another $60 on this game.
                        If you have Xbox, it’s on the Game Pass.
                I think it has to do with the different content format too. D1 had essentially forced gaps between expansion and everything you did, you could do at your own pace. Some people got everything done within the first month and then moved on for other stuff until the next expansion, some people took longer but ultimately we always ran out of contet and still had months to go til the next meaningful drop, which meant that it was safe to take a break, in fact, it was preferred. Like yeah you could hop on and play crucible or do raids or strikes to relax whenever between those times, but there was always a point when you had done more or less everything you could, and move on for a few months.

&#x200B;

But a lot of people didn't like this. And people called the game dead during periods when there wasn't meant to be anything going on and this was a rinse repeat for 4 years basically. Then we switched to the seasonal format, which eleminated the proper droughts so to speak, so now people can and do play Destiny more or less non stop, and thus it's harder to stave off burn out. It's also likely a factor that a lot of us have been playing for 6 years now (with breaks of course), so naturaly the magic wears off at some point and even if something exciting happens, it will ultimately just feel like "more Destiny". But I def think that this is not helped with the seasonal format over the dlc drop format. We are almost overexposed to Destiny in comparison to d1. So it's def a case of, there being more to do, is not necessarily a good thing in the long run.
                D2 seems to be more mini-mission based with 1/20 steps to complete a ‘mission’ to me. I like Gambit but I’ll play for 3 hours and probably win 4 times since everyone wants to max out the Mote Limit and die. I’m starting to get the same gear....over and over but I don’t mind cause all I do is dismantle and fuse for my Bow or Boots.
                That's because D1's crucible was literally perfect. And then they just took that masterpiece and smashed it with a sledge hammer in the form of D2
                Being able to replay any mission when ever you wanted was nice kind of sad they got rid of that in d2
                Maybe because it was a fresh game that had a small amount of really good content instead of a lot of so-so content. Like 4 oz of prime steak versus 4 lbs of hamburger meat?
                    4 lbs is 1.82 kg
            I was so hooked on destiny I had to quit playing video games completely for an entire year. Managed to pull it off an never touched D2. Still one of my all time favorite games but damn it is like crack.
                Easily the greatest addiction of my life.
                    The only other game that I have been this obsessed with was City of Heroes. What can I say? I love the Superpowers vibe. Also with Destiny, I get to shoot stuff, which is bonus. 😀
            I was a diehard when D1 dropped, left after House of Wolves, came back after TTK dropped, got pissed about D2 basically starting over with a lot of the big QoL changes being gone, and only just started playing D2 back in August of this year. Personally, I’ve had a blast, but that’s because I have had a lot of stuff to do all at once. The campaigns, the Arrivals stuff, the raids. It’s been really fun! Though, I was kinda sad to see a bunch of stuff go, especially since the two raids I never got to do (thanks LFG “no mistakes allowed” quitters...) were the original Leviathan run and the one that Anarchy drops from. Can’t remember the name. I hope those come back in the future!
                Scourge of the Past is the other one you're thinking of. It was one of my favorite raids.
                    That’s it! I will say that fighting the BIG mech dudes during those crux of darkness heroic public events on Europa is nice. I can pretend I’m doing the raid at least lol
                        Hahaha yes it's like house scourge has followed us to Europa! Plus they'll likely be involved in the Deep Stone Crypt!
            It's about balance.  I play Pubg, rocket league, gta online and now cod black Ops as well as Destiny.  I still play WAY more Destiny than any of the other games combined but you have to step back a bit to keep it from becoming a drag.  My concern right now is that I am missing out.  Haven't started the hunt yet, no idea what a lure is, my warlock hasn't been used in almost a month is only 1029.  I am trying to avoid spoilers but feel like I'm getting left behind at the same time.  And I STILL have not gone to Zavala's office to hear the recordings or messages or whatever they are.  People are taking about Crow, no idea how to meet him. And what's worse, I am playing this game with my wife every night for easily 2 hours a night and feel like I'm behind.
                Yeah, people seriously no life this game and then complain, it's astonishing.
                    Happened across someone last night that was level 69 of the season pass...  It's barely into week two.  Wtf are you doing??
                        Dude, I ran a playlist strike with a guy that was already at 100...I was like, wuh? How?
                            I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
                                yep bugged
                        You just naturally get that high when playing all three characters to power level for the raid.
                Dude. I just started with all the strikes on every planet.  I just finished Cayde whole revenge. Kinda cool storyline. Haven’t done Eris dumbass Darth Bane Armor shit because I hate driving around looking for shit every time for her. Then I moved into the individual guardian missions on each planet. You want loot...play gambit.
            The last break I was from the middle of season of dawn to season of the worthy and that was only because I had just bought persona 5. I honestly regret having dawn be the season I skipped though, best armor set imo.
            I basically skipped season of the worthy, and now I regret it because heir apparebt
            I played D1 during it's whole run. D2, I played until right before CoO released, and came back for shadowkeep. Played that for 2 months then took a break until now. Completely wasted the full year pass last year lol
        I quit for the entirety of D2Y1, I hated everything about the sandbox, came back after Forsaken and have stayed since. Y1 felt like 2 step forward 2 steps back from D1, but ever since forsaken I feel the game is just objectively better than D1 and has gotten better with each expansion.
            I don't know how I stuck around for D2Y1. It almost ruined the game for me. The whole weapon system and basic supers skill tree was enough to make me put it down. But I had friends who where on daily so I stayed because of them
                Yeah the weapon system, only 4v4 pvp, slow movement speed, slow ability regen, super long TTKs in a game where TTK is already pretty long, I just hated it. Luckily it’s all just sandbox stuff that could be(and was) changed. Destiny core gameplay/mechanics are so fundamentally sound that it was easy to revert those bad changes with simply sandbox updates.
        I took a break before the first dlc came and I’ve just come back now, the game has become soo much better!
        I think I took a brake after I completed shadow keep, since I  stuck around since year one , but I've came back since I just love sci-fi
        I’ve been gone since vanilla D2. Just got back in with this latest DLC. There’s a lot to take in.
        That is the trap isn't it? A lot of my friends (myself included) feel like they've invested too much into it to ever walk away completely... I usually end up devouring all the seasonal content then taking a break for the rest while returning for the occasional weekend raid with friends or exotic & sparse content drop after that. Although, many of my friends who play prefer to stick around to find out how thin bungie can possibly spread their content.

8 years of destiny has also taught me to tune out my inner completionist & quit while I'm ahead, like moments of triumph do I really need another title I'm never going to use? Or solstice why bother to fully upgrade the armor when you can just upgrade each character to tier 1, get the ornaments & call it a day. etc
        I actually did get out around the time CoO dropped.

But every time I think I'm out, *they pull me back in*, and I've kept playing now for about the last 2 months.
    “I can quit whenever I want”

“Then quit”

“I don’t want.”
    Honestly, the content vault was exactly what I needed to finally get me off my Destiny addiction. Never thought I’d say this but thank fuck for the content vault, my social life appreciates it lol
        who wants a social life it's all virusey out
        I was getting downvoted for saying the same thing on some other post lmao
            Man that’s dumb. It’s not like we’re saying the game sucks or anything, we just wanna stop being couch potatoes :,)
        Knowing everything I did in Arrival would be useless in BL was the kick I needed. Completely uninstalled. Ive been enjoying so many other games now. Nothing feels as solid as Destiny's gunplay, but its great to not have that weight on my shoulders.
FUCK YOU, AND I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW!
Fr though. The new assassins creed has taken the destiny hooks out of my skin though. Boy do I fucking love getting drunk and chopping some heads off in my game
War thunder player here... can relate.
I can't find a single game that gets close to the enjoyment level I get from Destiny. And still every year when solstice rolls around, I get a week into the grind and decide I'm over this game. Then a new expansion drops and I'm back in love with the game. It's a yearly cycle.
#FUCK YOU AND I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW
The Nickleback Effect
I fucking hate this game. Now leave me alone so I can play it.
Heroin addicts say the same thing!
It's a grind-or-fall-behind skinner box FOMO machine. It takes advantage of vulnerabilities in our stupid monkey brains to keep us playing. You don't keep playing because you like it, you keep playing because *not playing* gives you anxiety.
I mean it’s true. I hate the fact that every time I play there is something that happens that I’m like “wtf. Why didn’t Bungie do ______ instead of ______” and yet here I am. Still playing.
Was about to laugh but I kicked my Warframe habit... by getting into Destiny. Oh well!
    I think a lot of people did.
    Yep, same here. I mean, I'm having more fun with destiny, but it's also a more demanding game time-wise so... I feel like I've traded my cigarette addiction for a crack cocain addiction.
        Yeah I know that whenever I play Warframe my many warframes will be just as overpowered and capable of being essentially invincible as ever (which can get boring) but at least there's no sunsetting or catching up
            I barely used 98% of the things I built there because they didnt perform as well as the rest
    I did the reverse...

please help me
I think it was from ark if I'm not mistaken
    I believe it. Ark is ass and filled with bugs and poor optimization but its also great. Plus rideable dinos
        If it's the review I'm thinking of the guy explained that he was severely handicapped and Ark was basically his social life. So even though he disliked a lot about the game he played it because that's where his friends where.
Ark review.
There are a lot of similar reviews for blender
i think it’s ark - survival evolved but i could be wrong
I am 99% sure ive seen this post before and it was cofirmed for ark survival evolved
I don't understand the love for this game. A buddy an me played it for the first time when it became free2play on steam. We like borderlands well enough and though "yeah, let's try it". According to Steam we played for about 8h before we both went "this is it? This is boring. I heard good things about the game. how?"
    The real fun starts when you are equipped enough to try a raid, then beat it! Hooked after that
        Been playing d2 for years and haven’t done a single raid. Still have lots of fun. I just like shooting monsters and blowing them up with space magic
    You probably havent reached any even mildly challenging content. All the story/missions that a freetoplay player can access early is mindblowingly easy.  
Once you get into end game, and are forced to actually get the best gear to be able to even attempt any content, ans then still be needed to be really skilled to complete the challenges.  
Thats when it begins to be fun.
    Cool story bro
    Ok.
As someone who has played both I could easily see it being ark
    Backing you up here. ARK is pure concentrated toxicity. From its community to the game itself, but every few weeks I gotta get my hit and check on my dinosaurs.
I know this is not a Destiny review. I mean Destiny fandom in general.
It IS an ark review.
I played the game back when it costed money, then I came back just randomly when it became free and I was so confused on what to do that I looked up how to do the original campaign and I went from there
    same
    This and the icon overload in the very beginning were the only problems, though. Once you got past the many icons and what they meant and you actually discovered that there are three cinematic campaigns waiting for you, it was great from there. 

Unfortunately i only got through half of the Red War campaign until the content vault was introduced. Now i really don't now what the fuck is going on story wise. The new player experience got trimmed down, which isn't a bad thing, but story wise... who the hell do they expect to attract new players? 

It seems like this game is now only focused on the existing playerbase and literally stoped caring at all about growing the player base.
        Interestingly, I have seen many veteran players complain that Bungie is catering to New Light players at the cost of the veterans. This opinion has been pretty common since the transition to New Light during Shadowkeep.
            I mean... that might've been the case a year ago, but look what they've done now. There really is no free 2 play anymore other than getting a demo mission of the DLCs and the new "New Light" experience, which is simply a tutorial and nothing more. Other than that... it's almost like starting to watch a TV show with multiple seasons but starting at season 3 episode 4. Yeah, you'll get the hang of it, just research the story on Youtube.
                I think they've crossed into "very large game" category and don't want to give in to it. Given Destiny's content and playstyle were fun, I didn't mind it was a 100GB game quite like I minded cod eating my hard drive, so I disagree with vaulting in the sense that they shouldn't have had to vault story and campaign, at least. They could've trimmed other things and left the campaign (or adjusted it so you don't need the planets). 

That being said, I'm a New Light player anyway, and it took two days to *find* the campaign when I started. Fantastic game, I loved it once I could get into the missions - but it certainly didn't try to make me enjoy myself at first lmao and I imagine that's not any better now that it's all gone
                    Same here. I've discovered the game a few months ago. Was super confused at first, because i was expecting some kind of cinematic... like, where's the story? What am I doing here? Who is everyone and why are they important? 

The New Light questline wasn't really clear on what it was, which is a very basic tutorial and a redline to guide through every location and nothing more. 

But once i discovered the campaigns - just like you - i started to have immense fun. The story wasn't anything special, but it did the job in giving you a basic overview on what you needed to understand your place in the lore. Now that's gone. The New Light tutorial - which it's still just a tutrial and nothing more - is better because it's more condensed. 

But after that... well you either buy into the DLCs because the gameplay sucked you in... or you'll just sit there asking yourself what the story of Destiny is even about. It doesn't really eluminate anything that you couldn't summurize into 3 sentences.

I agree that the whole vaulting thing to save space on your harddrive was stupid. The downsides are so much bigger than the upsides.
                    Although I would prefer no vaulting at all as I find more content = better, I think the biggest offense was vaulting the raids/Leviathan instead of making them meaningful like they did to the outdated raids in Destiny 1.

Also I miss the Tribute Hall and Menagerie
Actually with the last update that has gotten better again. New light completely sidelined the original campaign and replaced it with nothing. Sucks that this campaign is completely gone now, but it wasn't easy to find before and pretty useless as all the progression was removed from it with everybody starting with all abilities unlocked and at a high level anyways.  
Now there's at least a beginner's area with the extended cosmodrome that gets people in the swing of things and the game doesn't overwhelm the player with a ton of confusing quests once they set foot into the tower the first time.  
Still really missing some of the old content like escalation protocoll (apart form the whole cache thing) and cool moments like the introduction to titan.
    I tried out the new light campaign and was pretty nice. Though i did notice it would be just as confusing as before to a new guy after the campaign is over since it just throws u to the sharks again
    problem is theres no new light content anymore
        That’s odd. My quest log says there is. My time on the Cosmodrome also say differently.
There is a whole new starting experience that came with BL though that addresses that.
    I’ve played through the BL New Light experience and my opinion was that it was a vague quest chain with no real purpose other than to give new players Riskrunner. It’s a poor replacement for a 6+ hour campaign. I was genuinely more invested in taking Gary down during the Red War than I was doing busywork for the FNG.
        yeah i started this april and i liked the game but it was the red war and all the cool ass cinematics that made me fall in love with it.
    I've been playing (a lot) for a couple years and ended up going through that quest somehow in the cosmodrome. It would help totally new people but it was confusing/jarring for me.
    No it doesn't. You don't have any clue what is going on storywise after going through the new starting experience. It's a better and more condensed tutorial, sure, but no introduction into the world and lore of Destiny.
        Did you ever play destiny 1 tutorial? I’m well-versed in the D2 lore and the base game of D1 was an absolute lore disaster. A well-documented and admitted one by Bungie. The current condensed “the traveler is light and it has an ancient enemy” story in the new light experience makes loads more sense.
Not to mention most of the best dps weps are unavailable. I wanna get my bro into d2 but the things i want him to have and try like falling guillotine arent available. Same with fellwinters. Best shotty in the game for crucible. I dont even have it myself now cause i missed the window. I felt the same way back in oppulence. Like , id hate to see a new light player try and grind those statues out with no large reserves of mats/shards. The best items in a game should always have a path available for obtaining them.
    For real. If you check my account, I have the Seventh Seraph armor and a few of the weapons, and what i think was an emblem called Seraph's Wings or smth from watching Rasputin blow up the Almighty at the end of Worthy, so I had more than enough time to pick up Felwinter's, but I didn't. I also could have grabbed Falling Guillotine too but I got sidelined with work and wasn't able to play Destiny for months.   


Now new players can't get them and it's somewhat unfair to them, playing with/against people who have these things. Hell idc if it costs like 20k shards or something to get it after the season, I'd still grind my ass off to get them.
        It took me till like the last ironbanner before fells lie was nerfed in d1 before i finally got my hands on it and i had no job back then. Id grind 10x that in d2 and still work 40hours a week for it if i could, but bungies like nah.
Yeah no. This shit is structured af after playing Warframe!
    Having also played Warframe...



I’ll give you that.
    What you dont always have the wiki up on your second monitor? /s
    While I don't disagree (after all after the tutorial Warframe gives you no direction in the game at all), just because one of them has a very lackluster new player experience doesn't mean the other doesn’t. D2's new player experience has gotten a lot worse since Y2.
    At least warframe didn't had as much content gutted out of it.  
The only thing that is really missing are a few events that make Salad 's chronology make sense.
    I fail to see how being better than one of the worst examples of game structuring is the definition of "good".

It's terrible.  Just because it's not in dead last doesn't make it any better.  A 1/10 isn't acceptable just because there is a 0/10 as well.
Disagree. Calling the *new* New Light campaign a "vague quest chain" isn't really accurate to the overhaul that's been done to it.

While, yes, it was good to have the three campaigns available for free to new players, you don't need that much content to figure out if you like the game or not, and there is plenty of free content available to let people stay free-to-play for as long as they want.

The *new* New Light experience is an excellent way of introducing players to Destiny with a ~1-2 hour quest line. It establishes all the need to know mechanics and terms, all of the tower vendors, and once you're familiar with everything, opens up the rest of the planets, strikes, gambit, and crucible.

Also, all of the first missions to each campaign are free to play. You can do those missions to decide if you want to get any of the expansions, which are all on sale right now.
    > The new New Light experience is an excellent way of introducing players to Destiny with a ~1-2 hour quest line. It establishes all the need to know mechanics and terms, all of the tower vendors, and once you're familiar with everything, opens up the rest of the planets, strikes, gambit, and crucible.   

So you're suggesting strikes, gambit and crucible are the 3 main reasons to play the game?  
If so then that's terrible.  

The entire point of the campaign's was to enjoy an actual campaign with a compelling narrative. Destiny 2 was touted as "an MMO that plays like a single player RPG"  
And it was on release. It felt kinda like a co-op shooter that was also an RPG.  

But what's an RPG without a compelling storyline?  
There's no "beginning" anymore. You just start 3/4 the way through now with new players boosted to 1050, as if the rest of the game only existed to get you to the end game.
    That’s your opinion on the BL New Light experience. I agree that the mechanics of the game are explained, but I disagree that the questline, which amounts to busywork for the FNG, is engaging. A proper story invests players into a game and the Red War did that for me.

In my opinion, the BL New Light experience was a cheap way to shoehorn Riskrunner into everyone’s hands rather than make people more invested.
        Exactly. It does a better job at telling you how the game works, but it's awful for anybody who actually cares about the story of Destiny. The only argument for a new player to get into this game is if he REALLY loves the gameplay, where as before they actually had really interesting campaigns to get you hooked on the lore and story of this world.
    As a brand new destiny player who picked up the game and quit after 5 hours, I have to strongly disagree. It’s the worst intro to an mmo I’ve ever played. It’s like being dumped in a half-finished world with no explanation or understanding of what’s happening and no way to actually figure it out. Destiny as a new player is like a 2/5 experience at best. Hopefully they weren’t aiming at building their player base.
        Damn, see ya
I am one of these "kinderguardians" lol. I totally agree with what you said, I picked up Destiny 2 F2P a week ago, and I was expecting a basic campaign for new players and stuff, but I never found it. It was only after going on Reddit that I understood what was taken off the game. Now all I'm left with are questions : who is Cayde-6 ? why did he have to die ?  I never got the chance to witness how funny he was and I feel like I missed out on so many other things...
    dont listen to the other guy. if youre on gamepass it includes shadowkeep and forsaken id play those. i would 100% not pay full price for those right now though.
    And this is why I recommend that you don't play the game.  If Bungie is shown that their changes are detrimental to the game by seeing a declining player base and significantly fewer new players sticking around, they may be incentivized to fix the giant fuck up they created here.
The hardest part for new players is explaining how to bridge the horrible gap of content between the interesting campaign stories and the really fun high-level content and trying to get them to keep playing and leveling long enough to get them to do the fun stuff.
As a complete newbie this is how I felt the first time I played it when it came on Game Pass. After 10 hours play I still had no idea what the fuck was going on.
    Get out and play a different game. Destiny doesn’t take new players anymore
I really hate when I look at guides or builds on YouTube and they all use mods or weapons that new lights can't get. I wanted to do the legend lost sectors, but all the builds required mods that utilize charged with light, rasputin cells, and guillotine.
    There is a charged with light mod for sale at Banshee right now tho...
Same, became a pretty hard sell to the rest of my friends because the game would just drop them in and not exactly tell them anything.

I never player D1 but the Red War seemed like a great starting point for mw to get into the fun.
    I finally got one of my friends to give D2 a try this year and watched him play the first 30 minutes of New Light and completely understand why he hasn’t been back since. It was a mess. It was both overwhelming in terms of the amount of stuff you need to learn without any real explanation and underwhelming in terms of content. I hope the new experience is better.
Plus any new light players just had a bunch of the content they had for free vaulted. I don't see how this can be such a messy mix of free to play and pay to play. There's no chance of convincing any of my skeptical friends to play the game now, let alone pay full price for the expansions and seasons all the time.
Honest to god BL or like shadow keep should have been the start of D3. You are totally right that they milked the vanilla setting  waaaay too much and it is long gone.
Since they handled things the way they did I think they would’ve been better of just making a new game because with the sun setting of weapons and the removal of base game content it makes most the the progress made previously worthless and the story experience for the new player is horrible. Although I’m grateful that I get to keep my titles and exotics I’m sure they could’ve implemented a way to carry it over into the new game, and I’m among the minority of players who actually grinded for titles most players just play casually which is completely fine and arguably a more enjoyable way to play the game rather then spending hundreds of hours for a purple word beneath my name
    I think that is why I am ok with the changes that they made, I haven't been able to play that much this year. I am playing when I can now and I am enjoying what's there, was a little surprised that I couldn't use Hammerhead, but I get why they are doing it.
    As someone who wouldn't mind a grind in my occasional free time, what purple words would you recommend I try to add below my player's name?
    That would require them making a whole new campaign to justify a $60 price tag on a new game.  We all know how Bungie handles things, if they can take a shortcut, they will.
"oh it's fine just go and watch this video series on Youtu-"  
#NO   

I shouldn't have to watch videos and read guides for a game to make sense. That's just bad/lazy game design.   

Find me one player who started at D2, is still playing, and has never had to "study up" to understand the story from Forsaken til now.   

Red War, Osiris and Warmind all made complete sense within themselves. After that they began to mess up the new player experience.
    Yo. Didn't really play D1, currently have hunter and warlock at 1250 light with titan at 1246; without artifact.

You asked for one player.

Hi.
        Didn't even have a console until after Shadowkeep. Started on the D2 beta on PC. Have about 2k hours between 3 characters and came pretty close to cleaning out my quest log on my hunter before Beyond Light.
            There are dozens of us! Dozens!!!
I was gonna start playing before beating light came out but never had a chance and now I’m even more scared to start since comments like this imply is happening, I feel like if the stuff that was taken out could be accessed through a quest that let you experience the story and pretty much only that would be good, but people would probably break it somehow
Who the fuck cares about the red war campaign bruh
    People who have been here since the start and think a full campaign is a better way of teaching newbies the ropes than a random questline.
    It's better than a cheap questline where you either stand around doing fuck all or grab some items off of dead enemies
        The campaign isnt good and was half a tutorial the first couple missions and then turned into a chore. I know its hard to understand but 99% of new players  dont need that shit to learn the ropes, you play and get into beyond light and you get the gist of if, especially since its up to date with progression systems. New light is what it should be, quick and easy quests to understand the base structure of the game. Not a shitshow of out of date campaign missions that youre forced to finish. Am i on dtg why the fuck am i even arguing about this
            So... shove new and inexperienced players into the wider game as quickly as possible? What could go wrong?
            You seriously have zero understanding of game design if you think that the campaign isn't an extremely important part of the game to hook new players in.

New players don't pick up Destiny hoping to grind bounties and strikes immediately with zero world building.  You need to feel invested in the world around you to start doing this kind of busy work.  That's what a campaign is for.

Earth is under attack.  Guardians like you just had everything taken from them.  It's up to you to restore yourself and take the fight to them.  It's a simple story that builds a world around us.  As we play, we become invested in particular characters and particular areas.  Things have value to us because we're given a reason to value them.  Then we choose to do the grind after we're hooked.

Some people (apparently you) don't need that.  That's great.  But to act like nobody needs it since you don't is ignorant.  This is game design.  This is proper world building to hook more players in.  This is what was removed from the game.  So now we can only attract the few people like you into the game from here on out while everyone else gives up because they just don't care about the game.  They don't care to put in the work for something they don't care about.  It's not enjoyable to them because they weren't given a reason.

We had that reason.  It was removed.  That is not good for the game, even if it was a sub-par campaign experience compared to other games.  It was necessary.
Yeah I just started out and I don’t understand why they took out the story campaign I’m just playing the free stuff right now and it’s kind of weird trying to figure out what to do, I guess I really gotta buy the dlc
    You can't really do anything without the DLC, tbh. Forsaken and Shadowkeep aren't worth their price tags right now due to how worthless most of what they had are in the current sandbox, but you have to have them for the locations (I think), the subclass branches, the exotics, and the raids.
        Yeah I mean I can like fuck around on those maps and stuff I just can’t do any of the missions which sucks. I’ve never done a raid and I really want to but none of them are free right now did they ever have any raids for free in the new light free to play package ?
Upvoted for kinderguardians holy shit
I started playing some weeks ago and I don’t understand shit. Like wtf is going on what do I have to do and why am I so high level lol.
Yep. Started 2 weeks before beyond light dropped and I don't really have any clue what to do, so I just grinded to get to end game so I can do raids with mates and whatnot. All I know story wise is that Cayde died, the dark was bad but now it's not, but we still gotta stop it, and now some planets are missing lol
I would still recommend it. Its a fun multiplayer shooter you can play with friends, it has a great lore, fun weapons and armor, good fashion system, and raids exist
I had two friends start with me a couple days before “Beyond Light “ 
I warned them that a lot of content would be vaulted and they should play the three campaigns while they had a chance. 

It was nice to be playing with friends for once in this game so I played the Red War Campaign with them. 

Had a great week of game time until the day everything was vaulted. 
They were lost when they signed back on and had no direction to progress. 
They don’t play anymore haha
Started messing around a month ago after picking it up for a bit when it went FTP, and realized there was a campaign last week before the update launched. Kinda sad I can’t play it.
I was gunna buy this expansion after I finished the older campaigns so I can play it in order but I’m kinda SOL. 
I’m thinking I’ll just play this season till they bring back the other campaigns/planets and start then.  Hopefully they’re not vaulted forever. 
Also, love the term kinderguardian.
Yep totally. I started playing 2 days before the start of Season 12 and was doing a campaign and then all of a sudden a big cinematic saying that bunch of worlds were removed and then Im thrown into the pit that is the start of forsaken dlc where Cayde-6 dies, after that he appears then disappear then appears again and later people are mourning his death. I knew what was happening as some other games also have this and this same thing happened to me in Elder Scrolls Online so it wasnt new. Still I have very little knowledge of the world. I know the basics like Darknes, Light gives Guardians powers like Arc, Solar and Void, Ghosts resurect guardians with light etc. but thats pretty much it. I know that humanity is destroyed and lives in one Last City but who the fuck are Awoken? What is the flow of the story? Im just here to grind lol. Grind for what, I dont know. I just like feeling powerfull and magicall untill I come to nightfall and get fucked.
[deleted]
This is me playing Civ V, I played it in college. Every time I opened it I would fuck up something in my life. It would somehow teleport me 48 hours into the future where I had almost no sleep, destroyed my diet, fucked up a personal relationship and neglected my deadlines.

8/10, would never play again.
Like giving a negative review of slot machines or smoking whilst spending large amounts of time doing those things.

I had to quit D2 because I hate the grind, but fomo and my completionist attitude kept me playing but not having fun.
    I was like this when Forsaken released. Life circumstances presented me with a lot of free time, which was consumed largely by D2. Quit when Black Armory dropped, disgusted with myself and having fallen out of love with this game.

A couple of times I almost came back, as friends built up the FOMO inside me. I resisted because I knew the grind ahead of me to get to a position I'd be comfortable with (much like you, exhausting all content with a completions attitude).

Now I've downloaded Beyond Light as it was on Game Pass. Last DLC I bought was Forsaken, last played then as well. I've not done a single raid (Fuck randoms, but my mates are too casual to get 6 of us Raid ready if we all come back). I've got no idea what is what anymore. Everything is still the same but so different. The story is bollocks and uninteresting, same enemies just reskinned. Crucible is a sweatfest (no change there, except I'm 1050 light with gear that's 100% obsolete). The game doesn't tell me what I can get rid of (sunset gear), so my vault is full of gear with some still from near release.. You know, "just in case", possibly they'll revert updates or make the gear usable again. 

I'll probably try and finish the new story then leave again. I will say that Eververse is still a disgusting cashgrab with some of the best cosmetics in the game by a mile (the game threw up two screens of exclusive content on a season pass, exotic also gated behind a Deluxe Edition purchase). I feel like as a returning player i may as well have never played before, I'm missing FOTM exotics and mods that I'll never get. It's like staring at a mountain and all the veterans are playing at the summit, the path up there is hard, arduous grind and I'm probably just going to have to accept that I'll play a story that means nothing to me without 3rd party website research, stick to throwing random blues on myself and try not to go third person and just play the new strikes once or twice, and finally see what Public Events I can fly through just for the sake of seeing them.
I love the shit out of R6 Siege but there's basically no situations I'd *ever* recommend it to new players. Way too hard to get into.


Games are addictive. Some games, like Destiny 2, are specifically made to be *more addicting*. Light level scaling, Sunsetting, season pass "fomo", pvp balancing. I really enjoy the base gameplay, how guns feel to shoot, how powers feel to use, but I'd have a review right there with the dude. Thousands of hours and Not Recommended.
*Closes the door aggressively*
He is destiny.
[deleted]
    This is not a Destiny review. I mean Destiny community in general.
    Not “almost”. Even with the game running on the launch screen 24/7 since its release on steam (which does count toward hours played on steam - https://chrisfried.github.io is much more accurate), it hasn’t even been 10,000 hours.
It's not from destiny. I can't remember if it was dota or ark but even the most obsessed destiny players play time don't hold a candle to the average ark or dota player.
    I have seen alot of Dota reviews like that. But most are fake getting playtime by Steam Archivment Cheating Software and similar.

I remember Notail the winner of TI8 and TI9 (Dota championships) hitting 15000 hours playtime during the finals of TI8. And he has been a professional player since 8 years.
        I have 7k in dota 2 and haven't really played in almost 5 years. There are a lot of players that play way more than me and and they have had 10 years to do it. Hell, I have over 1k in Ark and pretty much everyone agrees that's the minimum threshold to stop being a newbie.
Thats what happened when you take the porn off the site.
This is absolutely me, hahaha. Addicting lore and world building, shit game. But my attitude is with how aggressively anti-player Bungie's efforts are with design and priorities in fixing bugs. They intentionally make you suffer through the same activities for hours and hours to see any meaningful progress, and they have minuscule loot/xp glitches patched within days or even hours yet leave detrimental bugs untouched for months. I'd have refunded the expansion but can't because it was a pre-order I was goaded into getting by friends. So now I'm stuck playing this for another year.
Yeah Jesus Christ they love to complain
    Yet they remain the official sub and get taken seriously.

While this sub tries its hardest to ignore problems, post memes, and jealously whine about its older sibling sub.

The fan made stuff is dope though.
    Theres a good reason r/destinycirclejerk exists
        Yeah but to be fair, that sub is another extreme. 

r/dtg is the one with the whiny complainers who don’t realise that Bungie has done good things while r/destinycirclejerk has the whiny defenders who don’t realise Bungie has done bad things. 

It’s a strange balance I guess.
    Yeah i dont spend any of my time in r/destinythegame because it's a toxic piss pool  


(Edit: a word)
r/destinythegame when bungie decides to change the game in any way
“Surprised he hasn’t painted the place chartreuse to match his armor”
It released on steam on October 1st 2019, so he played more than 24 hours a day, oh wait 😱
Consumers didn't ask for a battle pass system. They didn't ask for anything to be done like this, so don't shift the blame when it lies entirely on Bungie.
\> I’ve sunk over 1000 hour

\> people are kinda unrealistic expecting content beyond the threshold at which most tend to be considered complete.

I have over 2,000.

I can't speak how it is today. (stopped play 5 years ago)

I know back then, it seemed like they intended the game to be played for 8 hours per season. Doing anything more then that was a complete waste of time.
K
That's because it at least has a reward in doing it. I don't even know why I play Destiny since all it does is withhold and abuse me hahaha
Definitely. This game can easily sick you in for months of 5 hours a day gameplay and you have to know how to manage yourself
If you take a break for a year, all your stuff will be effectively unusable though. Fun.
My fault. This is not a Destiny review, I'm just referring to the Destiny community in general. About the image, I have no idea what game they are talking about.
Being good at a PVP is kind of it's own reward. There is a real sense of accomplishment. The skills learned tend to translate into other games. Much for the same reasons people love sports.

Plus the things you buy, you tend to be able to keep.
I had 2,000+ in the original Destiny.

My problem was the game was grindy, and the game punished you for grinding. 

Like 2,000 hour and 8 hour player had the same gear.  

And if you put in the time for a special weapon, it was made useless in a month.
Screen isnt from D2. It released on Steam a little of a year ago. 17.000 hours is more than 2 years.
that's probably a good advice to everyone
not surprising at all... but then again, there are some real hard bungie fans out there that support for giving us a fantastic first person shooter in the early 2000s..
... do you mean Anthem? Because APEX Legends is a Battle Royale - they aren't targeting the same player base at all.
You just named 3 of the biggest pillars of making a game remotely good or replayable lmfao. So the art is nice is what you’re really saying
Veteran of D1 and D2 here... I wouldn’t have noticed any of the complaints until I logged into Reddit. 

Except stasis in crucible but hey, gotta use what’s good until they bring it in line!
It is not a Destiny 2 review, but the title of my post refers to the whole community in general. The image is about ARK though.
It is not a Destiny 2 review, but the title of my post refers to the whole community in general. The image is about ARK though.
It is not a Destiny 2 review, but the title of my post refers to the whole community in general. The image is about ARK though.
We all know it's not a Destiny review, I heard it's about ARK. I'm just talking about the Destiny community in general
We all know it's not a Destiny review, I heard it's about ARK. I'm just talking about the Destiny community in general
It's not a Destiny review, I heard it's about ARK. I'm just talking about the Destiny community in general
WHY THE DUCK IS THIS ME
    🦆
God damn I fucking hate grinding bounties better go grind some bounties god damn fix your game bungie



/s so that I am not burned at the stake this is sarcasm please spare me
    TO THE LAKE THAN!
after i quickly ran out of things to do in the last season it was just about stupid bounties for xp. now that i fucking never play this stupid boring poorly written game i have hours of my life back. 

had some great times in destiny but when you stop for second and look at what youre doing youre doing the same thing over and over again to get a reward that's a slightly different color than the last reward. upgrades requiring  shit ton of resources is just programmed to make you waste your fucking time.

it's like how an addict can hate their drug and their fucking lives or someone lives with their abuser, they hate it but they keep coming back for more. yes, that sounds a little dramatic, because destiny is just a game, but just stare a little past the threadbare game play and you really see how it's just fucking lazy design to make a quick buck. 

glad i dont play this shit anymore.  also who ever writes some of the more esoteric/cryptic dialogue has to realllly get over themselves or just stop hiring writing teams straight out of the 10th grade of  high school. its so cringey
It may suck less with top tier gear
If that's what you're doing, ya need help. You shouldn't be spending thousands of hours of your life on something that you claim to hate.
    Clearly you do not understand the destiny playerbase lmao
"felwinter's... mountaintop...

stasis..."

poor guy
    “Titan’s...he cane at me so fast...he had full overshield....one second he was across the map, the next...i was dead...“

“He didn’t miss a snipe on me...i was AIRBORNE and he didn’t miss...was he hacking...?”
I've taken break from Destiny before. Shit, I almost quit when Curse of Osiris dropped. But I come back every single time and play it for hours on hours a day
    I did manage one good sized brake. I left halfway through warmind and came back at the end of opulence. I also skipped most of worthy. I've been back since arrivals began and I'm starting to feel burnt out again.
        Yeah, I've definitely take more breaks from D2 than I ever did for D1. I'm not sure why, since there's more to do in D2. I feel like D1, in my case, had more replayability
            I totally agree. I think there being so much content is actually the reason why. With D1 I'd jump between Destiny and other games more often. With there being so much to do in D2 I tend to play until I can't anymore because I don't want to miss anything and then I end up missing a lot anyway because I'm burnt out.
                That's exactly what it is. Its like a part time job to play this game lol
                    Full time with unpaid opportunities for nights and weekends
                I think for me its the repetition.  Do the same encounters over and over again.  How many times are we going to have to fight a guy that shoots ice out of a staff or gun?  Last season it was having to play gambit on different planets, the one before that it was extreme basketball.
                It's because the relatable features of D2 lack variety of depth and things are made unnecessarily grindy so you feel even more like your time is wasted
                Friend of mine does that, I hate it because I do the thing where I jump from game to game. And then when I log on to play it with him he isn't there and I'm sad.
                I do the same. I played consistently through the first couple expansions, regardless of how everyone else felt I still loved the game. Left for a bit, came back for forsaken, left for all of gambit season and came back towards the end of opulence, now I'm having another break since arrivals - not sure why but the beginning of arrivals burnt me out hard. Might come back now if I find an excuse to spend another $60 on this game.
                    If you have Xbox, it’s on the Game Pass.
            I think it has to do with the different content format too. D1 had essentially forced gaps between expansion and everything you did, you could do at your own pace. Some people got everything done within the first month and then moved on for other stuff until the next expansion, some people took longer but ultimately we always ran out of contet and still had months to go til the next meaningful drop, which meant that it was safe to take a break, in fact, it was preferred. Like yeah you could hop on and play crucible or do raids or strikes to relax whenever between those times, but there was always a point when you had done more or less everything you could, and move on for a few months.

&#x200B;

But a lot of people didn't like this. And people called the game dead during periods when there wasn't meant to be anything going on and this was a rinse repeat for 4 years basically. Then we switched to the seasonal format, which eleminated the proper droughts so to speak, so now people can and do play Destiny more or less non stop, and thus it's harder to stave off burn out. It's also likely a factor that a lot of us have been playing for 6 years now (with breaks of course), so naturaly the magic wears off at some point and even if something exciting happens, it will ultimately just feel like "more Destiny". But I def think that this is not helped with the seasonal format over the dlc drop format. We are almost overexposed to Destiny in comparison to d1. So it's def a case of, there being more to do, is not necessarily a good thing in the long run.
            D2 seems to be more mini-mission based with 1/20 steps to complete a ‘mission’ to me. I like Gambit but I’ll play for 3 hours and probably win 4 times since everyone wants to max out the Mote Limit and die. I’m starting to get the same gear....over and over but I don’t mind cause all I do is dismantle and fuse for my Bow or Boots.
            That's because D1's crucible was literally perfect. And then they just took that masterpiece and smashed it with a sledge hammer in the form of D2
            Being able to replay any mission when ever you wanted was nice kind of sad they got rid of that in d2
            Maybe because it was a fresh game that had a small amount of really good content instead of a lot of so-so content. Like 4 oz of prime steak versus 4 lbs of hamburger meat?
                4 lbs is 1.82 kg
        I was so hooked on destiny I had to quit playing video games completely for an entire year. Managed to pull it off an never touched D2. Still one of my all time favorite games but damn it is like crack.
            Easily the greatest addiction of my life.
                The only other game that I have been this obsessed with was City of Heroes. What can I say? I love the Superpowers vibe. Also with Destiny, I get to shoot stuff, which is bonus. 😀
        I was a diehard when D1 dropped, left after House of Wolves, came back after TTK dropped, got pissed about D2 basically starting over with a lot of the big QoL changes being gone, and only just started playing D2 back in August of this year. Personally, I’ve had a blast, but that’s because I have had a lot of stuff to do all at once. The campaigns, the Arrivals stuff, the raids. It’s been really fun! Though, I was kinda sad to see a bunch of stuff go, especially since the two raids I never got to do (thanks LFG “no mistakes allowed” quitters...) were the original Leviathan run and the one that Anarchy drops from. Can’t remember the name. I hope those come back in the future!
            Scourge of the Past is the other one you're thinking of. It was one of my favorite raids.
                That’s it! I will say that fighting the BIG mech dudes during those crux of darkness heroic public events on Europa is nice. I can pretend I’m doing the raid at least lol
                    Hahaha yes it's like house scourge has followed us to Europa! Plus they'll likely be involved in the Deep Stone Crypt!
        It's about balance.  I play Pubg, rocket league, gta online and now cod black Ops as well as Destiny.  I still play WAY more Destiny than any of the other games combined but you have to step back a bit to keep it from becoming a drag.  My concern right now is that I am missing out.  Haven't started the hunt yet, no idea what a lure is, my warlock hasn't been used in almost a month is only 1029.  I am trying to avoid spoilers but feel like I'm getting left behind at the same time.  And I STILL have not gone to Zavala's office to hear the recordings or messages or whatever they are.  People are taking about Crow, no idea how to meet him. And what's worse, I am playing this game with my wife every night for easily 2 hours a night and feel like I'm behind.
            Yeah, people seriously no life this game and then complain, it's astonishing.
                Happened across someone last night that was level 69 of the season pass...  It's barely into week two.  Wtf are you doing??
                    Dude, I ran a playlist strike with a guy that was already at 100...I was like, wuh? How?
                        I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
                            yep bugged
                    You just naturally get that high when playing all three characters to power level for the raid.
            Dude. I just started with all the strikes on every planet.  I just finished Cayde whole revenge. Kinda cool storyline. Haven’t done Eris dumbass Darth Bane Armor shit because I hate driving around looking for shit every time for her. Then I moved into the individual guardian missions on each planet. You want loot...play gambit.
        The last break I was from the middle of season of dawn to season of the worthy and that was only because I had just bought persona 5. I honestly regret having dawn be the season I skipped though, best armor set imo.
        I basically skipped season of the worthy, and now I regret it because heir apparebt
        I played D1 during it's whole run. D2, I played until right before CoO released, and came back for shadowkeep. Played that for 2 months then took a break until now. Completely wasted the full year pass last year lol
    I quit for the entirety of D2Y1, I hated everything about the sandbox, came back after Forsaken and have stayed since. Y1 felt like 2 step forward 2 steps back from D1, but ever since forsaken I feel the game is just objectively better than D1 and has gotten better with each expansion.
        I don't know how I stuck around for D2Y1. It almost ruined the game for me. The whole weapon system and basic supers skill tree was enough to make me put it down. But I had friends who where on daily so I stayed because of them
            Yeah the weapon system, only 4v4 pvp, slow movement speed, slow ability regen, super long TTKs in a game where TTK is already pretty long, I just hated it. Luckily it’s all just sandbox stuff that could be(and was) changed. Destiny core gameplay/mechanics are so fundamentally sound that it was easy to revert those bad changes with simply sandbox updates.
    I took a break before the first dlc came and I’ve just come back now, the game has become soo much better!
    I think I took a brake after I completed shadow keep, since I  stuck around since year one , but I've came back since I just love sci-fi
    I’ve been gone since vanilla D2. Just got back in with this latest DLC. There’s a lot to take in.
    That is the trap isn't it? A lot of my friends (myself included) feel like they've invested too much into it to ever walk away completely... I usually end up devouring all the seasonal content then taking a break for the rest while returning for the occasional weekend raid with friends or exotic & sparse content drop after that. Although, many of my friends who play prefer to stick around to find out how thin bungie can possibly spread their content.

8 years of destiny has also taught me to tune out my inner completionist & quit while I'm ahead, like moments of triumph do I really need another title I'm never going to use? Or solstice why bother to fully upgrade the armor when you can just upgrade each character to tier 1, get the ornaments & call it a day. etc
    I actually did get out around the time CoO dropped.

But every time I think I'm out, *they pull me back in*, and I've kept playing now for about the last 2 months.
“I can quit whenever I want”

“Then quit”

“I don’t want.”
Honestly, the content vault was exactly what I needed to finally get me off my Destiny addiction. Never thought I’d say this but thank fuck for the content vault, my social life appreciates it lol
    who wants a social life it's all virusey out
    I was getting downvoted for saying the same thing on some other post lmao
        Man that’s dumb. It’s not like we’re saying the game sucks or anything, we just wanna stop being couch potatoes :,)
    Knowing everything I did in Arrival would be useless in BL was the kick I needed. Completely uninstalled. Ive been enjoying so many other games now. Nothing feels as solid as Destiny's gunplay, but its great to not have that weight on my shoulders.
I think a lot of people did.
Yep, same here. I mean, I'm having more fun with destiny, but it's also a more demanding game time-wise so... I feel like I've traded my cigarette addiction for a crack cocain addiction.
    Yeah I know that whenever I play Warframe my many warframes will be just as overpowered and capable of being essentially invincible as ever (which can get boring) but at least there's no sunsetting or catching up
        I barely used 98% of the things I built there because they didnt perform as well as the rest
I did the reverse...

please help me
I believe it. Ark is ass and filled with bugs and poor optimization but its also great. Plus rideable dinos
    If it's the review I'm thinking of the guy explained that he was severely handicapped and Ark was basically his social life. So even though he disliked a lot about the game he played it because that's where his friends where.
The real fun starts when you are equipped enough to try a raid, then beat it! Hooked after that
    Been playing d2 for years and haven’t done a single raid. Still have lots of fun. I just like shooting monsters and blowing them up with space magic
You probably havent reached any even mildly challenging content. All the story/missions that a freetoplay player can access early is mindblowingly easy.  
Once you get into end game, and are forced to actually get the best gear to be able to even attempt any content, ans then still be needed to be really skilled to complete the challenges.  
Thats when it begins to be fun.
Cool story bro
Ok.
Backing you up here. ARK is pure concentrated toxicity. From its community to the game itself, but every few weeks I gotta get my hit and check on my dinosaurs.
same
This and the icon overload in the very beginning were the only problems, though. Once you got past the many icons and what they meant and you actually discovered that there are three cinematic campaigns waiting for you, it was great from there. 

Unfortunately i only got through half of the Red War campaign until the content vault was introduced. Now i really don't now what the fuck is going on story wise. The new player experience got trimmed down, which isn't a bad thing, but story wise... who the hell do they expect to attract new players? 

It seems like this game is now only focused on the existing playerbase and literally stoped caring at all about growing the player base.
    Interestingly, I have seen many veteran players complain that Bungie is catering to New Light players at the cost of the veterans. This opinion has been pretty common since the transition to New Light during Shadowkeep.
        I mean... that might've been the case a year ago, but look what they've done now. There really is no free 2 play anymore other than getting a demo mission of the DLCs and the new "New Light" experience, which is simply a tutorial and nothing more. Other than that... it's almost like starting to watch a TV show with multiple seasons but starting at season 3 episode 4. Yeah, you'll get the hang of it, just research the story on Youtube.
            I think they've crossed into "very large game" category and don't want to give in to it. Given Destiny's content and playstyle were fun, I didn't mind it was a 100GB game quite like I minded cod eating my hard drive, so I disagree with vaulting in the sense that they shouldn't have had to vault story and campaign, at least. They could've trimmed other things and left the campaign (or adjusted it so you don't need the planets). 

That being said, I'm a New Light player anyway, and it took two days to *find* the campaign when I started. Fantastic game, I loved it once I could get into the missions - but it certainly didn't try to make me enjoy myself at first lmao and I imagine that's not any better now that it's all gone
                Same here. I've discovered the game a few months ago. Was super confused at first, because i was expecting some kind of cinematic... like, where's the story? What am I doing here? Who is everyone and why are they important? 

The New Light questline wasn't really clear on what it was, which is a very basic tutorial and a redline to guide through every location and nothing more. 

But once i discovered the campaigns - just like you - i started to have immense fun. The story wasn't anything special, but it did the job in giving you a basic overview on what you needed to understand your place in the lore. Now that's gone. The New Light tutorial - which it's still just a tutrial and nothing more - is better because it's more condensed. 

But after that... well you either buy into the DLCs because the gameplay sucked you in... or you'll just sit there asking yourself what the story of Destiny is even about. It doesn't really eluminate anything that you couldn't summurize into 3 sentences.

I agree that the whole vaulting thing to save space on your harddrive was stupid. The downsides are so much bigger than the upsides.
                Although I would prefer no vaulting at all as I find more content = better, I think the biggest offense was vaulting the raids/Leviathan instead of making them meaningful like they did to the outdated raids in Destiny 1.

Also I miss the Tribute Hall and Menagerie
I tried out the new light campaign and was pretty nice. Though i did notice it would be just as confusing as before to a new guy after the campaign is over since it just throws u to the sharks again
problem is theres no new light content anymore
    That’s odd. My quest log says there is. My time on the Cosmodrome also say differently.
I’ve played through the BL New Light experience and my opinion was that it was a vague quest chain with no real purpose other than to give new players Riskrunner. It’s a poor replacement for a 6+ hour campaign. I was genuinely more invested in taking Gary down during the Red War than I was doing busywork for the FNG.
    yeah i started this april and i liked the game but it was the red war and all the cool ass cinematics that made me fall in love with it.
I've been playing (a lot) for a couple years and ended up going through that quest somehow in the cosmodrome. It would help totally new people but it was confusing/jarring for me.
No it doesn't. You don't have any clue what is going on storywise after going through the new starting experience. It's a better and more condensed tutorial, sure, but no introduction into the world and lore of Destiny.
    Did you ever play destiny 1 tutorial? I’m well-versed in the D2 lore and the base game of D1 was an absolute lore disaster. A well-documented and admitted one by Bungie. The current condensed “the traveler is light and it has an ancient enemy” story in the new light experience makes loads more sense.
For real. If you check my account, I have the Seventh Seraph armor and a few of the weapons, and what i think was an emblem called Seraph's Wings or smth from watching Rasputin blow up the Almighty at the end of Worthy, so I had more than enough time to pick up Felwinter's, but I didn't. I also could have grabbed Falling Guillotine too but I got sidelined with work and wasn't able to play Destiny for months.   


Now new players can't get them and it's somewhat unfair to them, playing with/against people who have these things. Hell idc if it costs like 20k shards or something to get it after the season, I'd still grind my ass off to get them.
    It took me till like the last ironbanner before fells lie was nerfed in d1 before i finally got my hands on it and i had no job back then. Id grind 10x that in d2 and still work 40hours a week for it if i could, but bungies like nah.
Having also played Warframe...



I’ll give you that.
What you dont always have the wiki up on your second monitor? /s
While I don't disagree (after all after the tutorial Warframe gives you no direction in the game at all), just because one of them has a very lackluster new player experience doesn't mean the other doesn’t. D2's new player experience has gotten a lot worse since Y2.
At least warframe didn't had as much content gutted out of it.  
The only thing that is really missing are a few events that make Salad 's chronology make sense.
I fail to see how being better than one of the worst examples of game structuring is the definition of "good".

It's terrible.  Just because it's not in dead last doesn't make it any better.  A 1/10 isn't acceptable just because there is a 0/10 as well.
> The new New Light experience is an excellent way of introducing players to Destiny with a ~1-2 hour quest line. It establishes all the need to know mechanics and terms, all of the tower vendors, and once you're familiar with everything, opens up the rest of the planets, strikes, gambit, and crucible.   

So you're suggesting strikes, gambit and crucible are the 3 main reasons to play the game?  
If so then that's terrible.  

The entire point of the campaign's was to enjoy an actual campaign with a compelling narrative. Destiny 2 was touted as "an MMO that plays like a single player RPG"  
And it was on release. It felt kinda like a co-op shooter that was also an RPG.  

But what's an RPG without a compelling storyline?  
There's no "beginning" anymore. You just start 3/4 the way through now with new players boosted to 1050, as if the rest of the game only existed to get you to the end game.
That’s your opinion on the BL New Light experience. I agree that the mechanics of the game are explained, but I disagree that the questline, which amounts to busywork for the FNG, is engaging. A proper story invests players into a game and the Red War did that for me.

In my opinion, the BL New Light experience was a cheap way to shoehorn Riskrunner into everyone’s hands rather than make people more invested.
    Exactly. It does a better job at telling you how the game works, but it's awful for anybody who actually cares about the story of Destiny. The only argument for a new player to get into this game is if he REALLY loves the gameplay, where as before they actually had really interesting campaigns to get you hooked on the lore and story of this world.
As a brand new destiny player who picked up the game and quit after 5 hours, I have to strongly disagree. It’s the worst intro to an mmo I’ve ever played. It’s like being dumped in a half-finished world with no explanation or understanding of what’s happening and no way to actually figure it out. Destiny as a new player is like a 2/5 experience at best. Hopefully they weren’t aiming at building their player base.
    Damn, see ya
dont listen to the other guy. if youre on gamepass it includes shadowkeep and forsaken id play those. i would 100% not pay full price for those right now though.
And this is why I recommend that you don't play the game.  If Bungie is shown that their changes are detrimental to the game by seeing a declining player base and significantly fewer new players sticking around, they may be incentivized to fix the giant fuck up they created here.
Get out and play a different game. Destiny doesn’t take new players anymore
There is a charged with light mod for sale at Banshee right now tho...
I finally got one of my friends to give D2 a try this year and watched him play the first 30 minutes of New Light and completely understand why he hasn’t been back since. It was a mess. It was both overwhelming in terms of the amount of stuff you need to learn without any real explanation and underwhelming in terms of content. I hope the new experience is better.
I think that is why I am ok with the changes that they made, I haven't been able to play that much this year. I am playing when I can now and I am enjoying what's there, was a little surprised that I couldn't use Hammerhead, but I get why they are doing it.
As someone who wouldn't mind a grind in my occasional free time, what purple words would you recommend I try to add below my player's name?
That would require them making a whole new campaign to justify a $60 price tag on a new game.  We all know how Bungie handles things, if they can take a shortcut, they will.
Yo. Didn't really play D1, currently have hunter and warlock at 1250 light with titan at 1246; without artifact.

You asked for one player.

Hi.
    Didn't even have a console until after Shadowkeep. Started on the D2 beta on PC. Have about 2k hours between 3 characters and came pretty close to cleaning out my quest log on my hunter before Beyond Light.
        There are dozens of us! Dozens!!!
People who have been here since the start and think a full campaign is a better way of teaching newbies the ropes than a random questline.
It's better than a cheap questline where you either stand around doing fuck all or grab some items off of dead enemies
    The campaign isnt good and was half a tutorial the first couple missions and then turned into a chore. I know its hard to understand but 99% of new players  dont need that shit to learn the ropes, you play and get into beyond light and you get the gist of if, especially since its up to date with progression systems. New light is what it should be, quick and easy quests to understand the base structure of the game. Not a shitshow of out of date campaign missions that youre forced to finish. Am i on dtg why the fuck am i even arguing about this
        So... shove new and inexperienced players into the wider game as quickly as possible? What could go wrong?
        You seriously have zero understanding of game design if you think that the campaign isn't an extremely important part of the game to hook new players in.

New players don't pick up Destiny hoping to grind bounties and strikes immediately with zero world building.  You need to feel invested in the world around you to start doing this kind of busy work.  That's what a campaign is for.

Earth is under attack.  Guardians like you just had everything taken from them.  It's up to you to restore yourself and take the fight to them.  It's a simple story that builds a world around us.  As we play, we become invested in particular characters and particular areas.  Things have value to us because we're given a reason to value them.  Then we choose to do the grind after we're hooked.

Some people (apparently you) don't need that.  That's great.  But to act like nobody needs it since you don't is ignorant.  This is game design.  This is proper world building to hook more players in.  This is what was removed from the game.  So now we can only attract the few people like you into the game from here on out while everyone else gives up because they just don't care about the game.  They don't care to put in the work for something they don't care about.  It's not enjoyable to them because they weren't given a reason.

We had that reason.  It was removed.  That is not good for the game, even if it was a sub-par campaign experience compared to other games.  It was necessary.
You can't really do anything without the DLC, tbh. Forsaken and Shadowkeep aren't worth their price tags right now due to how worthless most of what they had are in the current sandbox, but you have to have them for the locations (I think), the subclass branches, the exotics, and the raids.
    Yeah I mean I can like fuck around on those maps and stuff I just can’t do any of the missions which sucks. I’ve never done a raid and I really want to but none of them are free right now did they ever have any raids for free in the new light free to play package ?
I was like this when Forsaken released. Life circumstances presented me with a lot of free time, which was consumed largely by D2. Quit when Black Armory dropped, disgusted with myself and having fallen out of love with this game.

A couple of times I almost came back, as friends built up the FOMO inside me. I resisted because I knew the grind ahead of me to get to a position I'd be comfortable with (much like you, exhausting all content with a completions attitude).

Now I've downloaded Beyond Light as it was on Game Pass. Last DLC I bought was Forsaken, last played then as well. I've not done a single raid (Fuck randoms, but my mates are too casual to get 6 of us Raid ready if we all come back). I've got no idea what is what anymore. Everything is still the same but so different. The story is bollocks and uninteresting, same enemies just reskinned. Crucible is a sweatfest (no change there, except I'm 1050 light with gear that's 100% obsolete). The game doesn't tell me what I can get rid of (sunset gear), so my vault is full of gear with some still from near release.. You know, "just in case", possibly they'll revert updates or make the gear usable again. 

I'll probably try and finish the new story then leave again. I will say that Eververse is still a disgusting cashgrab with some of the best cosmetics in the game by a mile (the game threw up two screens of exclusive content on a season pass, exotic also gated behind a Deluxe Edition purchase). I feel like as a returning player i may as well have never played before, I'm missing FOTM exotics and mods that I'll never get. It's like staring at a mountain and all the veterans are playing at the summit, the path up there is hard, arduous grind and I'm probably just going to have to accept that I'll play a story that means nothing to me without 3rd party website research, stick to throwing random blues on myself and try not to go third person and just play the new strikes once or twice, and finally see what Public Events I can fly through just for the sake of seeing them.
This is not a Destiny review. I mean Destiny community in general.
Not “almost”. Even with the game running on the launch screen 24/7 since its release on steam (which does count toward hours played on steam - https://chrisfried.github.io is much more accurate), it hasn’t even been 10,000 hours.
I have seen alot of Dota reviews like that. But most are fake getting playtime by Steam Archivment Cheating Software and similar.

I remember Notail the winner of TI8 and TI9 (Dota championships) hitting 15000 hours playtime during the finals of TI8. And he has been a professional player since 8 years.
    I have 7k in dota 2 and haven't really played in almost 5 years. There are a lot of players that play way more than me and and they have had 10 years to do it. Hell, I have over 1k in Ark and pretty much everyone agrees that's the minimum threshold to stop being a newbie.
Yet they remain the official sub and get taken seriously.

While this sub tries its hardest to ignore problems, post memes, and jealously whine about its older sibling sub.

The fan made stuff is dope though.
Theres a good reason r/destinycirclejerk exists
    Yeah but to be fair, that sub is another extreme. 

r/dtg is the one with the whiny complainers who don’t realise that Bungie has done good things while r/destinycirclejerk has the whiny defenders who don’t realise Bungie has done bad things. 

It’s a strange balance I guess.
Yeah i dont spend any of my time in r/destinythegame because it's a toxic piss pool  


(Edit: a word)
🦆
TO THE LAKE THAN!
Clearly you do not understand the destiny playerbase lmao
“Titan’s...he cane at me so fast...he had full overshield....one second he was across the map, the next...i was dead...“

“He didn’t miss a snipe on me...i was AIRBORNE and he didn’t miss...was he hacking...?”
I did manage one good sized brake. I left halfway through warmind and came back at the end of opulence. I also skipped most of worthy. I've been back since arrivals began and I'm starting to feel burnt out again.
    Yeah, I've definitely take more breaks from D2 than I ever did for D1. I'm not sure why, since there's more to do in D2. I feel like D1, in my case, had more replayability
        I totally agree. I think there being so much content is actually the reason why. With D1 I'd jump between Destiny and other games more often. With there being so much to do in D2 I tend to play until I can't anymore because I don't want to miss anything and then I end up missing a lot anyway because I'm burnt out.
            That's exactly what it is. Its like a part time job to play this game lol
                Full time with unpaid opportunities for nights and weekends
            I think for me its the repetition.  Do the same encounters over and over again.  How many times are we going to have to fight a guy that shoots ice out of a staff or gun?  Last season it was having to play gambit on different planets, the one before that it was extreme basketball.
            It's because the relatable features of D2 lack variety of depth and things are made unnecessarily grindy so you feel even more like your time is wasted
            Friend of mine does that, I hate it because I do the thing where I jump from game to game. And then when I log on to play it with him he isn't there and I'm sad.
            I do the same. I played consistently through the first couple expansions, regardless of how everyone else felt I still loved the game. Left for a bit, came back for forsaken, left for all of gambit season and came back towards the end of opulence, now I'm having another break since arrivals - not sure why but the beginning of arrivals burnt me out hard. Might come back now if I find an excuse to spend another $60 on this game.
                If you have Xbox, it’s on the Game Pass.
        I think it has to do with the different content format too. D1 had essentially forced gaps between expansion and everything you did, you could do at your own pace. Some people got everything done within the first month and then moved on for other stuff until the next expansion, some people took longer but ultimately we always ran out of contet and still had months to go til the next meaningful drop, which meant that it was safe to take a break, in fact, it was preferred. Like yeah you could hop on and play crucible or do raids or strikes to relax whenever between those times, but there was always a point when you had done more or less everything you could, and move on for a few months.

&#x200B;

But a lot of people didn't like this. And people called the game dead during periods when there wasn't meant to be anything going on and this was a rinse repeat for 4 years basically. Then we switched to the seasonal format, which eleminated the proper droughts so to speak, so now people can and do play Destiny more or less non stop, and thus it's harder to stave off burn out. It's also likely a factor that a lot of us have been playing for 6 years now (with breaks of course), so naturaly the magic wears off at some point and even if something exciting happens, it will ultimately just feel like "more Destiny". But I def think that this is not helped with the seasonal format over the dlc drop format. We are almost overexposed to Destiny in comparison to d1. So it's def a case of, there being more to do, is not necessarily a good thing in the long run.
        D2 seems to be more mini-mission based with 1/20 steps to complete a ‘mission’ to me. I like Gambit but I’ll play for 3 hours and probably win 4 times since everyone wants to max out the Mote Limit and die. I’m starting to get the same gear....over and over but I don’t mind cause all I do is dismantle and fuse for my Bow or Boots.
        That's because D1's crucible was literally perfect. And then they just took that masterpiece and smashed it with a sledge hammer in the form of D2
        Being able to replay any mission when ever you wanted was nice kind of sad they got rid of that in d2
        Maybe because it was a fresh game that had a small amount of really good content instead of a lot of so-so content. Like 4 oz of prime steak versus 4 lbs of hamburger meat?
            4 lbs is 1.82 kg
    I was so hooked on destiny I had to quit playing video games completely for an entire year. Managed to pull it off an never touched D2. Still one of my all time favorite games but damn it is like crack.
        Easily the greatest addiction of my life.
            The only other game that I have been this obsessed with was City of Heroes. What can I say? I love the Superpowers vibe. Also with Destiny, I get to shoot stuff, which is bonus. 😀
    I was a diehard when D1 dropped, left after House of Wolves, came back after TTK dropped, got pissed about D2 basically starting over with a lot of the big QoL changes being gone, and only just started playing D2 back in August of this year. Personally, I’ve had a blast, but that’s because I have had a lot of stuff to do all at once. The campaigns, the Arrivals stuff, the raids. It’s been really fun! Though, I was kinda sad to see a bunch of stuff go, especially since the two raids I never got to do (thanks LFG “no mistakes allowed” quitters...) were the original Leviathan run and the one that Anarchy drops from. Can’t remember the name. I hope those come back in the future!
        Scourge of the Past is the other one you're thinking of. It was one of my favorite raids.
            That’s it! I will say that fighting the BIG mech dudes during those crux of darkness heroic public events on Europa is nice. I can pretend I’m doing the raid at least lol
                Hahaha yes it's like house scourge has followed us to Europa! Plus they'll likely be involved in the Deep Stone Crypt!
    It's about balance.  I play Pubg, rocket league, gta online and now cod black Ops as well as Destiny.  I still play WAY more Destiny than any of the other games combined but you have to step back a bit to keep it from becoming a drag.  My concern right now is that I am missing out.  Haven't started the hunt yet, no idea what a lure is, my warlock hasn't been used in almost a month is only 1029.  I am trying to avoid spoilers but feel like I'm getting left behind at the same time.  And I STILL have not gone to Zavala's office to hear the recordings or messages or whatever they are.  People are taking about Crow, no idea how to meet him. And what's worse, I am playing this game with my wife every night for easily 2 hours a night and feel like I'm behind.
        Yeah, people seriously no life this game and then complain, it's astonishing.
            Happened across someone last night that was level 69 of the season pass...  It's barely into week two.  Wtf are you doing??
                Dude, I ran a playlist strike with a guy that was already at 100...I was like, wuh? How?
                    I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
                        yep bugged
                You just naturally get that high when playing all three characters to power level for the raid.
        Dude. I just started with all the strikes on every planet.  I just finished Cayde whole revenge. Kinda cool storyline. Haven’t done Eris dumbass Darth Bane Armor shit because I hate driving around looking for shit every time for her. Then I moved into the individual guardian missions on each planet. You want loot...play gambit.
    The last break I was from the middle of season of dawn to season of the worthy and that was only because I had just bought persona 5. I honestly regret having dawn be the season I skipped though, best armor set imo.
    I basically skipped season of the worthy, and now I regret it because heir apparebt
    I played D1 during it's whole run. D2, I played until right before CoO released, and came back for shadowkeep. Played that for 2 months then took a break until now. Completely wasted the full year pass last year lol
I quit for the entirety of D2Y1, I hated everything about the sandbox, came back after Forsaken and have stayed since. Y1 felt like 2 step forward 2 steps back from D1, but ever since forsaken I feel the game is just objectively better than D1 and has gotten better with each expansion.
    I don't know how I stuck around for D2Y1. It almost ruined the game for me. The whole weapon system and basic supers skill tree was enough to make me put it down. But I had friends who where on daily so I stayed because of them
        Yeah the weapon system, only 4v4 pvp, slow movement speed, slow ability regen, super long TTKs in a game where TTK is already pretty long, I just hated it. Luckily it’s all just sandbox stuff that could be(and was) changed. Destiny core gameplay/mechanics are so fundamentally sound that it was easy to revert those bad changes with simply sandbox updates.
I took a break before the first dlc came and I’ve just come back now, the game has become soo much better!
I think I took a brake after I completed shadow keep, since I  stuck around since year one , but I've came back since I just love sci-fi
I’ve been gone since vanilla D2. Just got back in with this latest DLC. There’s a lot to take in.
That is the trap isn't it? A lot of my friends (myself included) feel like they've invested too much into it to ever walk away completely... I usually end up devouring all the seasonal content then taking a break for the rest while returning for the occasional weekend raid with friends or exotic & sparse content drop after that. Although, many of my friends who play prefer to stick around to find out how thin bungie can possibly spread their content.

8 years of destiny has also taught me to tune out my inner completionist & quit while I'm ahead, like moments of triumph do I really need another title I'm never going to use? Or solstice why bother to fully upgrade the armor when you can just upgrade each character to tier 1, get the ornaments & call it a day. etc
I actually did get out around the time CoO dropped.

But every time I think I'm out, *they pull me back in*, and I've kept playing now for about the last 2 months.
who wants a social life it's all virusey out
I was getting downvoted for saying the same thing on some other post lmao
    Man that’s dumb. It’s not like we’re saying the game sucks or anything, we just wanna stop being couch potatoes :,)
Knowing everything I did in Arrival would be useless in BL was the kick I needed. Completely uninstalled. Ive been enjoying so many other games now. Nothing feels as solid as Destiny's gunplay, but its great to not have that weight on my shoulders.
Yeah I know that whenever I play Warframe my many warframes will be just as overpowered and capable of being essentially invincible as ever (which can get boring) but at least there's no sunsetting or catching up
    I barely used 98% of the things I built there because they didnt perform as well as the rest
If it's the review I'm thinking of the guy explained that he was severely handicapped and Ark was basically his social life. So even though he disliked a lot about the game he played it because that's where his friends where.
Been playing d2 for years and haven’t done a single raid. Still have lots of fun. I just like shooting monsters and blowing them up with space magic
Interestingly, I have seen many veteran players complain that Bungie is catering to New Light players at the cost of the veterans. This opinion has been pretty common since the transition to New Light during Shadowkeep.
    I mean... that might've been the case a year ago, but look what they've done now. There really is no free 2 play anymore other than getting a demo mission of the DLCs and the new "New Light" experience, which is simply a tutorial and nothing more. Other than that... it's almost like starting to watch a TV show with multiple seasons but starting at season 3 episode 4. Yeah, you'll get the hang of it, just research the story on Youtube.
        I think they've crossed into "very large game" category and don't want to give in to it. Given Destiny's content and playstyle were fun, I didn't mind it was a 100GB game quite like I minded cod eating my hard drive, so I disagree with vaulting in the sense that they shouldn't have had to vault story and campaign, at least. They could've trimmed other things and left the campaign (or adjusted it so you don't need the planets). 

That being said, I'm a New Light player anyway, and it took two days to *find* the campaign when I started. Fantastic game, I loved it once I could get into the missions - but it certainly didn't try to make me enjoy myself at first lmao and I imagine that's not any better now that it's all gone
            Same here. I've discovered the game a few months ago. Was super confused at first, because i was expecting some kind of cinematic... like, where's the story? What am I doing here? Who is everyone and why are they important? 

The New Light questline wasn't really clear on what it was, which is a very basic tutorial and a redline to guide through every location and nothing more. 

But once i discovered the campaigns - just like you - i started to have immense fun. The story wasn't anything special, but it did the job in giving you a basic overview on what you needed to understand your place in the lore. Now that's gone. The New Light tutorial - which it's still just a tutrial and nothing more - is better because it's more condensed. 

But after that... well you either buy into the DLCs because the gameplay sucked you in... or you'll just sit there asking yourself what the story of Destiny is even about. It doesn't really eluminate anything that you couldn't summurize into 3 sentences.

I agree that the whole vaulting thing to save space on your harddrive was stupid. The downsides are so much bigger than the upsides.
            Although I would prefer no vaulting at all as I find more content = better, I think the biggest offense was vaulting the raids/Leviathan instead of making them meaningful like they did to the outdated raids in Destiny 1.

Also I miss the Tribute Hall and Menagerie
That’s odd. My quest log says there is. My time on the Cosmodrome also say differently.
yeah i started this april and i liked the game but it was the red war and all the cool ass cinematics that made me fall in love with it.
Did you ever play destiny 1 tutorial? I’m well-versed in the D2 lore and the base game of D1 was an absolute lore disaster. A well-documented and admitted one by Bungie. The current condensed “the traveler is light and it has an ancient enemy” story in the new light experience makes loads more sense.
It took me till like the last ironbanner before fells lie was nerfed in d1 before i finally got my hands on it and i had no job back then. Id grind 10x that in d2 and still work 40hours a week for it if i could, but bungies like nah.
Exactly. It does a better job at telling you how the game works, but it's awful for anybody who actually cares about the story of Destiny. The only argument for a new player to get into this game is if he REALLY loves the gameplay, where as before they actually had really interesting campaigns to get you hooked on the lore and story of this world.
Damn, see ya
Didn't even have a console until after Shadowkeep. Started on the D2 beta on PC. Have about 2k hours between 3 characters and came pretty close to cleaning out my quest log on my hunter before Beyond Light.
    There are dozens of us! Dozens!!!
The campaign isnt good and was half a tutorial the first couple missions and then turned into a chore. I know its hard to understand but 99% of new players  dont need that shit to learn the ropes, you play and get into beyond light and you get the gist of if, especially since its up to date with progression systems. New light is what it should be, quick and easy quests to understand the base structure of the game. Not a shitshow of out of date campaign missions that youre forced to finish. Am i on dtg why the fuck am i even arguing about this
    So... shove new and inexperienced players into the wider game as quickly as possible? What could go wrong?
    You seriously have zero understanding of game design if you think that the campaign isn't an extremely important part of the game to hook new players in.

New players don't pick up Destiny hoping to grind bounties and strikes immediately with zero world building.  You need to feel invested in the world around you to start doing this kind of busy work.  That's what a campaign is for.

Earth is under attack.  Guardians like you just had everything taken from them.  It's up to you to restore yourself and take the fight to them.  It's a simple story that builds a world around us.  As we play, we become invested in particular characters and particular areas.  Things have value to us because we're given a reason to value them.  Then we choose to do the grind after we're hooked.

Some people (apparently you) don't need that.  That's great.  But to act like nobody needs it since you don't is ignorant.  This is game design.  This is proper world building to hook more players in.  This is what was removed from the game.  So now we can only attract the few people like you into the game from here on out while everyone else gives up because they just don't care about the game.  They don't care to put in the work for something they don't care about.  It's not enjoyable to them because they weren't given a reason.

We had that reason.  It was removed.  That is not good for the game, even if it was a sub-par campaign experience compared to other games.  It was necessary.
Yeah I mean I can like fuck around on those maps and stuff I just can’t do any of the missions which sucks. I’ve never done a raid and I really want to but none of them are free right now did they ever have any raids for free in the new light free to play package ?
I have 7k in dota 2 and haven't really played in almost 5 years. There are a lot of players that play way more than me and and they have had 10 years to do it. Hell, I have over 1k in Ark and pretty much everyone agrees that's the minimum threshold to stop being a newbie.
Yeah but to be fair, that sub is another extreme. 

r/dtg is the one with the whiny complainers who don’t realise that Bungie has done good things while r/destinycirclejerk has the whiny defenders who don’t realise Bungie has done bad things. 

It’s a strange balance I guess.
Yeah, I've definitely take more breaks from D2 than I ever did for D1. I'm not sure why, since there's more to do in D2. I feel like D1, in my case, had more replayability
    I totally agree. I think there being so much content is actually the reason why. With D1 I'd jump between Destiny and other games more often. With there being so much to do in D2 I tend to play until I can't anymore because I don't want to miss anything and then I end up missing a lot anyway because I'm burnt out.
        That's exactly what it is. Its like a part time job to play this game lol
            Full time with unpaid opportunities for nights and weekends
        I think for me its the repetition.  Do the same encounters over and over again.  How many times are we going to have to fight a guy that shoots ice out of a staff or gun?  Last season it was having to play gambit on different planets, the one before that it was extreme basketball.
        It's because the relatable features of D2 lack variety of depth and things are made unnecessarily grindy so you feel even more like your time is wasted
        Friend of mine does that, I hate it because I do the thing where I jump from game to game. And then when I log on to play it with him he isn't there and I'm sad.
        I do the same. I played consistently through the first couple expansions, regardless of how everyone else felt I still loved the game. Left for a bit, came back for forsaken, left for all of gambit season and came back towards the end of opulence, now I'm having another break since arrivals - not sure why but the beginning of arrivals burnt me out hard. Might come back now if I find an excuse to spend another $60 on this game.
            If you have Xbox, it’s on the Game Pass.
    I think it has to do with the different content format too. D1 had essentially forced gaps between expansion and everything you did, you could do at your own pace. Some people got everything done within the first month and then moved on for other stuff until the next expansion, some people took longer but ultimately we always ran out of contet and still had months to go til the next meaningful drop, which meant that it was safe to take a break, in fact, it was preferred. Like yeah you could hop on and play crucible or do raids or strikes to relax whenever between those times, but there was always a point when you had done more or less everything you could, and move on for a few months.

&#x200B;

But a lot of people didn't like this. And people called the game dead during periods when there wasn't meant to be anything going on and this was a rinse repeat for 4 years basically. Then we switched to the seasonal format, which eleminated the proper droughts so to speak, so now people can and do play Destiny more or less non stop, and thus it's harder to stave off burn out. It's also likely a factor that a lot of us have been playing for 6 years now (with breaks of course), so naturaly the magic wears off at some point and even if something exciting happens, it will ultimately just feel like "more Destiny". But I def think that this is not helped with the seasonal format over the dlc drop format. We are almost overexposed to Destiny in comparison to d1. So it's def a case of, there being more to do, is not necessarily a good thing in the long run.
    D2 seems to be more mini-mission based with 1/20 steps to complete a ‘mission’ to me. I like Gambit but I’ll play for 3 hours and probably win 4 times since everyone wants to max out the Mote Limit and die. I’m starting to get the same gear....over and over but I don’t mind cause all I do is dismantle and fuse for my Bow or Boots.
    That's because D1's crucible was literally perfect. And then they just took that masterpiece and smashed it with a sledge hammer in the form of D2
    Being able to replay any mission when ever you wanted was nice kind of sad they got rid of that in d2
    Maybe because it was a fresh game that had a small amount of really good content instead of a lot of so-so content. Like 4 oz of prime steak versus 4 lbs of hamburger meat?
        4 lbs is 1.82 kg
I was so hooked on destiny I had to quit playing video games completely for an entire year. Managed to pull it off an never touched D2. Still one of my all time favorite games but damn it is like crack.
    Easily the greatest addiction of my life.
        The only other game that I have been this obsessed with was City of Heroes. What can I say? I love the Superpowers vibe. Also with Destiny, I get to shoot stuff, which is bonus. 😀
I was a diehard when D1 dropped, left after House of Wolves, came back after TTK dropped, got pissed about D2 basically starting over with a lot of the big QoL changes being gone, and only just started playing D2 back in August of this year. Personally, I’ve had a blast, but that’s because I have had a lot of stuff to do all at once. The campaigns, the Arrivals stuff, the raids. It’s been really fun! Though, I was kinda sad to see a bunch of stuff go, especially since the two raids I never got to do (thanks LFG “no mistakes allowed” quitters...) were the original Leviathan run and the one that Anarchy drops from. Can’t remember the name. I hope those come back in the future!
    Scourge of the Past is the other one you're thinking of. It was one of my favorite raids.
        That’s it! I will say that fighting the BIG mech dudes during those crux of darkness heroic public events on Europa is nice. I can pretend I’m doing the raid at least lol
            Hahaha yes it's like house scourge has followed us to Europa! Plus they'll likely be involved in the Deep Stone Crypt!
It's about balance.  I play Pubg, rocket league, gta online and now cod black Ops as well as Destiny.  I still play WAY more Destiny than any of the other games combined but you have to step back a bit to keep it from becoming a drag.  My concern right now is that I am missing out.  Haven't started the hunt yet, no idea what a lure is, my warlock hasn't been used in almost a month is only 1029.  I am trying to avoid spoilers but feel like I'm getting left behind at the same time.  And I STILL have not gone to Zavala's office to hear the recordings or messages or whatever they are.  People are taking about Crow, no idea how to meet him. And what's worse, I am playing this game with my wife every night for easily 2 hours a night and feel like I'm behind.
    Yeah, people seriously no life this game and then complain, it's astonishing.
        Happened across someone last night that was level 69 of the season pass...  It's barely into week two.  Wtf are you doing??
            Dude, I ran a playlist strike with a guy that was already at 100...I was like, wuh? How?
                I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
                    yep bugged
            You just naturally get that high when playing all three characters to power level for the raid.
    Dude. I just started with all the strikes on every planet.  I just finished Cayde whole revenge. Kinda cool storyline. Haven’t done Eris dumbass Darth Bane Armor shit because I hate driving around looking for shit every time for her. Then I moved into the individual guardian missions on each planet. You want loot...play gambit.
The last break I was from the middle of season of dawn to season of the worthy and that was only because I had just bought persona 5. I honestly regret having dawn be the season I skipped though, best armor set imo.
I basically skipped season of the worthy, and now I regret it because heir apparebt
I played D1 during it's whole run. D2, I played until right before CoO released, and came back for shadowkeep. Played that for 2 months then took a break until now. Completely wasted the full year pass last year lol
I don't know how I stuck around for D2Y1. It almost ruined the game for me. The whole weapon system and basic supers skill tree was enough to make me put it down. But I had friends who where on daily so I stayed because of them
    Yeah the weapon system, only 4v4 pvp, slow movement speed, slow ability regen, super long TTKs in a game where TTK is already pretty long, I just hated it. Luckily it’s all just sandbox stuff that could be(and was) changed. Destiny core gameplay/mechanics are so fundamentally sound that it was easy to revert those bad changes with simply sandbox updates.
Man that’s dumb. It’s not like we’re saying the game sucks or anything, we just wanna stop being couch potatoes :,)
I barely used 98% of the things I built there because they didnt perform as well as the rest
I mean... that might've been the case a year ago, but look what they've done now. There really is no free 2 play anymore other than getting a demo mission of the DLCs and the new "New Light" experience, which is simply a tutorial and nothing more. Other than that... it's almost like starting to watch a TV show with multiple seasons but starting at season 3 episode 4. Yeah, you'll get the hang of it, just research the story on Youtube.
    I think they've crossed into "very large game" category and don't want to give in to it. Given Destiny's content and playstyle were fun, I didn't mind it was a 100GB game quite like I minded cod eating my hard drive, so I disagree with vaulting in the sense that they shouldn't have had to vault story and campaign, at least. They could've trimmed other things and left the campaign (or adjusted it so you don't need the planets). 

That being said, I'm a New Light player anyway, and it took two days to *find* the campaign when I started. Fantastic game, I loved it once I could get into the missions - but it certainly didn't try to make me enjoy myself at first lmao and I imagine that's not any better now that it's all gone
        Same here. I've discovered the game a few months ago. Was super confused at first, because i was expecting some kind of cinematic... like, where's the story? What am I doing here? Who is everyone and why are they important? 

The New Light questline wasn't really clear on what it was, which is a very basic tutorial and a redline to guide through every location and nothing more. 

But once i discovered the campaigns - just like you - i started to have immense fun. The story wasn't anything special, but it did the job in giving you a basic overview on what you needed to understand your place in the lore. Now that's gone. The New Light tutorial - which it's still just a tutrial and nothing more - is better because it's more condensed. 

But after that... well you either buy into the DLCs because the gameplay sucked you in... or you'll just sit there asking yourself what the story of Destiny is even about. It doesn't really eluminate anything that you couldn't summurize into 3 sentences.

I agree that the whole vaulting thing to save space on your harddrive was stupid. The downsides are so much bigger than the upsides.
        Although I would prefer no vaulting at all as I find more content = better, I think the biggest offense was vaulting the raids/Leviathan instead of making them meaningful like they did to the outdated raids in Destiny 1.

Also I miss the Tribute Hall and Menagerie
There are dozens of us! Dozens!!!
So... shove new and inexperienced players into the wider game as quickly as possible? What could go wrong?
You seriously have zero understanding of game design if you think that the campaign isn't an extremely important part of the game to hook new players in.

New players don't pick up Destiny hoping to grind bounties and strikes immediately with zero world building.  You need to feel invested in the world around you to start doing this kind of busy work.  That's what a campaign is for.

Earth is under attack.  Guardians like you just had everything taken from them.  It's up to you to restore yourself and take the fight to them.  It's a simple story that builds a world around us.  As we play, we become invested in particular characters and particular areas.  Things have value to us because we're given a reason to value them.  Then we choose to do the grind after we're hooked.

Some people (apparently you) don't need that.  That's great.  But to act like nobody needs it since you don't is ignorant.  This is game design.  This is proper world building to hook more players in.  This is what was removed from the game.  So now we can only attract the few people like you into the game from here on out while everyone else gives up because they just don't care about the game.  They don't care to put in the work for something they don't care about.  It's not enjoyable to them because they weren't given a reason.

We had that reason.  It was removed.  That is not good for the game, even if it was a sub-par campaign experience compared to other games.  It was necessary.
I totally agree. I think there being so much content is actually the reason why. With D1 I'd jump between Destiny and other games more often. With there being so much to do in D2 I tend to play until I can't anymore because I don't want to miss anything and then I end up missing a lot anyway because I'm burnt out.
    That's exactly what it is. Its like a part time job to play this game lol
        Full time with unpaid opportunities for nights and weekends
    I think for me its the repetition.  Do the same encounters over and over again.  How many times are we going to have to fight a guy that shoots ice out of a staff or gun?  Last season it was having to play gambit on different planets, the one before that it was extreme basketball.
    It's because the relatable features of D2 lack variety of depth and things are made unnecessarily grindy so you feel even more like your time is wasted
    Friend of mine does that, I hate it because I do the thing where I jump from game to game. And then when I log on to play it with him he isn't there and I'm sad.
    I do the same. I played consistently through the first couple expansions, regardless of how everyone else felt I still loved the game. Left for a bit, came back for forsaken, left for all of gambit season and came back towards the end of opulence, now I'm having another break since arrivals - not sure why but the beginning of arrivals burnt me out hard. Might come back now if I find an excuse to spend another $60 on this game.
        If you have Xbox, it’s on the Game Pass.
I think it has to do with the different content format too. D1 had essentially forced gaps between expansion and everything you did, you could do at your own pace. Some people got everything done within the first month and then moved on for other stuff until the next expansion, some people took longer but ultimately we always ran out of contet and still had months to go til the next meaningful drop, which meant that it was safe to take a break, in fact, it was preferred. Like yeah you could hop on and play crucible or do raids or strikes to relax whenever between those times, but there was always a point when you had done more or less everything you could, and move on for a few months.

&#x200B;

But a lot of people didn't like this. And people called the game dead during periods when there wasn't meant to be anything going on and this was a rinse repeat for 4 years basically. Then we switched to the seasonal format, which eleminated the proper droughts so to speak, so now people can and do play Destiny more or less non stop, and thus it's harder to stave off burn out. It's also likely a factor that a lot of us have been playing for 6 years now (with breaks of course), so naturaly the magic wears off at some point and even if something exciting happens, it will ultimately just feel like "more Destiny". But I def think that this is not helped with the seasonal format over the dlc drop format. We are almost overexposed to Destiny in comparison to d1. So it's def a case of, there being more to do, is not necessarily a good thing in the long run.
D2 seems to be more mini-mission based with 1/20 steps to complete a ‘mission’ to me. I like Gambit but I’ll play for 3 hours and probably win 4 times since everyone wants to max out the Mote Limit and die. I’m starting to get the same gear....over and over but I don’t mind cause all I do is dismantle and fuse for my Bow or Boots.
That's because D1's crucible was literally perfect. And then they just took that masterpiece and smashed it with a sledge hammer in the form of D2
Being able to replay any mission when ever you wanted was nice kind of sad they got rid of that in d2
Maybe because it was a fresh game that had a small amount of really good content instead of a lot of so-so content. Like 4 oz of prime steak versus 4 lbs of hamburger meat?
    4 lbs is 1.82 kg
Easily the greatest addiction of my life.
    The only other game that I have been this obsessed with was City of Heroes. What can I say? I love the Superpowers vibe. Also with Destiny, I get to shoot stuff, which is bonus. 😀
Scourge of the Past is the other one you're thinking of. It was one of my favorite raids.
    That’s it! I will say that fighting the BIG mech dudes during those crux of darkness heroic public events on Europa is nice. I can pretend I’m doing the raid at least lol
        Hahaha yes it's like house scourge has followed us to Europa! Plus they'll likely be involved in the Deep Stone Crypt!
Yeah, people seriously no life this game and then complain, it's astonishing.
    Happened across someone last night that was level 69 of the season pass...  It's barely into week two.  Wtf are you doing??
        Dude, I ran a playlist strike with a guy that was already at 100...I was like, wuh? How?
            I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
                yep bugged
        You just naturally get that high when playing all three characters to power level for the raid.
Dude. I just started with all the strikes on every planet.  I just finished Cayde whole revenge. Kinda cool storyline. Haven’t done Eris dumbass Darth Bane Armor shit because I hate driving around looking for shit every time for her. Then I moved into the individual guardian missions on each planet. You want loot...play gambit.
Yeah the weapon system, only 4v4 pvp, slow movement speed, slow ability regen, super long TTKs in a game where TTK is already pretty long, I just hated it. Luckily it’s all just sandbox stuff that could be(and was) changed. Destiny core gameplay/mechanics are so fundamentally sound that it was easy to revert those bad changes with simply sandbox updates.
I think they've crossed into "very large game" category and don't want to give in to it. Given Destiny's content and playstyle were fun, I didn't mind it was a 100GB game quite like I minded cod eating my hard drive, so I disagree with vaulting in the sense that they shouldn't have had to vault story and campaign, at least. They could've trimmed other things and left the campaign (or adjusted it so you don't need the planets). 

That being said, I'm a New Light player anyway, and it took two days to *find* the campaign when I started. Fantastic game, I loved it once I could get into the missions - but it certainly didn't try to make me enjoy myself at first lmao and I imagine that's not any better now that it's all gone
    Same here. I've discovered the game a few months ago. Was super confused at first, because i was expecting some kind of cinematic... like, where's the story? What am I doing here? Who is everyone and why are they important? 

The New Light questline wasn't really clear on what it was, which is a very basic tutorial and a redline to guide through every location and nothing more. 

But once i discovered the campaigns - just like you - i started to have immense fun. The story wasn't anything special, but it did the job in giving you a basic overview on what you needed to understand your place in the lore. Now that's gone. The New Light tutorial - which it's still just a tutrial and nothing more - is better because it's more condensed. 

But after that... well you either buy into the DLCs because the gameplay sucked you in... or you'll just sit there asking yourself what the story of Destiny is even about. It doesn't really eluminate anything that you couldn't summurize into 3 sentences.

I agree that the whole vaulting thing to save space on your harddrive was stupid. The downsides are so much bigger than the upsides.
    Although I would prefer no vaulting at all as I find more content = better, I think the biggest offense was vaulting the raids/Leviathan instead of making them meaningful like they did to the outdated raids in Destiny 1.

Also I miss the Tribute Hall and Menagerie
That's exactly what it is. Its like a part time job to play this game lol
    Full time with unpaid opportunities for nights and weekends
I think for me its the repetition.  Do the same encounters over and over again.  How many times are we going to have to fight a guy that shoots ice out of a staff or gun?  Last season it was having to play gambit on different planets, the one before that it was extreme basketball.
It's because the relatable features of D2 lack variety of depth and things are made unnecessarily grindy so you feel even more like your time is wasted
Friend of mine does that, I hate it because I do the thing where I jump from game to game. And then when I log on to play it with him he isn't there and I'm sad.
I do the same. I played consistently through the first couple expansions, regardless of how everyone else felt I still loved the game. Left for a bit, came back for forsaken, left for all of gambit season and came back towards the end of opulence, now I'm having another break since arrivals - not sure why but the beginning of arrivals burnt me out hard. Might come back now if I find an excuse to spend another $60 on this game.
    If you have Xbox, it’s on the Game Pass.
4 lbs is 1.82 kg
The only other game that I have been this obsessed with was City of Heroes. What can I say? I love the Superpowers vibe. Also with Destiny, I get to shoot stuff, which is bonus. 😀
That’s it! I will say that fighting the BIG mech dudes during those crux of darkness heroic public events on Europa is nice. I can pretend I’m doing the raid at least lol
    Hahaha yes it's like house scourge has followed us to Europa! Plus they'll likely be involved in the Deep Stone Crypt!
Happened across someone last night that was level 69 of the season pass...  It's barely into week two.  Wtf are you doing??
    Dude, I ran a playlist strike with a guy that was already at 100...I was like, wuh? How?
        I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
            yep bugged
    You just naturally get that high when playing all three characters to power level for the raid.
Same here. I've discovered the game a few months ago. Was super confused at first, because i was expecting some kind of cinematic... like, where's the story? What am I doing here? Who is everyone and why are they important? 

The New Light questline wasn't really clear on what it was, which is a very basic tutorial and a redline to guide through every location and nothing more. 

But once i discovered the campaigns - just like you - i started to have immense fun. The story wasn't anything special, but it did the job in giving you a basic overview on what you needed to understand your place in the lore. Now that's gone. The New Light tutorial - which it's still just a tutrial and nothing more - is better because it's more condensed. 

But after that... well you either buy into the DLCs because the gameplay sucked you in... or you'll just sit there asking yourself what the story of Destiny is even about. It doesn't really eluminate anything that you couldn't summurize into 3 sentences.

I agree that the whole vaulting thing to save space on your harddrive was stupid. The downsides are so much bigger than the upsides.
Although I would prefer no vaulting at all as I find more content = better, I think the biggest offense was vaulting the raids/Leviathan instead of making them meaningful like they did to the outdated raids in Destiny 1.

Also I miss the Tribute Hall and Menagerie
Full time with unpaid opportunities for nights and weekends
If you have Xbox, it’s on the Game Pass.
Hahaha yes it's like house scourge has followed us to Europa! Plus they'll likely be involved in the Deep Stone Crypt!
Dude, I ran a playlist strike with a guy that was already at 100...I was like, wuh? How?
    I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
        yep bugged
You just naturally get that high when playing all three characters to power level for the raid.
I was in the Glassway last night with someone that said 147. 

Also is there a visual bug with your own level? Every time I die there's a little "1" above my Ghost, but I'm at like level 30 or so.
    yep bugged
yep bugged
