[[The Firefly effect ]]


I knew people were waiting for her to become playable (and I both wanted and was sure of it). But I really didn't expect her to explode like this. 

She received way more attention in an hour than most of characters in their drip market, and her drip market was the first one to get a shorts on the official YouTube channels. 

What I mean is: this might be frightening for Mihoyo, and they are aware of what they did: they know what people expect her to be. 

I don't even think Acheron (Probably the one that broke the game the most at her first apparition), Kafka and Sparkle (their trailers like Acheron hitting like a truck) got that much attention at their drip market. There even was a website made to let Firefly waiters know when she will get her drip market and be released (https://firefly.party/)

She Cannot disappoint. Her gameplay, the conclusion of her story, and her trailer all have to be absolute bangers. 

I have a feeling like she might do twice the views of Kafka or Sparkle trailers. 

And I don't think Mihoyo are unaware of it, the fact she was the first one to get drip market on YouTube shorts shows that they know what they cooked. 

I am a little scared of the reactions of players when she will be released... But I guess we will see.

What do you guys think of the brutal hype of the character over simply a drip market? 


https://preview.redd.it/ul3jretuc7wc1.png?width=1200&format=png&auto=webp&s=62557f5051e5e3705f28ff79f0ddd14b8e0498f9
    https://preview.redd.it/5r673cmr18wc1.jpeg?width=960&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c6e02ad2d5b81c4f538798abbd89341af3a677de

Thank you! Made a new homekey for it!
        The fact original logo is still there. Bro really saw the "March or Firefly" and went "Both"

Respect
        How do you do that?
            There’s a shortcut app in iOS.
                Name?
                    shortcut
                        Oh, just like that, I'll check it out
        Answer your texts please
        If you're a guy with 429 texts then holy shit
    FIREFLY, HOW DID YOU BECOME THE MASCOT FOR THE HIT HOYOVERSE GAME HONKAI STAR RAIL FIREFLY? WHAT DID YOU DO TO MARCH FIREFLY?? FIREFLYYYYYYYYYYY
        https://preview.redd.it/zjetypkug8wc1.jpeg?width=1124&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=07737632bdf02d298a70c13794f8f762322589ad
            Someone needs to make an og firefly meme, seeing this nasty AI one always scares me a bit. Kinda like a jump scare
                Didn't know this was AI till now. The hands didn't even look *that* wierd.
                    I'm telling you bruh, I got that spider sense for AI stuff. Shit creeps me out. Look at the clothes too, she doesn't wear that. It's creepy lookin'
        The power of being the girlfriend.

https://preview.redd.it/jpsxs1ut48wc1.jpeg?width=792&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=dea1565ce20a04de067d09b5d164c033764b4655
            Source ? What the f 💀
                I tried reverse image searching but couldn’t find the og artist but the image itself is based of a Jujutsu Kaisen scene
                    Based on the part of the opening where >!Toji overtook the medium!<, which happens after Choso has a breakdown about his true brahza.
                        The medium? You mean >!a domain expansion!<? 

And I mean technically it happened after the breakdown, lol, it also happens after the Nanamin thirst shot where he beat the crap outta the dude with the handsword.
                            In the opening
                It’s a redraw of the frame where Toji from JJK enters Dagon’s beach episode before molest him with his long thick rod
        remember that time when Sparkle thought Firefly was March? lol
        Oh, Miss March! Don’t you remember me? After all the favors I did for you all in Belobog?
        https://preview.redd.it/hu1ec2l1i8wc1.jpeg?width=382&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8ca2487e9824d660ae09c090b1393407e2145ae3
        *Processing img ueb55t68z7wc1...*

Trapped her with one of those traps.

In marchs case it was a new camera.
            If you know march you know that Firefly just put a pitcher of juice
        March is probably crying in the corner
        This just makes me excited for what they’ll cook for March when it’s her turn in the spotlight.
        We have made it. March 9th
    https://preview.redd.it/uqb5yxdww8wc1.jpeg?width=1170&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1cf14f11ac57d72f75179ef823715dcbc0a6ac39
    https://preview.redd.it/0ihqggwpr8wc1.jpeg?width=600&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7c74f56fbf9151fa07a92708b2f5cf7d29cbf3ab

(Patiently waiting for Kiana expy in HSR 😭)
        Me too. If there were a few leaks about it like Acheron's it might have been more exciting to look forward to it. Unfortunately, we have nothing.
            Yeah Kiana expy is always the last of the trio (Kiana, Mei, Bronya) to be released and they keep it really secretive. For Genshin, it might take a long time for a Kiana expy to be released there after Bronya the Tsaritsa is released. In HSR, we now have Mei and Bronya (both petite and tall versions of Bronya like in HI3). Please MiHoYo don't make us wait YEARS for Kiana 😭

I kind of get why they don't want to release her too early in Genshin and HSR because she's the daughter of MiHoYo, the first character to be made in their first game, FlyMe2theMoon.
                We don't even know if the archon is gonna look like Bronya. Everyone thought we were gonna get a Himeko expy with Murata but the leaked design does not look like her at all
                    I really love the leaked concept design though. It’s so radically different and looks very fun!

I was expecting to see a boring, stereotypical tribal woman, so festive carnivalesque girl was a lovely surprise
                At this point Kate Kaslana is scraped. Genshin was barely connected to Honkai and at this point it’s its own thing.
                I sort of thought the Unknown God or Paimon was the Kiana Expy?
        It's gonna be Frebass (copium)
        Plot twist: Kiana is Pom-Pom.
    As much as I love firefly there's only one mascot of this game and it ain't you
        Ah yes, Pom-Pom
            A strange way to spell "Hanu".
                Hmmph!
                    100 points, that was a *cool* grunt. Man, that was so cool.
                        So cool.
            Weird way to spell March 7th
    Someone needs to make this but with Sam lmfao
    I’ve been saying that she’s going to be responsible for March 7th erasure. Real ones will remember this, firefly 🫡
    Is this ai?
>She Cannot disappoint. Her gameplay, the conclusion of her story, and her trailer all have to be absolute bangers.

I feel like she could have objectively the worst of any of these and she will still be regarded as one of the fandoms favorites. But thats still unlikely coz above all else Hoyo know how to market characters to their intended audiences  and deliver quality

Just look at Sparkles trailers, she is relatively a minor character in Penacony and her trailers gave her so much hype. Hoyo know how to make money, whether that be fanservice (dance animation first half) or just delivering amazing story telling for their characters (Aventurine). I'm sure that whatever they have planned for FF will appeal to her fanbase
    I don't know if they could now start slacking off after building so much hype with her, knowing she's the most anticipated character in the game and the last Stellaron Hunter

With how much hyped people are, I think that the predictions of a bad work from them now is nothing if not unpredictable. Whereas a great work will only lead to one reaction.

https://preview.redd.it/qtnpi20xd7wc1.jpeg?width=482&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=58a97c0e958bb41c2dbf07dba9a1998f5e4d4623
        [removed]
            It's fcking henshin aren't it. It has to be.
                I’d very much assume it is at this point. We still haven’t seen her put on the armor, only take it off, so I hope they go full Iron Man with her and give her a hyper detailed transformation.
                It's going to be rider kick with all the lava effect isn't it? I don't want anything less
                I actually want either the henshin to be the passive or she has two ult so she can have that ground slam in her kit
            Where is this leak?, also how the fuck do you surpass acherons Ult
                https://preview.redd.it/dcky4ngbk7wc1.jpeg?width=445&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=250c72d8407975acdf31259575f2188fccaa1702
                    hiiii\~
                        WHY CAN I HEAR IT!!!
                On HSRLeaks reddit. A very reputable leaker from CN stated that her ultimate animation is very luxurious (It cost them a lot of money to make).
                Just some passerby rumour. Basically no thing concrete, just a dude came out and said she has high effort animations then dip. It’s as credible as me saying “there’s a 6* Welt in the work” at this point
        I guess we're not getting a playable Elio? lol
            So soon without a single visual of him except a cat... Yeah. 

But a cat can be a character though
                I think I would E6 Elio if his playable model was just \*cat\*
                The Hanu mode was just the proving grounds for Elio
                that would be awesome, actually, and probably doable
                A [playable] cat is fine, too
                    They had playable peppy, so a playable cat should be fine right?
        Isn't Ellio is the last Stellaron Hunter, that we still didn't see
            I don't count Elio for 2 reasons:

-They seem way more important than the other Stellaron Hunters and clearly doesn't play on the same field

-If I count Elio then we will wait probably 2 years to know who Elio is lol
        She's not the last, we'll still have Élio
        I don't think she's gonna pull Acheron numbers, but she certainly has a lot of hype around her.
            At least she brutalized the records on popularity on twitter, but yeah, hard to make a character stronger than Acheron atm. However she's a fire DPS, we don't have a lot of that whereas Lightning DPS is very common. 

Acheron got the attention of both people that love stories and people interested in the meta, and what's sure is that she got everyone's attention in the story. As a very rare Fire DPS, it her kit is good, she could also be very expected
                Fire DPS is certainly a new gameplay experience.
                    I love you Himeko but... Yeah,
    Meanwhile Aventurine trailers: just reuse the dialogue from the story with some gifs.
        Oof, yeah, I wasn't expecting them to go as hard as they did on Acheron, and they gave him tons of love in the story itself. But it definitely felt pretty underwhelming compared to the trailers etc. that BW/Sparkle/Acheron got.
        That’s true for his short trailers but not for his demo trailer. That one was amazing. I was expecting something like Daniels trailer after having an entire story patch to him just like DHIL, so i was surprised that wasn’t the case.
        Nah they know the story and trial gameplay already sold the character. The trailers are just additional snack.
        The demo trailer absolutely was anything but this. Obviously not as hype as Acheron's, considering the difference in anticipation between them, but they didn't slack off on the last trailer before his banner dropped.
    I wouldn't downplay Sparkle. She is enjoying a minor role, but between the hints to Aventurine, the Tatalov dream bubble, sending TB and Firefly to the Shadow Realm, and hinting at the nature of Penacony to Swan, she has been pretty much directing every player on the plot to where they are at right now.
        Yeah like sampo but much straight forward.
            Just Fools things
    On the one hand you have a point. On the other hand I'm terrified they'll pull a Dehya like they did in Genshin.
    On the other hand, Dehya. They've fumbled the ball before.
    This is 100% true because Chinese TCs were calling Kafka a 2/10 and the 2 was because she was mommy before her release and she was still one of the most anticipated units
        Apparently CN are very meta focused and dont like dot so when her best partner at the time was Sampo they rated her that low. Now after Black Swan is out Kafka stonks have definitely gone up but im pretty sure they still dont like dot as a play style, I think Black Swan revenue in CN was on the lower end

A shame coz their designs are well loved and in terms of media Kafka dominates a lot of the space, in terms of meta DoT is fun asf but I guess it will be a playstyle that doesnt appeal to some. Im addicted to it though
            DOT is legit my favourite and best team - I need kafka
                It's also super versatile. Everyones talking about different modes needing different teams, and I kinda just throw my Kafka dot team at whatever and it 3 stars effortlessly. (except SD and GnG, still trying to figure out how not to get bodied in those)
                    If you want to run dot in those you basically need two things: the Nihility blessing where Suspicion stacks debuff the enemy’s attack, and as many defensive blessings as you can get from other Paths. The play is to let IX carry your damage output while the team focuses on keeping Kafka alive to keep detonating DoTs.
                        I like the "dots heal the party" and "dots regenerate energy" blessings. Then there are the "dots trigger one extra time" and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas. 

With a team of Kafka, BS, and RM Kafka's ultimate can hit for over 1 million by the end of the run.
                            Those are great too, but the main issue in Difficulty V SD or high Conundrum GnG isn’t how high your damage numbers are— it’s how easily you get one-shot. Granted, you also do need high damage because of anti-stall mechanics, but I’ve lost way more runs because the boss snuck a turn in at phase transition and obliterated Kafka than because I hit the berserk timer even with all four characters alive
                                Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
                                True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
                            > and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas.

It's hitting an enemy, weakness broken or not, triggers a random DoT on them

You're getting it confused with the "hitting weakness broken enemies has a 75% base chance to inflict either a wind shear, bleed, shock, or burn DoT for 2 turns"

The random DoT trigger blessing is actually kind of mediocre compared to a lot of Nihility blessings given that it basically winds triggering only one DoT out of the 7+ that enemies will have.

I suppose it's kind of better now that it can provide Black Swan with an extra Arcana stack on each of your support and sustainers' actions.

The "inflict same weakness break on adjacent enemies" or "chance to inflict random dot on weakness broken enemy" are probably stronger. Assuming you get a relevant weakness on the boss.
                    My go-to team is a modification of my trusty dot team. I run E0S1 Kafka, E1S1 Black Swan, and E0S1 Acheron. I usually use Luocha as an SP battery with free heals as well. That team absolutely annihilates anything I throw it against haha.
            sampo isnt bad tho, is this a waifu thing?
                He’s a rat!
                    https://preview.redd.it/v1jgom22j8wc1.jpeg?width=228&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c52decc1ee2fa666433b39e9db16514ad543e901
            Weird lol. Even before Black Swan, I ran Kafka Sampo, Kafka Luka, and even Kafka hypercarry and she slapped to hard. It takes a fraction of the effort to build her compared to someone like Jingliu

with Black Swan and Ruan Mei, she is a complete cheat code. Imagine having to match enemy's weakness and play around blessings. Just hit them with the fourty quintillion cancers
                Odd comparison, Jingliu is extremely easy and forgiving to build.
                Yeah, I pulled Kafka because "hm maybe it would be fun to try a DoT team sometime" and honestly Kafka+Sampo was already quite a strong combo.  (I imagine Kafka+Luka would be amazing against elites and bosses, too.)

Then I pulled Black Swan, and the triple Nihility squad just deletes their way through the Simulated Universe even with a sustain instead of Ruan Mei.  (And now I'm catching myself wondering if the right blessing combo could allow me to get away with not running a sustain at all.  I know there's one that gives you a bit of HP when enemies take damage from DoT...)

The only problem is that if I want to do MoC/PF, it's hard to build a second team that can keep up.  But improving my roster will always be a work in process.
                    The right blessings in Sim Universe can definitely erase the need for sustain. I still bring Gepard because why not, but sometime I can one tick Yanqing with Black Swan + Kafka. With the combo of healing on dot dealing damage and Abundance, the only time you actually need Sustian is on higher levels of GnG
        In case anybody is confused by this radioactive take. This user is referencing this Pokke img

https://preview.redd.it/mdh2mjn7v7wc1.png?width=1042&format=png&auto=webp&s=991e9876a3ad1bb0b7cf3b924a5917d3d4f680c7

 This is old shit, Kafka needed E1 for universal Proc

 But the conclusion was 10/10 if you want DOT, 2/10 if you don't. RADIOACTIVE TAKE OMG.
            New player here, my E0 kafka has never failed to trigger the DOT with her E. That said, it fails to register as debuff for Acheron sometimes, does that count?
            A LOT of bad takes and people retro actively shitting on TCs is a game of telephone.

TC says "they're good with X, bad with Y"

CCs hear "bad with Y"

Players hear "bad".
            Well yeah if you dont care about dot she will suck. That makes sense.
        That’s crazy to me lol, the Chinese TCs truly live in their own world
            I don’t disagree but since China’s playerbase ranks characters based on meta, they are bound to have such opinions. When 1.2 dropped all I saw in bilibili and Weibo about Kafka was that she was pretty, but dot is a niche she plays into (considering all we had for dot was Sampo and Serval, who was not officially a dot unit. There was also Asta and Hook with their burn, but the former was considered good for the spd buff, and the latter was disregarded). 

Obviously now we have more dot units and Kafka turned into a character that can enable this previously ‘niche’ playstyle
            To be fair, up until a late stage of the beta, you needed e1 for her skill to be able to detonate DoTs that weren't her own and she was far more dependant on Serval for extending her DoT as her FuA didn't apply it
            Well, they are better than all global players, like chinese and jp players are usually just better, so I won't make fun of them for it
            Not that wild if they base it solely after meta impact. Now personally I can't imagine Kafka not being seen as incredibly meta at any point in time, but what do I know
    Sparkles trailer was hands down my top favorite
    Hoyo suffered nothing for dehya's kit, wont matter in the slightest what firefly's is.
    Personally I am cautiously waiting to see whether this will go full Genshin or if future story lines will properly integrate the stellaron hunters as regular returning cast. 

At this point, all known Stellaron hunters have been introduced. With no new members as far as we know in the horizon. Blade’s story is so intrinsically tied to the Xianzhou that it’s hard to see him coming into the story anywhere else besides the abundance (since it seems his part in the Xianzhou appears to be over even if we do return there). Silver Wolf has firmly established herself as a sort of deus x machina but she can do what she has been doing without ever actually making a physical appearance. Sam biggest superpower in Penacony was the mystery of who he is but now that her identity is exposed, that card can never be used again. 

How much narrative potential do the stellaron hunters have left?
    My friend, do you remember the sad tale of Dehya? Hoyo did literally everything right with her, but her kit was so underwhelming, it straight up killed any hype she has gathered...
    Aventurine doesn't even need a very hype trailer like Sparkle's or Acheron's, his full involvement in 2.1 storyline plus CCs who just cannot stop gushing about his potential game breaking utility are enough to make him stand out on his own. April numbers will still be good despite Arlecchino release this month over at GI.
    Meh, I never cared for her until we found out who she was. And no amount of hype will persuade me from building a team I wanted.
I'll say it and it will probably make a lot of people angy, but her being leaked so long ago, with her double identity raised the stake by a ton.

That's what happen when you raise the audience expectation, even involuntarely.
    Oof glad I didn’t get spoiled. When I hit that end of patch WTF moment right after all the Aventurine feels, my jaw hit the floor.

The end of this patch had so much punch between Aventurine’s “death”, Firefly reveal, and Gallagher’s turn.
        Yeah, I kinda got soft spoiled on both her 'death' and that she was Sam so I was just enjoying the pretty images while those bits played out to me. I think that is a big reason that I never got attached to her. She has a cute design but I met her knowing she was going to die so didn't care too much and then learned she was not really dead so didn't surprise me.
        I wasn’t too stunned because I suspected she was Sam, but when we saw Sam alive again it was certainly a “wait, what?” moment…

Now the Gallagher thing actually caught me off guard. I didn’t think he was the murderer (I wasn’t really invested enough to solve the murder mystery), but I knew something was very wrong with him. “He’s so normal!” Yeah. *Sure.* I *definitely* believe you.
    Some people are obsessed with spoils but sometimes just a little bit of information about what will happen make the hype even bigger as we expect things.
        Also in a way people obsessed with spoils also made her people more impatient to have her released as socialy you couldn't talk much about her. So at the end it's a little bit like a bottle of champain too. Most of people KNEW, most of people COULDNT talk about it, but now it's fine you can scream "FIREFLY IS SAM" and nobody can complain about it.
            I can understand that we don't want to tell everything about it, but... Some stories are great because of the expectations they built.

[An article talked about the impact of spoils on the appreciation of a work.](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/51571027_Story_Spoilers_Don't_Spoil_Stories)

I don't say we should spoil everything but giving some key points that could lead us to expect things makes us way more eager to see what will happen. 

So yeah, a bottle of Champaign
                Eh. My experience is that generally story spoilers do ruin the experience, regardless of what someone in im ivory tower is telling me I feel about spoilers. I felt nothing when han solo died despite him being one of my favorite characters because I knew he was gonna die. And with the firefly reveal I felt absolutely nothing upon seeing her again despite literally crying when she got stabbed and seemed dead. I know for a fact I'd have felt at least some confusion or excitement or something if I hadn't accidentally found those story leaks while trying to find character release leaks to plan my jade spend.  Spoilers absolutely ruin the first experience of a story, and by doing so they ruin the subsequent re-encounters with a story because they are often highly reliant on nostalgia for that first experience to feel meaningful whatsoever. Without a good first experience, most stories aren't even worth rereading, rewatching or replaying.
                    OOT but I deleted the star wars sequel so hard from my memory that it took me a while re-reading that 'Han Solo dies' line and thinking 'what.. he gets put in carabonite but later he is fine...?'
                Story spoilers have a different impact than that article suggests though. The impact of knowing what's about to happen absolutely kills a person's desire to consume the story.
                Welp I got spoiled that the mc will also have a path of Harmony. I mean I know that all paths are gonna be available for mc but c'mon I got spoiled for the story.
Story plot and shockinv revelation that I've been anticipating to keep me playing the game but it kill my mood.
                    Again, spoilers don't **Necessarily** spoil the story. It depends what to spoil.
        The issue is that HYV can’t fuck this up. I know in the past they did fuck up with ending a story. Please not here.
        For some people, like me, a small spoiler just enhances the story. Or barely matters.   
People take spoilers a bit way too seriously. 

  
Luv Muv Extra was good to me only because I knew the twist.   
On the plus side, knowing the plot of the second part of Inazuma barely mattered to me.
        There was also was research into spoilers that suggested spoilers increase enjoyment. As much as people claim to hate them, that's not what researchers have apparently found.


I never read the paper thou. I just have seen it mentioned before. 
            Tbh it just depends on what you leak to others, controlled leaks are way better
She is a fan favorite so I think they cant drop the ball with her. I guess itll come down to her kit, but with the drip showing the intention of her >!turning into Sam!<. Itll be hard to mess up a suit up/transform animation which I think will be her main selling point. Still we all know how Hoyo likes them Destruction characters so she is probably going to be busted
    Dehya was a fan favourite too lmao
        Don't you put that evil on me
        I feel like while Dehya's kit wasnt bad on paper. The way it was implemented in Genshin was just pretty bad. I mean with how open space there is you really just need decent reaction times and youll be fine. You dont need a character like Dehya in that game. HSR has shown that Dehya's kit can work in Fu Xuan basically, so whatever they can come with for Firefly should be fine and able to work well
            The thing is that she's bad not only because of her kit, but also because of bad damage multipliers, her ultimate attacks are not considered basic attacks, and her resistance to interruption only lasts like half the time of her skill. So they literally made her bad on purpose.

And what I meant is that she was super hyped by the community, but she still ended up being bad. So I don't want to keep my hopes that high for Firefly, even if I already know that I'll pull for her and use her, just like I did with Dehya.
                Don't worry Firefly has white skin her kit will be alright.

I still am upset about Dehya. 100% of her problems could be solved by changing numbers, her kit itself is good, but she has half uptime and dmg it should in every part of her kit.
                    I barely work with Unity since my college day. Give me the documentation and three days with the project files, and I can give you a Dehya with a coherent kit.

Give me 1 month and a programmer who know what they're doing, she'll be at least a Hutao tier.

80% of Dehya's problem is in her numbers abd the way things are tagged. Those can be fixed in an afternoon if you know your way around the project.
                        She would be a good char with small number and text changes:

E trigger changed to 1.25s from 2.5s (this would allow her to be a burgeon trigger at c0)

Casting E2 refreshes the field uptime (Making it 100% uptime if the players times it right)

A1 infinite poise lasts as long as her field

Q cost reduced to 50 and increased HP% multiplier

Boom good char. Targeting problems is something that affects all characters so it's not a Dehya problem
                            My first direction for her is to make her a vape subdps sustain hybrid. Not the most innovative, but she will work. I hasn't played genshin in a while so i don't remember what is needed to make Burgeon work.

E: Reduce damage taken. 100% of the damage that the character do take is redirected to Dehya instead. If Dehya is on field, double the damage reduction.

Q: Now counts as Normal Attack. Final Hit is Plunge Attack. Gains amping crit rate buff as Dehya takes damage, maxing out when she is at like 50/20. When she cast it, Dehya either rapidly regenerate hp or life steal a portion of the damage she deals with her ult.. If E is on field, refresh E duration and make it travel with her. 

You put your main DPS on field and do your rotation with them, taking damage as you go along. The damage is transferred to Dehya, then you switch to her and punch back up.

E2 gives ramping crit damage along with crit rate. E6 gives her 100% uptime on her burst, making her an onfield dps
                Yea, my biggest issue with Dehya is it felt like her numbers were all tuned to specifically not work. Her Poise falls off, her pyro application was too slow, she doesn't really do damage, can't even quickswap burst because of that last point, mitigation still needs a healer so its weaker then either a healer or shielder, no content in the game even requires the role...

HSR and Genshin do have different teams though so I'm not all doom and gloom for Firefly, but of course I could be wrong. My opinions for HSR's team when it comes to kit design is a lot higher then it is for genshin.
            Dehya's kit has potential, but they went out of their way to make it bad.

Reducing the follow-up attack recast of her skill to 1s, making the 100% interruption resistance part of her skill instead of a separate talent, increasing her multipliers overall and doubling the damage of her ult while adding a party wide lifesteal to it would make her very desirable.
            Any kit can turned good or bad depending on numbers.

She had very bad numbers and that's all there is to it.
            > I feel like while Dehya's kit wasnt bad on paper

It is bad on paper. Multiple 5 stars don't even lose their ult if they swap, *let alone jump*. Kokomi doesn't lose her burst if she jumps cause that would make 0 sense. Dehya does.
        This is my fear.
        Fortunately for us we are playing HSR here kek
        Yeah I got somewhat bored playing genshin because of that since it just means that they can just fuck whatever character you like and be done with it. I'd imagine we'd have a zhongli situation again if they ever did screw up on firefly's kit lol
        The new Fu Hua in Honkai Impact really reminded me of her. And made me a little sad
    If they fuck up her kit I not sure even the CCP can save Dawei then.
        The only time Mihoyo did something was with Zhongli and only when CN was close to report Mihoyo for being anti patriotic for making  the archon of genshin's China to be weak, they tried to do the same with Raiden Shogun and failed since she is not of chinese origin.
            Fuck commies lol
            She also just wasn't a bad character and people were over reacting. 


Also mhy did something with yae Mike, the community just hated mhys changes so they reverted it. 


Mhy just knows most players are reactionary and most 'underwhelming characters' are just the community over reacting. Except is zhongli and dehya. 
    Waiting for the firefly->Sam magical girl animation. If there isn't one, I'm SUING
        I'm already looking at rentals for trucks with giant screens on them.
    IMO we're really getting 2 characters in a single package. Love to see the first unit in the game get 2 ultimates, which could be another selling point. You get both Firefly/Sam's ultimate being different. One with the suit on and the other with it off. 

I'd be kinda disappointed if we don't get to use Firefly with the suit on and it's strictly only her ult where we get the animation with Sam's armor coming on --> damage done --> suit is off until the next ult.
I love Firefly as much as anyone, but topping Sparkle's 'Monodrama' would be difficult as hell.

Sparkle's cinematic was-- and still is-- a freaking blast to watch, even if you don't like her character all that much (which a lot of people don't). And it is shown that even if people really like a character, for example, comparing Acheron's sales or likes to her trailer performance in terms of views... well, maybe it just doesn't have a high correlation there.

And I don't think Sparkle's trailer can be easily topped from a visual standpoint, even if Firefly's character is far more loved, is what I am saying. It'd be TOUGH.
    Yeah... I'm not a huge fan of Sparkle but her trailer, music and animations are all super well done and you can really tell they put their heart into the character. If it weren't for her visuals and the skill points as a DHIL player, I wouldn't pull her personally.
        Really wished her basic attack used the gun from her trailer instead of a kick though.
            Honestly I like both. The kick is nice and she has really good movement in her trailer, plus we have a handful of ranged shots anyways especially for harmony characters like bronya, yukong, ruan mei and asta.
        Here I am with the complete opposite opinion. Huge fan of Sparkle, but found her trailer to be incredibly pretentious. I cringe every time I hear "I am Elation" and watch her shoot herself. It will not be hard for Firefly to surpass that.
            I don't particularly care for the "I am Elation" line but I like the OST and editing, plus how it overall conveys her type of character REALLY well with the chaotic nature of it.
    Oh I totally agree with you. 

Kafka and Sparkle were brutal. 

Acheron was special. But it was just as great imo. 

But I believe Firefly can still do it and Mihoyo might aim at doing so
        considering blade and kafka had like no1 character trailers for a long time (not counting bailu since she got inflated by ads) i think theyre not gonna fumble on firefly
    I actually started playing hsr because of her trailer. It's amazing. Also mainly because I'm a hu tao main in genshin so sparkle was a huge selling point for me in addition to firefly's scene because I legit thought that this firefly is female trailblazer in one of the reels I saw on the internet. And I related to genshin how lumine and aether are brothers. 

Still topping monodrama will be difficult but I'm looking forward to it.
https://preview.redd.it/cjyit178r7wc1.gif?width=300&format=png8&s=9eb6dd7e5c007b0b2919544da70f25abb48e30a5
They've been cooking for a long time. From Sam's appearance in the Japella rebellion, to our date with Firefly and the release soon. Also make sure to give her some distance to Acheron's banner, to give people's wallet time to recover. 

It's like OP said, the only thing missing is good gameplay (I don't think trailers will matter that much and I'm sure her story will be fine). They'll want to avoid the "Dehya effect".
    They were here even before the Japella rebellion. 

[Remember the time Sam accidentally sent us their script and Sam tried to spam emotes to hide it?](https://youtu.be/EIY4-NRhxLw?si=2_lz0unz6yONoYdG)
        Only people who own Blade will have ever seen that text unless they saw it online.
        ...no I don't remember that 😅
            Check the video lol
                Haha okay I see
    The "Dehya effect" was a deliberate decision made by hoyo. They can "choose" to avoid it or not.
Twitter likes are Twitter likes, and don’t necessarily translate to any other metric. I recall Arataki Itto‘s reveal getting more likes than the Raiden Shogun’s on Twitter, but he absolutely did not outdo her in trailer views or sales.

Personally I think Firefly is very popular and will do well on every metric that matters, but I wouldn’t expect some crazy overperformance above Honkai’s usual numbers
    Yae's drip had the most likes of any on Twitter (at the time) but her hype fizzled out fast when people didn't like her kit in leaks (not bad but people expected a hyper dps)

You know hoyo works in mysterious ways when they set up mega hyped money printers like her and dehya then kneecap themselves lol
        What is with the X.5 characters being disappointing to some of the player base? I don’t think Eula, Yae, Dehya, or Chiori had the best reception lol.
            They call it a curse because usually X.5 is also the most lacking of any content. This comment actually made me remember I even had a Eula to begin with…
        I still remember that "damage" showcase that gained traction on the main sub, where the player wasn't even conecting the turrets, people on that comment section were doomposting her so much because of that.
    > I recall Arataki Itto‘s reveal getting more likes than the Raiden Shogun’s on Twitter, but he absolutely did not outdo her in trailer views or sales.

Not in JP, and a lot of hype got deflated when instead of bulky oni dude we got a regular character model with drawn-on muscles and "meh" in-game performance - not bad, but also not amazing. Raiden was a gamebreaker who also had banner right after bonus currency reset in store.
    Itto thing only happened in EN, and mostly because the community (reddit, twitter) had a weird hard-on for him, ESPECIALLY female players. As it turns out, EN-only attention hardly translates to global sales. 


But you are also right about twitter likes not translating to actual sales. Even in EN, rather than for characters like Itto, the silent majority is much more likely to pull for cute/hot girls who also happen to be strong gameplay-wise, like genshin Raiden or our Acheron.


I wonder if Boothill will be met with similar fate. Unless he's super entertaining in the story, I doubt (relatively) many people will pull for him, no matter how strong he is.
        a “weird hard-on?” my guy it’s a tall shirtless man with muscles, thats about as weird as liking a big boobs Kafka mommy
    except rn it's not only EN twitter but also JP as well, JP rn has 216k likes and its their biggest tweet, comfortably beating out the number of likes both THE "raiden expy" acheron and kafka put together. the itto thing as others pointed out was an EN only thing, no one else really paid attention to it. in JP firefly is absolutely the rage rn. she also ranked second among all hoyo girls in a KR popularly contest above even kiana and mei and only second to elysia. as for CN, they have been constantly pumping out high quality firefly animations, Sam cosplays, ever since 2.0. 

the hype is real for firefly/sam across multiple communities. Only for acheron and kafka I've seen a lot of discourse on social media but this takes the cake away by a mile in terms of how many people are/have been talking about her.

gundam fans, kamen rider fans, the gap moe, the ultimate waifu, the corny ahh one liners, she appeals to so many different communities it's actually insane. 2.3 will be huge, and I'm betting on this.
    Itto probably got a lot of attention in reveal because Max Middleton was voicing him and that was a really big deal at the time.
55 DAYS!?? GOOD TIME TO SAVE
It's cool to see that she's blown up the way she has. I remember ages ago when we got a bunch of character portraits leaked. Believe it was around the time of the first trailblaze continuance in Belobog. Duke Inferno, Sunday, Robin, Aventurine, and Firefly. (For some reason I feel like Misha was there too but not 100% certain)

And I immediately fell in love with Fireflys design. I assumed that they were all future playable characters so I was immediately excited for her, but could find next to NO information. No one seemed to be talking about her. Then of course she was a huge part of 2.0, and then a ton of people got excited about her. It's cool to see the disparity between no one seeming to care, and now her being a fan favorite.
    So far most of my predictions about Firefly not relying on leaks were correct so I believe we can expect good things to happen
I am not sure if reactions on social media or views on youtube can convert to sales.

Sparkle's trailer exploded but it seems her banner sales are normal . Iirc she sold less much than Ruan Mei.

Kafka's sales were mid, even her rerun banners too.

So we don't know about Firefly yet. I just hope she can be as strong as Acheron.
    Why do we care about sales again? 

 She's a 2.X DPS, potentially of a new archetype so i wouldn't be heavily concerned about her meta stance and future potential.

 I just hope they don't introduce a team constraint into her kit and make her E2 fix it.
        > Why do we care about sales again?

As they put it in genshin back then, people are obsessed with the “kpop-ification” of games, or more generally, stan culture. I still find it p.bizaare tbh. Somehow people think it’s a personal achievement for them if mihoeyo earns millions of dollars lmao.
        Acheron isnt the only one with "constraints" into her kit really, imbibitor lunae and QQ to perform really well are very dependent on sparkle, which is even more restrictive than acheron, as it's a single unit (if you dont have her, their value drops significantly) unlike 1 class (nihility) which may bring more variety. Then Jingliu really wants a healer (or even someone like fuxuan mini heals could work), or she will end killing her team if the fight isnt very short.
            So Imbibitor and QQ didn't performed well before Sparkle? That's a spicy take right there.

 As as Imbibitor enjoyer, that's cap. If you said TY, i'd understand but Sparkle is simply comfier.

 But nevermind that, i don't think any of the cases you just gave are comparable to someone who's double Nihility team are 2 cycles slower than the Harmony-Nihility in MoC data.
    These characters have weird situations around them imo.

Sparkle was a difficult skip for a lot of players because of Acheron

Kafka sales were mid because a lot of people were saving since day one for her.
        Incorrect. Just as many if not more people were saving for Acheron, Firefly etc. People who save don't affect banner sales, people who whale do, and 2 patches of saving won't matter to whales. Same with Sparkle. They have absolutely no effect on banner sales.

This being said, no one but hoyo has the actual sales data and every "banner sales" post we get are guesstimates and not solid data. Only Hoyo knows how well they did.
    Meta will be meta I guess, and yeah social media reactions might not convert properly into sales, but a thing a studio cannot ignore is their reputation. 

Call of Duty became trash for over 10 years, Titanfall 2 is still one of the best fps I've seen, and yet, the sole fame of Cod made Titanfall flop despite how revolutionary it was. 

If they flop with Firefly, it's impossible to predict if the community will accept it and wait or get mad and it'll take months to rebuild trust.

However, a majestic trailer in our current situation can only lead to one thing
        CoD didn't kill Titanfall, EA releasing it right between CoD and Battlefield did.
            Basically the studio that wanted to make a futuristic fps video game eventually left Activision (they were formerly infinity ward, and they got scammed by the CEO)  to make Respawn with EA. 

However, Activision knew exactly what Titanfall 2 was supposed to look like. So instead of letting Respawn make their futuristic game with jetpacks and grapnel, so people know about it and they lose their privileged spot of number 1 fps studio, they lazily copied the idea and released 3 futuristic fps games with grapnel and jetpacks (Advanced warfare, BO3 and Infinity warfare). 

So since Cod is more popular, they will make Titanfall 2 looks like another random futuristic game. And consequently Titanfall 2 was led to flop. 

It might not be the only reason, but it surely is the biggest reason imo
            EA didn't choose to release it between CoD and Battlefield, Respawn did. Respawn's leadership at the time had huge egos (they probably still do tbh) and they were confident that their game wouldn't be affected by it's release date.
    Kafka banner was way too long after our encounter with her, so the hype is not that high, also people have enough time to save for her, and she is pretty niche so I don't think her banner will ever be high in sales. Sparkle trailer exploded but she wasn't popular to begin with, and she is similar to Bronya who people can garentee get, and Acheron banner is next.
People like cute girl, Hoyo will give cute girl, I don't see how they can fail on that one. I'm holding on my hype until I see how much of the suit we will get in gameplay, until then my expectations are at the bottom of the pit.
    Someone mentioned that her ULT animation is even greater than Acheron which I hardly believe to be possible lol
        That depends on the person's taste, to me the only thing better than a black hole is two black holes.
            Acheron got 2 black holes
            That's why you play her with Welt
        Tbf art,i.e. ult animation can be pretty subjective so we will have to wait out and see.
            Who's art,i.e.?
                I meant art , i.e. is an abbreviation of Id est which is Latin for "that is". It's a common phrase you might come across if you are a science student.
        No leaks = don't believe in shit
            Faith is not about believing in what you see, but believing despite what you see
Can someone please explain the hype around her? I really don't get what makes her stand out.
    Toku fans, Cute Waifu enjoyers, Popular VA. She hits so many niches ppl like.
        Ok I didn't know about the VA, that actually explains so much alone.
            Her JP was Setsuna Yuki in Love Live but had to quit it due to her health issues back in 2023.
                Oh that makes even more sense. Not sure why I was down voted though, but thanks for the context!
                    Np. Some salty ppl tend to down vote for no reason dw about it.
    I'm with you. I thought she is a cute character and her story was okay (although a little forced). The most interesting thing being the whole SAM thing. But at no point was I like "OMG I MUST HAVE HER!" No hate for her at all or anything but I don't know, different strokes for different folks I guess.

But now I have to wonder, is Firefly actually a dude (SAM) who disguises as a little girl, or is it vice versa?
        She is popular because she is "sweet and loveable" aka waifu bait. Lonely dudes get easily attached and call her their gf. 

I mean, you go on a date (or at least the game is very happy to call it that), she brings you to her super secret special spot and trauma dumps on you that she is dying from a magic space cancer while sappy music plays in the background.

The only thing that would make it more obvious if she was like: "UwU I love you Trailblazer."
        When we were following her around with Acheron and Black Swan, Firefly kept talking to soemone she called "Mecha". I think that's probably who we know as SAM.

Like...SAM/Mecha is the suit (the weird little thing she was holding in her hand in the drip marketing artwork). For the Suit to take the appearance we know she probably needs to go henshin. Both SAM/Mecha and Firefly need eachother to exist probably. SAM/Mecha being male and Firefly obviously female.
            Very interesting. Thanks!
    She is literally star rail Samus. I mean. Her mech suit version name is literally SAM (first three letters in samus)

Blonde grill with big strong mecha suit = badass as fuck 

To be fair. She is literally the only character that we know of that has a human and a mecha form. I think that makes her stand out, a lot.
On the contrary, given that shes the most successful waifu bait ive seen in recent years, she could have the most abhorrent kit and people still would go nuts. 
Eh I still can't get myself interested in Firefly

Edit: I'll write my reasoning here soon once I'm home

  
Why I'm not interested in her? Well, she doesn't seem to have a great story relevance unless I missed something there. If we compare Jingliu to Firefly, both were not as relevant to the main story (I know we're in 2.1.) But at least Jingliu was part of what shaped the Luofu to what it is when we arrive.

If we remove Firefly from the story up until this point, how much would be affected? We arrive at Penacony, explore Golden Hour by ourself (skipping the secret base part etc), We would eventually be sent to the primal dreamscape by sparkle anyway. (Whether we would or wouldn't meet SUD I don't know, because we don't know Gallagher's intention yet). Assuming the SUD scene still happens we would still meet Black Swan and Acheron. (Skipping the Firefly death scene) We meet Sam and the fight breaks out, where Black Swan sends us to Aventurine who then shows us Robin's body. And that's about it, really. While I'm not interested in her as a character \*right now\*, I am interested in what hoyo does with her in the coming story.
    We're about to be downvoted but same, I have mostly neutral feelings towards Firefly. I still feel like we need to know more about her before I can even reach this level of hype the subreddit is going through.
        I’ll take the downvotes too. Her character story just feels rushed, and us having to like her feels very forced. She’s hard carried by that rooftop scene, and that’s the only relevant thing with her until 2.1 where the Sam reveal was. But she just hasn’t…really done much? But people are so attached to her and hyping her up. I have no doubt she’ll be a good character but I think the hype isn’t deserved as of right now.

I also feel as though people formed a weird parasocial relationship with her, as if she was actually their girlfriend lol. Reminds me a lot of Furina from Genshin Impact
            Pretty much. She is not a bad character by herself, but it's probably the most explicit waifubait I've seen in ages considering how all the moments you had together were explicitly treated as a date with the game lowkey forcing you to care about her.
            I agree. She hasn't really done or said much, and it feels very forced to like her. She appears, and then immediately the story makes it feel like a love at first sigh thing

I appreciate that later, we find out that it was all a plan of hers to guide us towards the watchmakers legacy in a more direct way, as stated by Sam. But the absurdly massive amount of "best girl" posts, ships, and overwhelming love for the character makes me feel out of place since I just simply like her instead of OMG
            I think this is really a big difference in how different parts of fandom work.

Some parts of fandom build hype for a character based on what's shown in the work proper and the objective facts.  So assuming Firefly has a bigger role in 2.2+ (which seems inevitable), perhaps then they'll appreciate her for who she is.  (What we saw in 2.0 was clearly just a "prologue," and the "real story" will be what happens next.  Given her place in the Stellaron Hunters, she also seems likely to be a recurring character as well.)

But other parts of fandom build hype by filling in the gaps between what's shown with their imagination.  So even though Firefly until now had a sort of brief, rushed, and canonically minor role in the grand scheme of things (which she herself calls out, leaning on the fourth wall), the mystery of what could happen given the premise of her character allows people to come up with all sorts of ideas that take on lives of their own.   This is the same side of fandom that "shippers" come from, being used to create fandom around the smallest "crumbs" of lore and canon suggestion.  The fanart community is also pretty adjacent to this space, and Firefly has spawned a *lot* of fanart considering her otherwise rather minor overall role.  If the canon story even in the patches ahead ends up leaving gaps in the development of Firefly's character, the fandom will no doubt fill it with their own extrapolations (and if they're smart, the writers will leave just enough crumbs to serve as the fuel) -- this is basically what happened with Furina, as you mentioned.  And yeah, for Firefly, the fact there's been this long wait until the confirmation of her banner gave people a lot of time to dream/speculate about how things might play out, which in turn built up the hype among those who were waiting.

So all this to say... in a weird way, the fact that she *didn't* get properly developed back in 2.0 (but they left lots crumbs for people to speculate on/extrapolate) is what has created the hype gap in the meantime.  We'll see if the developers can capitalize on this in 2.2+.
        I will take on the downvotes and the shitstorm but man I don’t even like firefly at all. Like I talked to her once and I found her bland and boring. I zoned out during her quest for sure. I dont understand how the mc is so heartbroken by her death and “betrayal”. Like bro we talked once I dont care about you at all 😭
        I actually really like her but it feels like everyone's like omg our girlfriends back were gonna hug and kiss and everything's happy!!!

ima guess peeps are gonna be sorely disappointed, our whole relationship was built on a lie. There was no romantic, fated encounter. Things will probs be pretty icy/conflicting.  Like even go back to the balcony, the interact dialogue changed in 2.1 to us feeling hurt and betrayed. Even if her feelings for us mightve been genuine (i think they were), her #1 goal was still to manipulate us from the start

I could be totally wrong but I really don't think it's gonna be just *yay our waifu is back!* At best its gonna be bittersweet like kafka
    Can't wrap my head around her popularity. Guess i'm too old for the trope "cute waifu take you in a date but she's lying on something"
        It's mostly because she made an emotional connection with the trailblazer in 2.0, and pair that with her being a mysterious stellaron hunter. I'm also in the neutral stance camp for the time being but it's not hard to see why she's so popular.
    The story made us to choose dialogues that would favour the direction it wants us to go into, rather than the usual broader choices dialogues give us. It's clear hoyo wants her to be waifu bait and it worked really well. Her death and subsequent 'sike' didn't have any impact imo, the only thing I like is her mecha design and potential as a DPS, and as an NPC she seemed like a chill friend at best, not "my wife of 30 years is back from war!!". Downvotes be upon ye though
    Don't feel upset, there's at least two of us
    Imo the role of the stelleron hunters is to further the role of the main cast rather than the role of a specific planet, so I don’t expect her to do much with penacony.
    Oh you a brave one

o7

(but same)
    Same i don’t get the hype around her like she’s cute but her character is just very cliche for me.. that and as you said she really hasn’t done all that much but maybe its just a case of the obvious waifu bait working lol since we go on a date with her and everything
    I 100% agree, i hate her writing and I’m begging hoyo to redeem it like they did Raiden in her second story quest
    I feel exactly the same but... robots are cool so i'm gonna pull
    I think that you could say a similar thing about vast majority of characters.

That said if we want to look at her impact on the story, then events that happen after "death" are mostly happen because of it, and it becomes harder to justify it happening if we removed Firefly from the story.

Like initially Trailblazer was mostly here to enjoy vacation, and maybe look for clues about lives of nameless that disembarked there, they don't really care about Watchmaker's Legacy, or secrets of Penacony. That only changes because of Firefly's "death". The reason why Trailblazer accepts to see Aventurine's "truth" is because they care about what happened, and wants to prevent it from happening again. And every thing that Astral Express crew does after that is a result of these (especially since AE gets commissioned to investigate Firefly's death). And few other characters figure out things based on the fact that she survived.

That said discussing whenever character is needed in a story is kinda hard, and might end up being pointless, when it is still ongoing, and it looks like she will be with TB at the start of 2.2, and probably remain a part of the Penacony story until the end. Also since she is a Stellaron Hunter we will probably see her again the next time they are story relevant (it won't be too long).
Twitter likes don’t translate to future views and sales. Yae Miko was exactly the same in Genshin.
Something tells me i'm gonna end up hating this character if we keep this shit up.
    Just ignore the fans that make you hate the character.
        I'll try my hardest.
            Yes. I did it with Kafka and JL. I love them for their gameplay, but the fandom just irks me. Will do the same for Firefly. Just can’t not pull mecha-girl.
    I'm already past it. Her fans really soured her character for me, unfortunately.
    https://preview.redd.it/80fq879mi7wc1.jpeg?width=828&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5dad3e3e8778aab988fd24c283028fc31368be6c

Im already at that stage, chief ;-;
    I’m almost there and I haven’t even met her yet.
    You shouldn't let random posts on internet influence you to like or dislike something tho. Love or hate something, you should decide for yourself. 
        I mean, the community experience can be a part of whether you find smth enjoyable, and that's not wrong.
    same 💀
    can someone please tell me what's wrong with this thread, am dumb and slow and I don't get it. from what I can tell, it's just that a lot of people like her and a lot don't care?...am I missing something? (I'm not at penacony and dint really simp for girls)
        she’s very polarizing because she’s pretty shameless waifu bait with little else going for her (as of now, fingers crossed). Either you love that or you hate it, very little in between.
            oh! I see. yeah I can get that then
        I don't understand your confusion.
            I just know nothing about firefly so I was a bit confused about the polarization. what I get for not doing penacony to understand the strong reactions, both positive and negative
                Well, you'll understand when you play, any explanation would be spoilerful. She's a central character of Penacony
    Well we will see how it goes lmao
    That's just being sensitive
this thread makes no sense
Firefly is genuinely the most overhyped character I've ever seen in a video game. 

Regardless of that, I'm happy for whoever wants her. 

I'll probably pull because Sam.
We will see...I am not that hyped over her or like her wierd dual identity

Let's see what 2.2 does with her reveal
Obligatory

https://preview.redd.it/04zel9cac7wc1.jpeg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=005d9fb01a0ccd127b63e1912c93d4a92ebfcf30
    https://preview.redd.it/xro1wlq1d7wc1.jpeg?width=482&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=98a3b9bf0c680342ad39f2d87d5fc7636e1ca089
Easy skip tbh.
The YouTube Shorts is very forgettable though.
I think that you're being incredibly hyperbolic 
    Mmh I guess so, at least when I make my assumption I can surely be hyperbolic. 

But the stars are here, Firefly is stupidly popular
Its all abt tht emotional manipulation

Shes a cool character but some ppl have a ummm "unnatural/unhealthy obssession" for her

I hope its just satire,cz it is quite concerning
    After Kafka's trailer people said they wanted to be the wall Kafka stepped against. 

People just love making fun of things to show they love things. 

And some people know people want Firefly content so they replicate
    That type of obsession exist for every character and that’s why I hate a large part of this community. 

It’s a mix of cringe and childish behavior.
One of the most overrated characters i have ever seen. Internet just gaslighted itself with this one, it seems.

And mind you, i am not hating on her, she is fine, but this much attention is questionable and kinda funny
    That's the power of waifubait characters. There's a reason why characters like Rem from Rezero are super popular despite being mid (though I definitely like Firefly a looot more than Rem).
    The ship baiting is stronk... The trailer alone with her getting a ship teasing with Caelus is just the beginning... Her being the same person as Sam is just a bonus...

Prior to her release, the self-insert shippers doesn't get much waifu ship tease other than maybe Kafka (but it's more of "mommy" dynamic), and every Caelus x Waifu ship are purely fanon... Then the Penacony trailer drops and those kind of fans really ate Firefly up

Yea, Firefly changed the MC shipping business and now has the monopoly for it, until hoyo decided to create another "canon girlfriend" type character
        Istg, people see a guy chara with girl and go talk about serious canon accusations of them being romantic couple. Things ive read here are just crazy sometimes xd
            Nah that's just shippers in general my friend. Remember how Acheron and Black Swan merely looked at each other and the fan base declared it Canon (before the trailers), same with Chloride and Navia in Genshin.
                I mean, I don't mind people shipping stuff, i do myself, but to lowkey say it's intended romantic or canon is vile lol
            Also funny that prior to Firefly, most peeps already settled of Stelle being the "canon TB" just like how Aether is in Genshin, due to how much of TB's troll and dumpster diving shenanigans fits her better than him... then things go 180 and now suddenly, Caelus became the more favored  TB because of Firefly alone
                Yeah. I already saw some comments about how Stelle and Firefly are like sisters while Caelus and Firefly are canon couple even though they are the same character 🤦‍♂️
                    It's even more annoying when it's mixed with "wholesome" messages. Like i remember this one guy who started with the whole "Stelle and Firefly look like cute sisters While Caelus and her are a cute couple!" with fricking heart emojis and stuff and when someone asked why Stelle and Firefly cannot be a couple they dropped that gooey stuff and started calling people "twitter freaks". They ripped that mask off like immediately.
                    imagine how they will react if either got siblingzoned...
                    People honestly really tell on themselves when they say that
                Lol true! And here i am just silently waiting for my Sunday, man...
        Maybe it was just me but there was quite a bit with March 7th early on since her and the TB were basically glued to the hip in Belobog.
            She left them when they got involved with Ten-Lords Commission and Ruan Mei tho
                More so that out of the Astral Express crew March is by far the closest to the TB, especially given how they share a single brain cell between them lol.
                    I just prefer the trio are together again... not just TB going on their own and collecting bitches
                        They need to let Dan Heng out the room, dudes a shut in at this point
                            Once Penacony is over, i hope our Cold Dragon Boi will be back in action
                            Wlell he haven't grab his break time yet since Xianzhou is his break time and he was dragged into it due to Blade. He deserves this break time
    I absolutely agree with you!

If you actually think about it, in the story itself she got like maybe 30 minutes screentime until her "death"

And yet everyone behaved like we had the deepest bond with her. We knew nothing about who she was or anythign at all, she basically just used us aswell. 

And yet everyone treats her like she has been there for years. 

Like, i would totally understand that whole reaction, if it was for March, for example.
        I didn't get that neither. I was always neutral towards her
            Same. I hope 2.2 or 2.3 will make me like the character, because so far idc much about her.
    Well, it is easy to hype up this fan base to begin with...
I'm just waiting for Sunday
New player here, what is a drip market? Is it like firefly having off white jordans on or something?
    Hoyoverse shows the character cards for 2.3 in english beforehand.
    https://preview.redd.it/vx93pbww59wc1.jpeg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d441d010c227010d36f65410c5d118da1199e6bf

Drip market, if I understood correctly, is like the first appearance of the character to announce they're being officially playable soon.

But the term "Drip" can be about "Marketing, but not a lot".

It's the very first step to make a character playable.
    Mihoyo reveals the next characters a patch before their release. This reveal is called drip marketing (coined by Mihoyo themselves).
It's the opposite for me, lol. The moment I found out who she was supposed to be made me disappointed.
Tbh I just feel indifferent, thats all. Firefly could be metabreaking Damage Dealer or Star Rail's Dehya, I would go about my day all the same.
I know what I expected haha, I expected her not to be Sam and Sam to be a bad ass robot guy like Svarog but just like with Svarog I was robbed hahahaha. Clara was in the way and now Firefly is U.U
    When Sam spammed us with emotes after she accidentally sent us something she shouldn't have, we could have expected it
I personally don’t understand the obsession, she doesn’t interest me at all.
Im still angry sam isnt just its own unit and firefly has been forced as a "good friend" after knowing her for just a few hours. I have 0 hopes for where her story goes lmao. I just hope they skip over her part
    I think I'm the only one here, but the revelation of Sam being Firefly kinda ruined Sam for me 😬
        same, i thought sam looked badass. im sure they did it for a silly reason like not having to make a new overworld skeleton for giant  sam's animations
        A fellow, disappointed, brother. 

I always hoped that they were 2 different characters or that Firefly was just a sort of hologram and not a real person. 

Also, I find Firefly design very bland.
Imagine if she's like dehya.

( It's a joke please don't kill me firefly mains)
    Dehya is pretty decent.

If you get her C2.
        Well according to the community it isn't

I personally like dehya tho
            Once I pulled her (I pulled straight C2 without signature on her banner), I effectively used her in overworld and abyss up until this patch (sadly, I had to choose which Furina team should go in and Gaming team won).
                I don't have her sadly and everytime I lose 50-50 I hope I it's dehya but she never came home
                    I got her every second lost 50/50 and this patch I finally got C6.
I wish my Dehyaluck will now come to you.
    I hope they don't kill you because it's not impossible lmao 

Just heard her ULT animation is more peak than Acheron lol
        Yeah the ult is like Acheron I heard. I was just thinking about the multipliers
I have no idea why players like her so much, her being sam was kinda obvious, plus we didn't really knew her that well and the whole TB x firefly felt rushed, but its HSR playerbase we're talking about, they're so easily manipulated by hoyo to spend money on the game so its kinda expected that they were so easily forced to like her
Well, this community absolutely adores mass murderers who happen to be nice to us.

Zero surprises here, just another day in the life of the Stellaron Hunters...
    God forbid people have hobbies.
[deleted]
    You didn't need to know Kafka, Sparkle and Acheron kit to get hyped
The hardest thing to pull off is going to integrate Sam. People (mainly on twitter suffering from brainrot) were angry when Topaz came out because of her limited time in animations, since Numby is the one attacking. 

Sam has been hyped since the stellaron hunter's picture came out, and Firefly is a beloved character in the story. So it will be interesting to see how they balance out the two identities in animations. 

It will also be interesting to see what kind of kit Firefly get, since the lightcones and the boss version of Sam hint to a hp consumer like Blade and Jingliu.
I was actually disappointed by the fact that she's sam. I had absolutely no interest in firefly as a character, the "date" with her was boring and her death scene was a meh moment at best. 

But her turning out to be sam kinda ruined sam for me.
i doubt she’ll disappoint cause the bar is already pretty low. i didn’t understand where all the hype came from tbh. to each of their own, but imo she’s a cutesy girl mc went on a date with for 20 min and suddenly they care so much abt her and she turned out to not just be a cutesy girl, but a cutesy girl in a mech suit! geeeeeee what an original troupe no one has ever seen before. if people loved all of that, then they’ll love whatever hoyo puts out.

realistically tho, she’s for sure gonna be good and gonna be made with a lot of budget and care. meta wise, not sure she’ll be acheron level tho cause hoyo loves their raidens.
    I can pretty much use your logic for every character. 

"i didn’t understand where all the hype for Acheron came from tbh. to each of their own, but imo she’s just an emo girl mc talked for less than 10 min and suddenly they care so much abt her and she turned out to not just be a emo girl, but a emo girl that can erase you in 1 hit! geeeeeee what an original troupe no one has ever seen before. if people loved all of that, then they’ll love whatever hoyo puts"

Gotcha!
This is a genuine question, but why is she so popular? Is it her kit or the Mecha suit or do a lot of people just like the date you go on with her? I feel like I'm missing something.
    On one hand, she is the last Stellaron Hunter that we haven't properly encountered yet before Penacony. 

On another, she was presented with TB to be very close in the two first updates, like with no other characters before:

We can see the difference of treatment between Trailblazer Silverwolf (Gaming partner, sometimes she helps us out), Kafka (Somehow a motherly figure that teaches us things about fate, looks after us from afar and encourages us to keep moving forward) and Firefly (Something... Different?) 

It is not necessarily lover, but in the game, both the dialogues being way more open to different paths (being cold to her or lovey) and how we are seen with her makes it feel like we are close to her, coupled with her death that was supposed to be a shock.

And her health condition is... Not the best. She has Entropy Loss Syndrome and probably the armor Sam is the only thing keeping her alive, and she could both follow Elio's script and try to get the Watchmaker's legacy, without talking about all the consequences there could be in the future now she's here. 

Long story short: she's loveable/made to be loved at some points, she has lots of lore importance.
        Elio is the last Stellaron Hunter we haven't encountered yet, not Firefly.
        Ok that actually makes a lot more sense and makes me want to go back and rewatch some scenes. Thank you very much for the explanation!
So you’re doom posting is what i’m gathering from this, and that if she’s ‘mid’ it will tank the player base and remove goodwill that has been slowly gained over the year

What does she cannot disappoint mean exactly? That if she doesn’t make as much as seele the game’s budget will get slashed? That if she’s not the quickest to hit 3 million views on her pv there won’t be offline events for 6 months? That if she doesn’t zero cycle harder than acheron then she should go into the standard banner like dehya?

We don’t even have her leaked kit and there’s already doom posting
    Well... We got her leaked kit from what I've heard. 

And when so much hype is built around something it's never sure what happens, but if they succeed, it's obvious what will happen 

It's not like the first 5 stars that were here to settle the decor
It is actually nice when the game has it's own hyped characters, not just some expy from other games and the upcoming characters anticipation go down from there.
Her story is already mid so far so I don't think the expectations are high at all. The main reason people liked her is because of a 5 second date and her dying (tearjerker moment). People will be satisfied as long as we make up with Firefly. I think they'd only be mad if she betrays us.

Pretty sure Acheron had way more marketing behind her, she got like 3 videos dedicated to her alone.
    Yup, those videos were released around 1 months before her release

We still have to wait around 2 months for Firefly so you never know, without talking about the focus she had in the two first updates
    Acheron is a Mihoyo staple waifu. She was always going to get all the attention.
She disappointed me and was ruined for me in 2.1 already. Finding out she's Sam made me lose all interest in her
I don't know if you play Genshin, so I'll tell this story for those who don't:

In Sumeru (Genshin's fourth region) there's been a character that people have been looking forward to getting because we loved her since then, that was Dehya. She's not even close to be the same character as Firefly, but the love people feel for her is more or less the same.

Anyway, the updates passed and people where asking for her, her participation in the main story was great, many primogems where saved, and finally she was announced, from what was been leaked her first kit was not the best but it was good regardless (absorbes dmg for the allies while also deal dmg and is meant to ult for a burst of dmg that gets better if she receives damage while having her signature weapon and artifact set). After that they nerfed and nerfed her to the point that she could barely do her job as a damage absorber (BTW she's still almost inmortal in that regard), why? No one knows, maybe because she was the same skin color than every other character that they treated like this, that's the only "logical" reason I can think of.

When she was announced in the live stream it was so God damn awful it's impossible anyone who was involved did it with a straight face, literally the only good thing about her was the animations. Her trailers where very good tho, in one she was saving an orphan kid and using nearly all her founds to secure his safety, which lead to 2 money gatherings for the same purpose, one in China itself, the place where brown characters can't have shit.

Regardless of every evil Genshin devs done to her gameplay wise people love her (I'm one of them) and that's my point, Firefly will be loved regardless of what they do to her, she already won everyone's heart
    I heard about it recently, and I'll also love her anyway, but regarding the comments I'm not so sure that everyone thinks the same lol
Cute girls can do anything!

- Pink Jesus
    https://preview.redd.it/9ytoy7u8k8wc1.png?width=1286&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2b951dd14d9cbac97e2c653489b9fe2cf17cb9ca

Still waiting for a Furina Firefly Elysia Fanart as they are my fav girl from each most recent Mihoyo games
I have made no secret I don't like Firefly. I don't think any of her story or characterization has been handled well, particularly in compared to how well most of Penacony has been handled, but if people like her that's cool too. I was hyped for Kafka and she didn't disappoint, Aventurine also had a surprising amount of hype and energy coming right after probably the most wanted character in the game and he delivered. Sure they can't keep the hype up indefinitely but it doesn't mean firefly wont deliver. As long as people don't lose their minds if she isn't the most op character of all time I suspect there won't be a backlash to firefly. 

With only 2 patches of main story left, if I remember what they said in the 2.0 special, I don't know if they have time to give us enough time with Robin to like her, give us enough time with boothill to like him, get to the point with Acheron's story, get to the point with the legacy, get to the point with the murder, get to the point with the Annilation gang, get to the point with Sparkle, do Firefly's story, and deal with bringing up the trailblazers identity again.

  
Its a tough ask assuming each patch is around 6 hours of story to catch all the balls in the air and I do think people need to have realistic expectations its unlikely they are going to be able to pull an Aventurine and Acheron on every single plot point. I suspect if any balls get dropped it will trailblazer id (got to keep the mystery alive), Boothill, and Robin. I think this next patch being two characters who have had 3 or 4 lines a piece is a sign that's where the ball is going to be dropped, because this patch either needs to be all about them which seems unlikely going with where we are in the story, or they are going to drop and people are only going to pull based on aesthetic and meta. Frankly I don't know if in the meta there is a big market for yet another support after so many have been released who already compete for bench space, and a hunt unit with all the problems that entails.    

  
Also depends on who the second 5 star on that patch is. Who is left in penacony that might be playable that hasn't been announced, maybe Sunday, Jade, Siobhan, and >!Constance.!< I don't think Sunday will move the needle too much but Jade might. I am fairly sure if both Firefly and Jade were on the same patch cycle it would move some hype from Firefly to Jade and lower the bar for her, only so many resources for the average player. Siobhan seems like if she is playable she will be a 4 star and the other is a dark horse to appear.
Mihoyo doesn’t owe us shit. Why would they have to make her banger OP just because people love her? 


Remember dehya???
If she's not using the suit at all time during combat I'll be disappointed
Whoa man. You NEED to tag this as spoiler
    Already spoiled by Mihoyo tho?
Her story and presentation were quite weak in 2.0, but thankfully they didn't try to pretend she was still dead in the current patch so I'm hoping there will be some decent writing to sell her as something more than a bag of sad cute girl flags. Her being a kamen rider definitely makes her a bit more interesting to me. Hopefully MHY isn't going to make her just a different flavour of bland than 2.0 because I like Sam's design.
That's a lot of words just to say that Hoyo will make her Dehya 2.0 because it'll be funny
>She Cannot disappoint. Her gameplay, the conclusion of her story, and her trailer all have to be absolute bangers.

That's the concern I have.  If FIrefly is going to be a state-change DPS, she's competing with Jiingliu.  If she's an HP-based DPS, then she's competing with Blade.  She needs a niche if she's not going to powercreep (or underperform) existing limited 5 stars.

Acheron did something kind of similar, which I didn't like.  She plays like a Hunt or Erudition character, but was assigned Nihility for...reasons.  And because of that choice, she has a unique niche but at the cost of Lightcone relevancy and team compositions.

But since we already know Firefly shares Destruction with Blade and Jingliu, they can't go that route.  So I'm concerned we're going to see straight-up powercreep, and that's a really bad thing.
Her kit is pretty niche and unless they give her skills absolutely broken modifiers, her kit has zero chance of being competitive with Acheron who mechanically can oongaboonga 99% of the current content, which is going to disappoint a lot of simps — far more than the percentage of simps who expect Sam to be a their husbando or father back with milk.
Haven’t been paying attention to the drip marketing. Did hers break a record for getting the most likes in a timeframe or something?
    She kinda became the most popular post of Honkai star rail in Japan, obliterating every other posts within 6 hours lol 

Tbh I think it's partly due to "leaks". 

If developers don't want leaks I won't say it's good. However, it is not always a bad thing to give people an idea of what's about to happen. 

And before I saw her in 2.1, I just believed she would be here, so I had expectations. 

I think "controlled leaks" can be good to gather the hype more and more until people get crazy and it goes like this
The real question is what happens to the Sam mains reddit and the Firefly reddit.
Eh, I'm not into her but it's nice other people are. Hopefully they'll put out a husbando after firefly so I can have something to save towards
It’s already solidified my likelihood of skipping Robin, which I blew my load on E1 Aventurine.. I’ve got so many Harmony units at this point though and my main team is Kafka/BS/Acheron/Aventurine or Fu Xuan so there’s basically no room for Harmony there.

I honestly wish they’d up the difficulty and let us do another character.

It’s a bummer having so many characters and only being able to play with 4 at a time, really, except for here or there if I’m exploiting weaknesses or something.
This will be the first destruction character i skip
Sorry, I like her, but I can't help it with either too popular characters or too unpopular.

Silverwolf will probably be the only stellaron hunter on the account. NOT AN AIRPLANE TO ANNOUNCE MY DEPARTURE IK, AND I CAN PULL AN MTASHED.

I'm just waiting for march 7 new version
Judging by the comments, it's a very bad day for the firefly haters cuz everyone that likes her is celebrating lmao.
    I'm sipping tea
    Laughing to see them seething in this post. Always happen when a hyped character gets announced. Happened with Kafka, Ruan Mei, Acheron, Aventurine, Topaz and most recently Sparkle.

Liking a character more than other is totally fine,but actively being a hater with a fictional character is lame as hell. And not to mention the "im different" people who don't like the thing that's being hyped at the moment. There are always several of these.
        Most people have a reason. Her story was rushed and felt a tad bit too forced and that’s why most people haven’t warmed up to her
            Dont get me wrong thats 100% a valid reason, im talking about people actively HATING the character just because people liked her on 2.0 and are hyped for her, so they get angry at seeing her being relevant (something that happens everytime theres is a drip marketing)

Today we will get the second 2.3 character, and there will be people doing the same.
                That's understandable. It is a real issue and happens way more than it should
            The people that havent warmed up to her are not ""most"", they are the minority
                There are a lot of people who haven't warmed up to here wdym 💀 the people who have are just more loud, but mostly everyone agrees that we were forced to like her and that her story was rushed. It's why I had hoped in 2.2 we'd get her PoV and more focus on her to flesh her out, but from leaks >!It is clear we are not getting that. It's hard to care for a character you barely know!<
I disagree that "she cannot disappoint." Look at Dehya from Genshin. Hoyoverse knew how hyped she was, and they still decided to give her one of the worst kits ever.
Trailer views doesn't mean much tbh. It doesn't mean popularity. Sparkle's was so popular aside from banger theme was mainly cause it was genuinely different, more mature and it was heavily advertised (at least for me).

Another reason her drip is so popular cause of Sam. Unless if I am not aware, I don't think hoyo has ever given a female character with masculine mech form? Even if they have, its not in a very popular hoyo game like Genshin or HSR
Genuine question, what does everyone see in firefly? Just wanna know why y’all like her cause I ngl found her boring  until she got revealed as Sam
    You are far from the only person who started their comment by "Genuine question but why do people like Firefly", so I'll quickly summarize and advice you to check other comments, sorry if I sound rough ;_; 

First she's the last Stellaron Hunter, if she survives Penacony, we have the crew ready to face Astral Express anytime if they don't work together. 

The romance between TB and Firefly may be forced for some that didn't want to have this for 75% of two updates, but Firefly seems to care about us as well, and we care about her too (depending on your choices). 

Also she's probably about to die because eof her Entropy Loss Syndrome. And she has ages of history since her kind fought the swarm
I mean I like her well enough but I don't care about her /that/ much... As a character.


As potentially the first actually good broad spectrum (since Topaz works best in FUA teams and is single target to boot) Fire DPS? Yeah, I need her badly.
The only thing that concerns me is that she's Destruction. They're gonna be encouraged to make her a banger just to avoid backlash. So she's instantly gonna have to be better than or competitive with Jingliu, Blade, Horny Dan, and Clara.

Fortunately none of these characters are Fire, so they at least don't have to worry about that since Fire is honestly in desperate need of damage output (their best raw damage dealer is *Himeko*. Everyone else is a support or 4 star. Even Topaz somehow manages to be a support despite being The Hunt).

But she will either power creep the "Destruction Trio," or will be made so comparable to them that people will be shrieking and hollering for years about who's better.

From a straightforward standpoint, the former is the most obvious solution. But from a marketing standpoint, you actually want the latter so people are engaging the topic and talking about it.
    Yeah I totally forgot Blade as a destruction character lmao but yeah, I don't think I actually have any fire DPS now that I think about it... 

The closer I have to that is Indeed Himeko or TB with his good weakness damage. 

That'll make a fine addition to my collection anyway
Hm am I the only one that got this Dehya release vibes from this post? Her Element matches...
    My friend talked to me about it haha, well I hope it won't be the case, Mihoyo seems to be aware they can't do a Dehya
        I mean, Dehya was hyped about as much as Firefly
        After being with Mihoyo now for 3+ years, I have another opinion, but they didn't do such stunts in HSR. So i guess we are at least "safe".
Honestly, HSR devs always puts lot of effort, even in the characters, which aren’t their biggest priority. All of the limited 5* units are truly great in their own way.

So, I have no doubt they may go even beyond with Firefly kit and animations and we’ll get another unit on Acheron level in that matter. 

She already was one of the most popular characters in this game, even before her drip marketing, so there’s no way Hoyo now will drop the ball, especially when considering how unique concept for the whole Firefly/Sam character is.
    Well the reaction if they drop the ball is unpredictable. 

However, there is no doubt what will happen if they succeed. 

So I guess they know what to do
        Eh, we’ve seen this happen before - the likely reactions are pretty predictable. Folks will be mad, the subreddits will be full of complaint threads and cope, and after a week or two things calm down and life goes on.

We saw it with Dehya, we saw it with Jing Yuan (back when he was mid) etc

The only time things didn’t follow the usual pattern was with Zhongli, and that was because nationalism came into play. There’s no nationalistic element with Firefly, so that’s not going to be a factor here
            I won't talk for Dehya but for Jing Yuan I didn't remember his marketing to be as huge as Firefly? 

Well... He got an animated video... Not bad at all haha, but Xianzhou luofu is still the least liked world of star rail so it might explain as well
Sure alot of people like her including me but There's also people that disappointed that SAM is not some masculine dude or something and i understand. But for me when i first saw SAM i just like yeah he's so cool. But knowing that Sam is firefly it's so memeable it's pretty cool and hilarious at the same time makes me like SAM more then i used to. If it's just some unknown dude inside the suit i might skip since i don't need more dps lol. So whatever happened now i just can't wait what hoyo trying to cooked!!

https://preview.redd.it/bdfk0otws7wc1.gif?width=300&format=png8&s=bc4af9d3e476ac01280f2227c1ce57af3f5c1712
    [You remember Sam spamming emotes with Blades phone? ](https://youtu.be/EIY4-NRhxLw?si=2_lz0unz6yONoYdG)
        I have no idea about this one since I don't have blade. Or i might just missed it out. Even a rumors about SAM firefly i didn't know about that until 2.1 story. I might be blessed from all the spoiled
I never really cared for her to begin with.
It was obvious as hell that she's some kind of wolf in sheep's clothing. I mean, show her in 3 locations and then kill her to give trailblazer some MoTiVaTiOn? The fact about that quantum something is sad, but overall? She did to the people the same thing she did to trailblazer - a girl with sad destiny became a great martyr, like that one manhwa main character girl who showed ONE act of kindness and mc is head over heels for her.
So yeah. I just don't get why did he got THAT much hype for.
Shes a fan favourite after all.Even if she has a meh kit she Will always be loved.

But what hoyo should do is creating a kit that they can be proud of.She doesnt needs to be broken.
    I don't know about that if she's mid, I think it's impossible to predict what will happen if she's mid 

But if she's top, there's no doubt about it
I just hope she has to stay in the robot suit in reality.

I hope the suit is what keeps her alive despite her syndrom

Because otherwise its "I only have this trait for sympathy points!" and I fucking hate that.

If she has to stay in the suit in reality, it would also automatically make the time we spend with her in the dream world mean SO MUCH MORE.

I also hope that Firefly enjoys roleplaying as Sam. Let it be a "Im in a shitty situation, but at least I have this mech suit and Im a mech geek" thing.

She could easily be one of the best characters theyve made. But they could also just jump the gun and give us our 36th cute anime girl we're meant to feel sympathy for.
https://preview.redd.it/ilhi7klf39wc1.jpeg?width=960&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c44e21ce8d091d8611a1eb8b2c004c4f1e4029f5
I mean, I hope she's good? Being destruction she def can go either way sure, but she's a popular character from a popular group. I'm more curious what type of damage she does so I know what kind of team she wants.
    Yeahhh kinda still scared about her being destruction. Who else is a good destruction beside Jing Liu and DHIL?

Wish it will be the third good destruction.

Edit: I forgot Blade

https://preview.redd.it/dxy9oh7af8wc1.jpeg?width=1170&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=069b0b25a90d41a8ae423dcd2d07319aa246349c
Am i the only one who's not really excited for Firefly but rather just want to play Sam? I mean i want Sam but without her.
This feels like a post just to make a post.
    You can think of it that way, I just wanted to share my thoughts. 

And it kinda makes me feel funny that when I make an essay about how Acheron's purpose is to remember and become the new Aeon, it gets 50 upvotes but when I say Firefly gotta be great, I get 800 upvotes lmao
They made a likable version of Samus interest for Maleblazer.

They knew what they were doing to Metroid fans.
I see that they planned this right as penacony is being planned.

It's no coincidence the intended shock and result is suppose to get her highly focused on as a character.

All the best for those that are interested in her lore.
Cutegirl + Kamen Rider = Every man's dream
Honestly, I couldn't care less. Perhaps I'd have an opinion if this were a character I even marginally enjoyed, but at this point nothing can save her for me so I'm happily in my corner, not giving a damn.
it's very simple. there are a lot of stupid folk.
I mean her kit was leaked several weeks ago already. Anyone curious can go and see
I just like sam
I think HYV probably knew Firefly would be popular (you can't make her the focal point of 2.0, give her a tragic backstory and NOT expect that) but agree that her being THIS popular most likely blew them away. After what they did with Aventurine I'm hoping they'll do her justice in 2.2 - Aventurine went from almost no development to their best written character; Firefly had a lot of build-up then a massive bait-and-switch, screwing that up would be catastrophic (and a little impressive, to be fair).
Eli5 what drip market is?
    Hoyoverse releases the character cards for 2.3 in English beforehand.
Destruction chars always good
So long as her animations are on point people will be happy. I mean this is star rail where main dpses get powercrept every 2 patches so she'll probably be insane in that department as well
Honestly wish I had the energy to get hyped up for a lot of characters the way the fandom does. I understand the hype though, I’m happy for those fans.

For me, world building gets me the most hyped out of anything in these hoyo games. I literally had a crazy excitement hype for celestia turning into a 3D model in genshin 3.0.
I thought she was cool but I didn’t think so many people liked her
I mean you say that but people were ultra hyped about Dehya's design in Genshin and she's bottom tier.

I mean I doubt it'll be that bad.  I hope she'll be great, but overall they've been pretty good about showing some restraint and not going too hard on power creep.

Content creators have been using that term way too liberally for a while now.  Acheron?  Solid damage dealer, nothing mind blowing, just really good and top tier.  Aventurine?  Solid tank with neat synergy, but he isn't some "sub dps god" who "totally changes the way you play".  Etc.

Honestly I like Firefly but not in the "omg I wept openly" crowd.  I guess her design and story just haven't grabbed me in particular.  But then neither did Aventurine until 2.1, so we'll see.
>this might be frightening for Mihoyo

I too am afraid of gigantic bags of money falling on me and smothering me to death

I am Hoyo
Am I weird to want her for Mecha SAM?
I'm just hoping this doesn't turn into a Dehya situation.
Never underestimate powerbof simping after one date.
I wait for Constance and Jade 👀🤌
I want her to fail ....I am just a transformers fan and i wanted sam some kind of megatron😔now all i can do is wait for screwllum
bro didn't even mention black swan in his paragraphs
I don't think people care so much about her kit.  I mean, if her kit sucks, sure people will be upset, but she didn't rise to prominence because people want or expect her to be a meta defining character.
I mean it’s due to a few reasons but I think it’s mostly due to the main story to be honest.
I think she's very hyped because nobody expected a cute girl to be a stellaron hunter under a mecha body using a male voice...? I think this made her a lot interesting and the gap moe...

I planned to pull her since I like her and honestly I wasn't interested in Sam but now that I know they are the same person I'm looking very forward for her banner!
You're really making a lot of bold statements on hoyo and stuff there op


It ain't all that deep and serious 
She needs to become MCs girlfriend... or sister? Would that be weird at this point? I don't remember any sexual tensions between them.
Stupid question: what’s a drip market? 😅
The biggest issue for me so far starting today is that I got some info about her spoiled against my will. I haven't gotten through XxLoufu yet, but I saw people talk about ShSam possibly being playable, and I knew I wanted to pull for him. I've been anticipating it while I catch up in the story, to the point my Sig.Other can't tell me about Penacony because I don't want spoilers. I obviously know a bit about what happens to FF and that there was some connection with ShSam, but absolutely no specifics. 

>! Then I got on Youtube and got a post about FF, a girl in a mech suit. Completely unhidden. >:( !<

I'm still hyped, though, possibly more so after I reach Penacony.
Already the most wildly overrated character in the entire game.
I dont get the hype for her tbh
I still am loyal to Hook.
Why does it matter?
Meanwhile I'm just really hyped for boothill.
So alot of people just dont like her now cus she got the most likes for her drip marketing apparently
nah i'd skip her,robin,and boothill for caterina,kafka lc rerun,and probably jade
I’m just here waiting for Boothill 🤠
Wish she wasn't going to be a mech half the time tbh, but that's just me. I don't like mecha.
Can't find a single reason people are so infatuated with her. Her really dying would've made her more memorable to me. She's just so boring?
I am sure that I am getting shitload of downvotes but since you have asked… 

I personally have zero feeling about this character. She pops out from nowhere, “dated” you for how long? An hour or 2? Then hist “disappeared.” 

People seem crying as if they have lost something very important to them in that scene but I was like WTF is this? Should I even show a sad face about this whole situation? I mean, if I lost March here, I am sure I am gonna be very emotional but not Firefly.

I still cannot understand the hype. Well I guess thats just me. :P
If they don't go some romance route with her people are gonna be pisssseeddd.
Gameplay-wise even if she's "mid" people will still drop bank for her if she's well-written and well-promoted enough. Take a look at Kafka; she has her own niche and even called "mid" by some yet she continues to be one of the most popular characters. 

All in all in comes down to her writing. Waifus sell but well-written characters sell better (look at Aventurine). Heck Hoyo have been pushing the TB×FF agenda since 2.0 trust me they will NOT let girl flop.
    I still find it hard to believe Kafka is mid when dot team is the most popular team with mono quantum, Jing Liu and Acheron lmao
        Yeah it boggles my mind the way some people decide what is "mid" lol
I’m just gonna be the guy sitting quietly by myself and see everything happen 😆😅

Way too much for me…
I think the bigger problem is in the game's balancing lately. They've kinda been escalating a lot, and that's going to lead to a problem because Firefly is going to have a really high bar set for her. She's going to have to have the best damage in the game, or she'll be disappointing.
    That's funny because everyone is thinking something totally different, so I guess we will see how it goes
Firefly is legit star rail Samus. I think that's pretty hype.
Despite both of em needs more writing and screen time, I'm sure both Firefly and Kafka would have their own wiki because they are currently the face of Honkai Star Rail due to their massive well known popularity like Raiden Shogun from Genshin for example.

Some software developer really known Kafka because of her popularity, then there's Firefly due to her huge impact to those fat self insert bastards (could be you) which she become the "Girlfriend" of those 2 raccoons, then cosplays at her for good or roleplay things, then their pixiv & r34 fanarts are on huge margins.
> She Cannot disappoint. Her gameplay, the conclusion of her story, and her trailer all have to be absolute bangers.

Somehow I think it'll be fine. Gameplay, idk what to expect. Story, I hear Shaoji is renowned for good writing and I like her writing so far. As for her trailers... None of the Penacony trailers have missed a single beat yet. And with a nuanced yet terrifying character like Firefly... Yeah, they're not going to miss. 

I think the hype is perfectly warranted this time around. First we had a lot of people asking for her, and for Sam. Then we had a lot of people sad that she was dead. Then we had the reveal that they're not only alive, but the same person. And well... It has boiled over in excitement. Hoyo knew what they were cooking, and if those trailers aren't gonna show the terrifying Sam obliterating things, and Firefly struggling through the rest of life... Well... I'll eat a hat.
    Shaoji and another woman that wrote the stories of Honkai impact... Yeah, we can trust them. They brought us Elysia.
Acheron was expected to be strong that's why. Me and my buddies really was expecting it to be Sam for 2.3 and not Firefly. We jumped out of our seats literally when we saw the splashart.
I dont care if she is good or not gameplay wise, im still rolling for her
In terms of character expectations I would say similar to Navia from genshin but a level higher, I think they're kind of similar especially the role in the story. The only thing is that there were things holding Navia back like being Geo but that's not a problem in HSR, and Firefly is also part of the Stellaron Hunters so that's a bonus. I think she can only ever do better than Navia did but I would say the expectations should be tempered to be around the same as hers and not on the same level as Acheron and Arlecchino. That's unless they plan on making Firefly absolutely powercreep Jingliu which would be insane.

Navia and Firefly also have similar banner timings, Navia being 4.3 after the end of the main story. Supposedly Penacony will end at 2.2 and 2.3 will just be conclusion stuff like in Luofu, that's part of the reason why I was so surprised she wasn't drip marketed for 2.2. But hey at least there are still main quests on her patch unlike Navia so that's another aspect Firefly is better off than her.
This is all thanks to firefly’s money that we spent… the cake shop is actually hoyoverse’s HQ
Let them cook
I'm probably the only one that doesn't really care about her and is more interested in discovering who is going to be revealed tomorrow.
    Well don't take it personally but I've barely never seen so much hate about her, or people saying "idc about her" before making this post lmao, you can check the comments. 

So... No, you're far from the only one. 

I don't know if it is a majority or a loud minority thou
Considering how much they put into making us like her, making her such a big part of the Penacony story, I suppose this is their plan succeeding. Perhaps beyond their expectations, but probably not a complete surprise.

Besides March 3rd, I don’t think there’s *any* characters they’ve pushed this hard. Her kit better be *excellent*.
to be fair it's likely also because people have been waiting for her banner since quite a long time now.

There are plenty of people who already waiting for her even before 2.0 based on leaks alone. After the patch dropped and people were officially introduced to her character, even more and more people likes her and she easily become one of the most anticipated banner.

Not to mention that people were really expecting her to drop back in 2.2, and got totally bamboozled. Them exploding with joy when she finally got announced is an expected outcome.

As for her gameplay and stuff, yeah considering the hype it would be great if hoyo can deliver, since people were really hungry about crumbs related to her lol.
Wake me up when she gets back in the robot
im kinda sad not many people are excited for her.. although I have seen her WIP kit which I guess gives a slight advantage

even still thoughhh

its a destruction character

they're bound to be good right?
    I don't know if it is people not being as excited for her or a loud minority, 

As long as I keep getting Fanarts of her I won't mind
Do not underestimate the otaku's feelings of instant companionship with fictional characters. I knew the moment I played the story, she was designed to appeal to a certain large demographic of waifu enjoyers.

This isn't a dig at people that like Firefly; I also like her.
I think you're overthinking this. Might be just me though. They're a multi-billion dollar company. It's almost impossible for them to lose anything.
    At least that's what I "hope" for them.
https://preview.redd.it/6jqkky3lj8wc1.jpeg?width=1316&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=818eafb2eed6ebb94e665fad173374c6e4663f83
Honestly, I'll be satisfied as long as she's a mech in combat, and not a weak sickly girl fighting with Sam just spawning in for an attack or ult
Ngl... im kinda bored of the game after getting archeron and her light cone. Like adventurine seems... okay? Maybe because i have huohuo and fu?

Im now scared that no character will get me hyped anymore really
    Penacony is still not over, and what matters is the story anyway. And the story, ignoring some part of Xianzhou luofu, was always great
I'm sure she won't disappoint but reading other player's opinion about her reputation is not a concern for me, especially in a mine field message board like Twitter, Tiktok, etc.  

As sad as it sounds, there are way too many chronically ill people that will say things to disrupt your views just because there's no consequences to do that on the internet.  

In other words, I couldn't give a damn what those people think.  

I just join in small communities closer to my age group where their words have more value than places like here.  

I'm sure if I search deep into the internet, I will find fandoms and shippers alike that will risk their livelihood to defend what they love over a fictional character. And I honestly don't want to see that since I know I'm a better person than that and I am happy with my life.  

I guess to put it simply, there's no need to go deep into this "Firefly" effect and just be a normal consumer towards Hoyo and enjoy what they have to offer.
    Tbh I try to look at everything since sometimes I see good things, and I just wanted to share the records Firefly broke within 6 hours haha 

And even people trashtalking her for attentions or because they actually don't like her, sometimes they say things that are interesting. Are they a majority or a loud minority is another matter
I think part of the reason has to be the Trailblazer

A lot of players are fond of the MC even if they don't main them or think of them as their fav character

The MC is actually very loved by the community and the connection with Firefly and the scenes they share together definitely hit for a lot of people

Not to mention MECHA WAIFU SENTAI ABSOLUTE UNIT! AAAAANDDD SHE'S FIREEEEE
to be fair she is really the only character we spent a ton of time w/ prior to getting her.  


kafka, sparkle, etc we had little time w/ before they got banners....so ppl got attached and thus hype for em.

&#x200B;

The trailer like kafka & sparkle is not really the characters hype....its how banging the thing is.  


Once ppl start talking about an amazing video even those not into HSR will watch it.

&#x200B;

Sparkles & kafkas can be appreciated greatly w/o knowing anything about HSR as they are just really good videos.
Um...then why was everyone in insta comments barking and kneeling for Sunday??? 80% of comments were asking for Sunday...
while I will not take away from the joy other people have for her, I honestly can not wait till we move on to whoever the next big wafiu or husbondo will be. I did not find her that great to begin with, and for other story reasons I am tired of characters like her.
    also I feel she and her fans have taken away from SAM.
They gave Acheron busted numbers, interesting mechanics and gorgeous animation. They've proven they can keep doing doing this, and Firefly will be no different I'm sure
    Someone mentioned that Firefly ult animation being greater than Acheron
This is much expected of a forced Trailblazer x Firefly ship tbf. Anything distantly like the stereotypical anime waifu gets overhyped anyway.
Too bad I'm of the few who hate her.
https://preview.redd.it/wnsqk7k50awc1.jpeg?width=320&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8e28180a5693c0c2563e28a22b330f7eb6ca3b76
    https://preview.redd.it/m1m0t4j98awc1.jpeg?width=482&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6171ccdb65222f2d92f85fd8313919972bd909b4
I freaking love mechs and cute anime girls. This is perfect
Me being a dreamer; I'd love for her to have 2 ultimates. Firefly uses her ultimate, transforms her into Sam. Sam uses earth devastation, AOE fire damage and the suit has to go on cooldown --> de-transforms into Firefly. 

Either way, I think she'll be a hit regardless. She hits all niches, mech-fans (Sam), Kamen Rider fans (Sams design), and firefly fans.
[deleted]
Doesn't matter if she will be as clunky as Dehya, I will pull for her regardless.
It was obvious. Is the most anticipated playable character that we saw several updates before Penaconny. The problem is that peopme just got carried away with Black Swan, Sparkle and Acheron. But now Sam appeared again and make everyone remember about the Stellaron Hunter who took part in your best hype train

Since Sam was shown in that Kafka trailer everyone was losing their minds for him, having its own fan base

Even before Penaconny there were leaks already about some unknown girl being him

Them we meet her in Penaconny, as that female character with a sad history and kind personality that everyone loves

And then Sam appeared in a boss fight showing us real power, cool movements with cool names... And a fucking ultimate in which he was falling like a meteor from the sky

And that isn't even its final form

How can't anyone do not expect him to break the social media and the game itself after this? And i say him because Sam was initially the real deal but with Firefly it's just a double win
We will wait for banner sales report. 😌
Because Baizhu is a precedence that fam favourite and waiting doesn’t mean sales at the end.
    Baizhu was never a fan favourite -and I am someone who loved him since he showed up in 1.0. His subreddit was comparable to xinyan's...and she is nowhere near a favourite. 

Even compared to Scaramouche, who had a similar situation, there was an abyss between the two in term of popualrity. And Scaramouche himself, while having a very dedicated fan base (also part of that since he showed up), also had a looot of haters due to being a Harbinger.



Meanwhile the hsr fandom is obssessed with Firefly.
    Baizhu was never a fan favorite, TF you talking about?
https://preview.redd.it/5r673cmr18wc1.jpeg?width=960&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c6e02ad2d5b81c4f538798abbd89341af3a677de

Thank you! Made a new homekey for it!
    The fact original logo is still there. Bro really saw the "March or Firefly" and went "Both"

Respect
    How do you do that?
        There’s a shortcut app in iOS.
            Name?
                shortcut
                    Oh, just like that, I'll check it out
    Answer your texts please
    If you're a guy with 429 texts then holy shit
FIREFLY, HOW DID YOU BECOME THE MASCOT FOR THE HIT HOYOVERSE GAME HONKAI STAR RAIL FIREFLY? WHAT DID YOU DO TO MARCH FIREFLY?? FIREFLYYYYYYYYYYY
    https://preview.redd.it/zjetypkug8wc1.jpeg?width=1124&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=07737632bdf02d298a70c13794f8f762322589ad
        Someone needs to make an og firefly meme, seeing this nasty AI one always scares me a bit. Kinda like a jump scare
            Didn't know this was AI till now. The hands didn't even look *that* wierd.
                I'm telling you bruh, I got that spider sense for AI stuff. Shit creeps me out. Look at the clothes too, she doesn't wear that. It's creepy lookin'
    The power of being the girlfriend.

https://preview.redd.it/jpsxs1ut48wc1.jpeg?width=792&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=dea1565ce20a04de067d09b5d164c033764b4655
        Source ? What the f 💀
            I tried reverse image searching but couldn’t find the og artist but the image itself is based of a Jujutsu Kaisen scene
                Based on the part of the opening where >!Toji overtook the medium!<, which happens after Choso has a breakdown about his true brahza.
                    The medium? You mean >!a domain expansion!<? 

And I mean technically it happened after the breakdown, lol, it also happens after the Nanamin thirst shot where he beat the crap outta the dude with the handsword.
                        In the opening
            It’s a redraw of the frame where Toji from JJK enters Dagon’s beach episode before molest him with his long thick rod
    remember that time when Sparkle thought Firefly was March? lol
    Oh, Miss March! Don’t you remember me? After all the favors I did for you all in Belobog?
    https://preview.redd.it/hu1ec2l1i8wc1.jpeg?width=382&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8ca2487e9824d660ae09c090b1393407e2145ae3
    *Processing img ueb55t68z7wc1...*

Trapped her with one of those traps.

In marchs case it was a new camera.
        If you know march you know that Firefly just put a pitcher of juice
    March is probably crying in the corner
    This just makes me excited for what they’ll cook for March when it’s her turn in the spotlight.
    We have made it. March 9th
https://preview.redd.it/uqb5yxdww8wc1.jpeg?width=1170&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1cf14f11ac57d72f75179ef823715dcbc0a6ac39
https://preview.redd.it/0ihqggwpr8wc1.jpeg?width=600&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7c74f56fbf9151fa07a92708b2f5cf7d29cbf3ab

(Patiently waiting for Kiana expy in HSR 😭)
    Me too. If there were a few leaks about it like Acheron's it might have been more exciting to look forward to it. Unfortunately, we have nothing.
        Yeah Kiana expy is always the last of the trio (Kiana, Mei, Bronya) to be released and they keep it really secretive. For Genshin, it might take a long time for a Kiana expy to be released there after Bronya the Tsaritsa is released. In HSR, we now have Mei and Bronya (both petite and tall versions of Bronya like in HI3). Please MiHoYo don't make us wait YEARS for Kiana 😭

I kind of get why they don't want to release her too early in Genshin and HSR because she's the daughter of MiHoYo, the first character to be made in their first game, FlyMe2theMoon.
            We don't even know if the archon is gonna look like Bronya. Everyone thought we were gonna get a Himeko expy with Murata but the leaked design does not look like her at all
                I really love the leaked concept design though. It’s so radically different and looks very fun!

I was expecting to see a boring, stereotypical tribal woman, so festive carnivalesque girl was a lovely surprise
            At this point Kate Kaslana is scraped. Genshin was barely connected to Honkai and at this point it’s its own thing.
            I sort of thought the Unknown God or Paimon was the Kiana Expy?
    It's gonna be Frebass (copium)
    Plot twist: Kiana is Pom-Pom.
As much as I love firefly there's only one mascot of this game and it ain't you
    Ah yes, Pom-Pom
        A strange way to spell "Hanu".
            Hmmph!
                100 points, that was a *cool* grunt. Man, that was so cool.
                    So cool.
        Weird way to spell March 7th
Someone needs to make this but with Sam lmfao
I’ve been saying that she’s going to be responsible for March 7th erasure. Real ones will remember this, firefly 🫡
Is this ai?
I don't know if they could now start slacking off after building so much hype with her, knowing she's the most anticipated character in the game and the last Stellaron Hunter

With how much hyped people are, I think that the predictions of a bad work from them now is nothing if not unpredictable. Whereas a great work will only lead to one reaction.

https://preview.redd.it/qtnpi20xd7wc1.jpeg?width=482&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=58a97c0e958bb41c2dbf07dba9a1998f5e4d4623
    [removed]
        It's fcking henshin aren't it. It has to be.
            I’d very much assume it is at this point. We still haven’t seen her put on the armor, only take it off, so I hope they go full Iron Man with her and give her a hyper detailed transformation.
            It's going to be rider kick with all the lava effect isn't it? I don't want anything less
            I actually want either the henshin to be the passive or she has two ult so she can have that ground slam in her kit
        Where is this leak?, also how the fuck do you surpass acherons Ult
            https://preview.redd.it/dcky4ngbk7wc1.jpeg?width=445&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=250c72d8407975acdf31259575f2188fccaa1702
                hiiii\~
                    WHY CAN I HEAR IT!!!
            On HSRLeaks reddit. A very reputable leaker from CN stated that her ultimate animation is very luxurious (It cost them a lot of money to make).
            Just some passerby rumour. Basically no thing concrete, just a dude came out and said she has high effort animations then dip. It’s as credible as me saying “there’s a 6* Welt in the work” at this point
    I guess we're not getting a playable Elio? lol
        So soon without a single visual of him except a cat... Yeah. 

But a cat can be a character though
            I think I would E6 Elio if his playable model was just \*cat\*
            The Hanu mode was just the proving grounds for Elio
            that would be awesome, actually, and probably doable
            A [playable] cat is fine, too
                They had playable peppy, so a playable cat should be fine right?
    Isn't Ellio is the last Stellaron Hunter, that we still didn't see
        I don't count Elio for 2 reasons:

-They seem way more important than the other Stellaron Hunters and clearly doesn't play on the same field

-If I count Elio then we will wait probably 2 years to know who Elio is lol
    She's not the last, we'll still have Élio
    I don't think she's gonna pull Acheron numbers, but she certainly has a lot of hype around her.
        At least she brutalized the records on popularity on twitter, but yeah, hard to make a character stronger than Acheron atm. However she's a fire DPS, we don't have a lot of that whereas Lightning DPS is very common. 

Acheron got the attention of both people that love stories and people interested in the meta, and what's sure is that she got everyone's attention in the story. As a very rare Fire DPS, it her kit is good, she could also be very expected
            Fire DPS is certainly a new gameplay experience.
                I love you Himeko but... Yeah,
Meanwhile Aventurine trailers: just reuse the dialogue from the story with some gifs.
    Oof, yeah, I wasn't expecting them to go as hard as they did on Acheron, and they gave him tons of love in the story itself. But it definitely felt pretty underwhelming compared to the trailers etc. that BW/Sparkle/Acheron got.
    That’s true for his short trailers but not for his demo trailer. That one was amazing. I was expecting something like Daniels trailer after having an entire story patch to him just like DHIL, so i was surprised that wasn’t the case.
    Nah they know the story and trial gameplay already sold the character. The trailers are just additional snack.
    The demo trailer absolutely was anything but this. Obviously not as hype as Acheron's, considering the difference in anticipation between them, but they didn't slack off on the last trailer before his banner dropped.
I wouldn't downplay Sparkle. She is enjoying a minor role, but between the hints to Aventurine, the Tatalov dream bubble, sending TB and Firefly to the Shadow Realm, and hinting at the nature of Penacony to Swan, she has been pretty much directing every player on the plot to where they are at right now.
    Yeah like sampo but much straight forward.
        Just Fools things
On the one hand you have a point. On the other hand I'm terrified they'll pull a Dehya like they did in Genshin.
On the other hand, Dehya. They've fumbled the ball before.
This is 100% true because Chinese TCs were calling Kafka a 2/10 and the 2 was because she was mommy before her release and she was still one of the most anticipated units
    Apparently CN are very meta focused and dont like dot so when her best partner at the time was Sampo they rated her that low. Now after Black Swan is out Kafka stonks have definitely gone up but im pretty sure they still dont like dot as a play style, I think Black Swan revenue in CN was on the lower end

A shame coz their designs are well loved and in terms of media Kafka dominates a lot of the space, in terms of meta DoT is fun asf but I guess it will be a playstyle that doesnt appeal to some. Im addicted to it though
        DOT is legit my favourite and best team - I need kafka
            It's also super versatile. Everyones talking about different modes needing different teams, and I kinda just throw my Kafka dot team at whatever and it 3 stars effortlessly. (except SD and GnG, still trying to figure out how not to get bodied in those)
                If you want to run dot in those you basically need two things: the Nihility blessing where Suspicion stacks debuff the enemy’s attack, and as many defensive blessings as you can get from other Paths. The play is to let IX carry your damage output while the team focuses on keeping Kafka alive to keep detonating DoTs.
                    I like the "dots heal the party" and "dots regenerate energy" blessings. Then there are the "dots trigger one extra time" and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas. 

With a team of Kafka, BS, and RM Kafka's ultimate can hit for over 1 million by the end of the run.
                        Those are great too, but the main issue in Difficulty V SD or high Conundrum GnG isn’t how high your damage numbers are— it’s how easily you get one-shot. Granted, you also do need high damage because of anti-stall mechanics, but I’ve lost way more runs because the boss snuck a turn in at phase transition and obliterated Kafka than because I hit the berserk timer even with all four characters alive
                            Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
                            True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
                        > and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas.

It's hitting an enemy, weakness broken or not, triggers a random DoT on them

You're getting it confused with the "hitting weakness broken enemies has a 75% base chance to inflict either a wind shear, bleed, shock, or burn DoT for 2 turns"

The random DoT trigger blessing is actually kind of mediocre compared to a lot of Nihility blessings given that it basically winds triggering only one DoT out of the 7+ that enemies will have.

I suppose it's kind of better now that it can provide Black Swan with an extra Arcana stack on each of your support and sustainers' actions.

The "inflict same weakness break on adjacent enemies" or "chance to inflict random dot on weakness broken enemy" are probably stronger. Assuming you get a relevant weakness on the boss.
                My go-to team is a modification of my trusty dot team. I run E0S1 Kafka, E1S1 Black Swan, and E0S1 Acheron. I usually use Luocha as an SP battery with free heals as well. That team absolutely annihilates anything I throw it against haha.
        sampo isnt bad tho, is this a waifu thing?
            He’s a rat!
                https://preview.redd.it/v1jgom22j8wc1.jpeg?width=228&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c52decc1ee2fa666433b39e9db16514ad543e901
        Weird lol. Even before Black Swan, I ran Kafka Sampo, Kafka Luka, and even Kafka hypercarry and she slapped to hard. It takes a fraction of the effort to build her compared to someone like Jingliu

with Black Swan and Ruan Mei, she is a complete cheat code. Imagine having to match enemy's weakness and play around blessings. Just hit them with the fourty quintillion cancers
            Odd comparison, Jingliu is extremely easy and forgiving to build.
            Yeah, I pulled Kafka because "hm maybe it would be fun to try a DoT team sometime" and honestly Kafka+Sampo was already quite a strong combo.  (I imagine Kafka+Luka would be amazing against elites and bosses, too.)

Then I pulled Black Swan, and the triple Nihility squad just deletes their way through the Simulated Universe even with a sustain instead of Ruan Mei.  (And now I'm catching myself wondering if the right blessing combo could allow me to get away with not running a sustain at all.  I know there's one that gives you a bit of HP when enemies take damage from DoT...)

The only problem is that if I want to do MoC/PF, it's hard to build a second team that can keep up.  But improving my roster will always be a work in process.
                The right blessings in Sim Universe can definitely erase the need for sustain. I still bring Gepard because why not, but sometime I can one tick Yanqing with Black Swan + Kafka. With the combo of healing on dot dealing damage and Abundance, the only time you actually need Sustian is on higher levels of GnG
    In case anybody is confused by this radioactive take. This user is referencing this Pokke img

https://preview.redd.it/mdh2mjn7v7wc1.png?width=1042&format=png&auto=webp&s=991e9876a3ad1bb0b7cf3b924a5917d3d4f680c7

 This is old shit, Kafka needed E1 for universal Proc

 But the conclusion was 10/10 if you want DOT, 2/10 if you don't. RADIOACTIVE TAKE OMG.
        New player here, my E0 kafka has never failed to trigger the DOT with her E. That said, it fails to register as debuff for Acheron sometimes, does that count?
        A LOT of bad takes and people retro actively shitting on TCs is a game of telephone.

TC says "they're good with X, bad with Y"

CCs hear "bad with Y"

Players hear "bad".
        Well yeah if you dont care about dot she will suck. That makes sense.
    That’s crazy to me lol, the Chinese TCs truly live in their own world
        I don’t disagree but since China’s playerbase ranks characters based on meta, they are bound to have such opinions. When 1.2 dropped all I saw in bilibili and Weibo about Kafka was that she was pretty, but dot is a niche she plays into (considering all we had for dot was Sampo and Serval, who was not officially a dot unit. There was also Asta and Hook with their burn, but the former was considered good for the spd buff, and the latter was disregarded). 

Obviously now we have more dot units and Kafka turned into a character that can enable this previously ‘niche’ playstyle
        To be fair, up until a late stage of the beta, you needed e1 for her skill to be able to detonate DoTs that weren't her own and she was far more dependant on Serval for extending her DoT as her FuA didn't apply it
        Well, they are better than all global players, like chinese and jp players are usually just better, so I won't make fun of them for it
        Not that wild if they base it solely after meta impact. Now personally I can't imagine Kafka not being seen as incredibly meta at any point in time, but what do I know
Sparkles trailer was hands down my top favorite
Hoyo suffered nothing for dehya's kit, wont matter in the slightest what firefly's is.
Personally I am cautiously waiting to see whether this will go full Genshin or if future story lines will properly integrate the stellaron hunters as regular returning cast. 

At this point, all known Stellaron hunters have been introduced. With no new members as far as we know in the horizon. Blade’s story is so intrinsically tied to the Xianzhou that it’s hard to see him coming into the story anywhere else besides the abundance (since it seems his part in the Xianzhou appears to be over even if we do return there). Silver Wolf has firmly established herself as a sort of deus x machina but she can do what she has been doing without ever actually making a physical appearance. Sam biggest superpower in Penacony was the mystery of who he is but now that her identity is exposed, that card can never be used again. 

How much narrative potential do the stellaron hunters have left?
My friend, do you remember the sad tale of Dehya? Hoyo did literally everything right with her, but her kit was so underwhelming, it straight up killed any hype she has gathered...
Aventurine doesn't even need a very hype trailer like Sparkle's or Acheron's, his full involvement in 2.1 storyline plus CCs who just cannot stop gushing about his potential game breaking utility are enough to make him stand out on his own. April numbers will still be good despite Arlecchino release this month over at GI.
Meh, I never cared for her until we found out who she was. And no amount of hype will persuade me from building a team I wanted.
Oof glad I didn’t get spoiled. When I hit that end of patch WTF moment right after all the Aventurine feels, my jaw hit the floor.

The end of this patch had so much punch between Aventurine’s “death”, Firefly reveal, and Gallagher’s turn.
    Yeah, I kinda got soft spoiled on both her 'death' and that she was Sam so I was just enjoying the pretty images while those bits played out to me. I think that is a big reason that I never got attached to her. She has a cute design but I met her knowing she was going to die so didn't care too much and then learned she was not really dead so didn't surprise me.
    I wasn’t too stunned because I suspected she was Sam, but when we saw Sam alive again it was certainly a “wait, what?” moment…

Now the Gallagher thing actually caught me off guard. I didn’t think he was the murderer (I wasn’t really invested enough to solve the murder mystery), but I knew something was very wrong with him. “He’s so normal!” Yeah. *Sure.* I *definitely* believe you.
Some people are obsessed with spoils but sometimes just a little bit of information about what will happen make the hype even bigger as we expect things.
    Also in a way people obsessed with spoils also made her people more impatient to have her released as socialy you couldn't talk much about her. So at the end it's a little bit like a bottle of champain too. Most of people KNEW, most of people COULDNT talk about it, but now it's fine you can scream "FIREFLY IS SAM" and nobody can complain about it.
        I can understand that we don't want to tell everything about it, but... Some stories are great because of the expectations they built.

[An article talked about the impact of spoils on the appreciation of a work.](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/51571027_Story_Spoilers_Don't_Spoil_Stories)

I don't say we should spoil everything but giving some key points that could lead us to expect things makes us way more eager to see what will happen. 

So yeah, a bottle of Champaign
            Eh. My experience is that generally story spoilers do ruin the experience, regardless of what someone in im ivory tower is telling me I feel about spoilers. I felt nothing when han solo died despite him being one of my favorite characters because I knew he was gonna die. And with the firefly reveal I felt absolutely nothing upon seeing her again despite literally crying when she got stabbed and seemed dead. I know for a fact I'd have felt at least some confusion or excitement or something if I hadn't accidentally found those story leaks while trying to find character release leaks to plan my jade spend.  Spoilers absolutely ruin the first experience of a story, and by doing so they ruin the subsequent re-encounters with a story because they are often highly reliant on nostalgia for that first experience to feel meaningful whatsoever. Without a good first experience, most stories aren't even worth rereading, rewatching or replaying.
                OOT but I deleted the star wars sequel so hard from my memory that it took me a while re-reading that 'Han Solo dies' line and thinking 'what.. he gets put in carabonite but later he is fine...?'
            Story spoilers have a different impact than that article suggests though. The impact of knowing what's about to happen absolutely kills a person's desire to consume the story.
            Welp I got spoiled that the mc will also have a path of Harmony. I mean I know that all paths are gonna be available for mc but c'mon I got spoiled for the story.
Story plot and shockinv revelation that I've been anticipating to keep me playing the game but it kill my mood.
                Again, spoilers don't **Necessarily** spoil the story. It depends what to spoil.
    The issue is that HYV can’t fuck this up. I know in the past they did fuck up with ending a story. Please not here.
    For some people, like me, a small spoiler just enhances the story. Or barely matters.   
People take spoilers a bit way too seriously. 

  
Luv Muv Extra was good to me only because I knew the twist.   
On the plus side, knowing the plot of the second part of Inazuma barely mattered to me.
    There was also was research into spoilers that suggested spoilers increase enjoyment. As much as people claim to hate them, that's not what researchers have apparently found.


I never read the paper thou. I just have seen it mentioned before. 
        Tbh it just depends on what you leak to others, controlled leaks are way better
Dehya was a fan favourite too lmao
    Don't you put that evil on me
    I feel like while Dehya's kit wasnt bad on paper. The way it was implemented in Genshin was just pretty bad. I mean with how open space there is you really just need decent reaction times and youll be fine. You dont need a character like Dehya in that game. HSR has shown that Dehya's kit can work in Fu Xuan basically, so whatever they can come with for Firefly should be fine and able to work well
        The thing is that she's bad not only because of her kit, but also because of bad damage multipliers, her ultimate attacks are not considered basic attacks, and her resistance to interruption only lasts like half the time of her skill. So they literally made her bad on purpose.

And what I meant is that she was super hyped by the community, but she still ended up being bad. So I don't want to keep my hopes that high for Firefly, even if I already know that I'll pull for her and use her, just like I did with Dehya.
            Don't worry Firefly has white skin her kit will be alright.

I still am upset about Dehya. 100% of her problems could be solved by changing numbers, her kit itself is good, but she has half uptime and dmg it should in every part of her kit.
                I barely work with Unity since my college day. Give me the documentation and three days with the project files, and I can give you a Dehya with a coherent kit.

Give me 1 month and a programmer who know what they're doing, she'll be at least a Hutao tier.

80% of Dehya's problem is in her numbers abd the way things are tagged. Those can be fixed in an afternoon if you know your way around the project.
                    She would be a good char with small number and text changes:

E trigger changed to 1.25s from 2.5s (this would allow her to be a burgeon trigger at c0)

Casting E2 refreshes the field uptime (Making it 100% uptime if the players times it right)

A1 infinite poise lasts as long as her field

Q cost reduced to 50 and increased HP% multiplier

Boom good char. Targeting problems is something that affects all characters so it's not a Dehya problem
                        My first direction for her is to make her a vape subdps sustain hybrid. Not the most innovative, but she will work. I hasn't played genshin in a while so i don't remember what is needed to make Burgeon work.

E: Reduce damage taken. 100% of the damage that the character do take is redirected to Dehya instead. If Dehya is on field, double the damage reduction.

Q: Now counts as Normal Attack. Final Hit is Plunge Attack. Gains amping crit rate buff as Dehya takes damage, maxing out when she is at like 50/20. When she cast it, Dehya either rapidly regenerate hp or life steal a portion of the damage she deals with her ult.. If E is on field, refresh E duration and make it travel with her. 

You put your main DPS on field and do your rotation with them, taking damage as you go along. The damage is transferred to Dehya, then you switch to her and punch back up.

E2 gives ramping crit damage along with crit rate. E6 gives her 100% uptime on her burst, making her an onfield dps
            Yea, my biggest issue with Dehya is it felt like her numbers were all tuned to specifically not work. Her Poise falls off, her pyro application was too slow, she doesn't really do damage, can't even quickswap burst because of that last point, mitigation still needs a healer so its weaker then either a healer or shielder, no content in the game even requires the role...

HSR and Genshin do have different teams though so I'm not all doom and gloom for Firefly, but of course I could be wrong. My opinions for HSR's team when it comes to kit design is a lot higher then it is for genshin.
        Dehya's kit has potential, but they went out of their way to make it bad.

Reducing the follow-up attack recast of her skill to 1s, making the 100% interruption resistance part of her skill instead of a separate talent, increasing her multipliers overall and doubling the damage of her ult while adding a party wide lifesteal to it would make her very desirable.
        Any kit can turned good or bad depending on numbers.

She had very bad numbers and that's all there is to it.
        > I feel like while Dehya's kit wasnt bad on paper

It is bad on paper. Multiple 5 stars don't even lose their ult if they swap, *let alone jump*. Kokomi doesn't lose her burst if she jumps cause that would make 0 sense. Dehya does.
    This is my fear.
    Fortunately for us we are playing HSR here kek
    Yeah I got somewhat bored playing genshin because of that since it just means that they can just fuck whatever character you like and be done with it. I'd imagine we'd have a zhongli situation again if they ever did screw up on firefly's kit lol
    The new Fu Hua in Honkai Impact really reminded me of her. And made me a little sad
If they fuck up her kit I not sure even the CCP can save Dawei then.
    The only time Mihoyo did something was with Zhongli and only when CN was close to report Mihoyo for being anti patriotic for making  the archon of genshin's China to be weak, they tried to do the same with Raiden Shogun and failed since she is not of chinese origin.
        Fuck commies lol
        She also just wasn't a bad character and people were over reacting. 


Also mhy did something with yae Mike, the community just hated mhys changes so they reverted it. 


Mhy just knows most players are reactionary and most 'underwhelming characters' are just the community over reacting. Except is zhongli and dehya. 
Waiting for the firefly->Sam magical girl animation. If there isn't one, I'm SUING
    I'm already looking at rentals for trucks with giant screens on them.
IMO we're really getting 2 characters in a single package. Love to see the first unit in the game get 2 ultimates, which could be another selling point. You get both Firefly/Sam's ultimate being different. One with the suit on and the other with it off. 

I'd be kinda disappointed if we don't get to use Firefly with the suit on and it's strictly only her ult where we get the animation with Sam's armor coming on --> damage done --> suit is off until the next ult.
Yeah... I'm not a huge fan of Sparkle but her trailer, music and animations are all super well done and you can really tell they put their heart into the character. If it weren't for her visuals and the skill points as a DHIL player, I wouldn't pull her personally.
    Really wished her basic attack used the gun from her trailer instead of a kick though.
        Honestly I like both. The kick is nice and she has really good movement in her trailer, plus we have a handful of ranged shots anyways especially for harmony characters like bronya, yukong, ruan mei and asta.
    Here I am with the complete opposite opinion. Huge fan of Sparkle, but found her trailer to be incredibly pretentious. I cringe every time I hear "I am Elation" and watch her shoot herself. It will not be hard for Firefly to surpass that.
        I don't particularly care for the "I am Elation" line but I like the OST and editing, plus how it overall conveys her type of character REALLY well with the chaotic nature of it.
Oh I totally agree with you. 

Kafka and Sparkle were brutal. 

Acheron was special. But it was just as great imo. 

But I believe Firefly can still do it and Mihoyo might aim at doing so
    considering blade and kafka had like no1 character trailers for a long time (not counting bailu since she got inflated by ads) i think theyre not gonna fumble on firefly
I actually started playing hsr because of her trailer. It's amazing. Also mainly because I'm a hu tao main in genshin so sparkle was a huge selling point for me in addition to firefly's scene because I legit thought that this firefly is female trailblazer in one of the reels I saw on the internet. And I related to genshin how lumine and aether are brothers. 

Still topping monodrama will be difficult but I'm looking forward to it.
They were here even before the Japella rebellion. 

[Remember the time Sam accidentally sent us their script and Sam tried to spam emotes to hide it?](https://youtu.be/EIY4-NRhxLw?si=2_lz0unz6yONoYdG)
    Only people who own Blade will have ever seen that text unless they saw it online.
    ...no I don't remember that 😅
        Check the video lol
            Haha okay I see
The "Dehya effect" was a deliberate decision made by hoyo. They can "choose" to avoid it or not.
Yae's drip had the most likes of any on Twitter (at the time) but her hype fizzled out fast when people didn't like her kit in leaks (not bad but people expected a hyper dps)

You know hoyo works in mysterious ways when they set up mega hyped money printers like her and dehya then kneecap themselves lol
    What is with the X.5 characters being disappointing to some of the player base? I don’t think Eula, Yae, Dehya, or Chiori had the best reception lol.
        They call it a curse because usually X.5 is also the most lacking of any content. This comment actually made me remember I even had a Eula to begin with…
    I still remember that "damage" showcase that gained traction on the main sub, where the player wasn't even conecting the turrets, people on that comment section were doomposting her so much because of that.
> I recall Arataki Itto‘s reveal getting more likes than the Raiden Shogun’s on Twitter, but he absolutely did not outdo her in trailer views or sales.

Not in JP, and a lot of hype got deflated when instead of bulky oni dude we got a regular character model with drawn-on muscles and "meh" in-game performance - not bad, but also not amazing. Raiden was a gamebreaker who also had banner right after bonus currency reset in store.
Itto thing only happened in EN, and mostly because the community (reddit, twitter) had a weird hard-on for him, ESPECIALLY female players. As it turns out, EN-only attention hardly translates to global sales. 


But you are also right about twitter likes not translating to actual sales. Even in EN, rather than for characters like Itto, the silent majority is much more likely to pull for cute/hot girls who also happen to be strong gameplay-wise, like genshin Raiden or our Acheron.


I wonder if Boothill will be met with similar fate. Unless he's super entertaining in the story, I doubt (relatively) many people will pull for him, no matter how strong he is.
    a “weird hard-on?” my guy it’s a tall shirtless man with muscles, thats about as weird as liking a big boobs Kafka mommy
except rn it's not only EN twitter but also JP as well, JP rn has 216k likes and its their biggest tweet, comfortably beating out the number of likes both THE "raiden expy" acheron and kafka put together. the itto thing as others pointed out was an EN only thing, no one else really paid attention to it. in JP firefly is absolutely the rage rn. she also ranked second among all hoyo girls in a KR popularly contest above even kiana and mei and only second to elysia. as for CN, they have been constantly pumping out high quality firefly animations, Sam cosplays, ever since 2.0. 

the hype is real for firefly/sam across multiple communities. Only for acheron and kafka I've seen a lot of discourse on social media but this takes the cake away by a mile in terms of how many people are/have been talking about her.

gundam fans, kamen rider fans, the gap moe, the ultimate waifu, the corny ahh one liners, she appeals to so many different communities it's actually insane. 2.3 will be huge, and I'm betting on this.
Itto probably got a lot of attention in reveal because Max Middleton was voicing him and that was a really big deal at the time.
So far most of my predictions about Firefly not relying on leaks were correct so I believe we can expect good things to happen
Why do we care about sales again? 

 She's a 2.X DPS, potentially of a new archetype so i wouldn't be heavily concerned about her meta stance and future potential.

 I just hope they don't introduce a team constraint into her kit and make her E2 fix it.
    > Why do we care about sales again?

As they put it in genshin back then, people are obsessed with the “kpop-ification” of games, or more generally, stan culture. I still find it p.bizaare tbh. Somehow people think it’s a personal achievement for them if mihoeyo earns millions of dollars lmao.
    Acheron isnt the only one with "constraints" into her kit really, imbibitor lunae and QQ to perform really well are very dependent on sparkle, which is even more restrictive than acheron, as it's a single unit (if you dont have her, their value drops significantly) unlike 1 class (nihility) which may bring more variety. Then Jingliu really wants a healer (or even someone like fuxuan mini heals could work), or she will end killing her team if the fight isnt very short.
        So Imbibitor and QQ didn't performed well before Sparkle? That's a spicy take right there.

 As as Imbibitor enjoyer, that's cap. If you said TY, i'd understand but Sparkle is simply comfier.

 But nevermind that, i don't think any of the cases you just gave are comparable to someone who's double Nihility team are 2 cycles slower than the Harmony-Nihility in MoC data.
These characters have weird situations around them imo.

Sparkle was a difficult skip for a lot of players because of Acheron

Kafka sales were mid because a lot of people were saving since day one for her.
    Incorrect. Just as many if not more people were saving for Acheron, Firefly etc. People who save don't affect banner sales, people who whale do, and 2 patches of saving won't matter to whales. Same with Sparkle. They have absolutely no effect on banner sales.

This being said, no one but hoyo has the actual sales data and every "banner sales" post we get are guesstimates and not solid data. Only Hoyo knows how well they did.
Meta will be meta I guess, and yeah social media reactions might not convert properly into sales, but a thing a studio cannot ignore is their reputation. 

Call of Duty became trash for over 10 years, Titanfall 2 is still one of the best fps I've seen, and yet, the sole fame of Cod made Titanfall flop despite how revolutionary it was. 

If they flop with Firefly, it's impossible to predict if the community will accept it and wait or get mad and it'll take months to rebuild trust.

However, a majestic trailer in our current situation can only lead to one thing
    CoD didn't kill Titanfall, EA releasing it right between CoD and Battlefield did.
        Basically the studio that wanted to make a futuristic fps video game eventually left Activision (they were formerly infinity ward, and they got scammed by the CEO)  to make Respawn with EA. 

However, Activision knew exactly what Titanfall 2 was supposed to look like. So instead of letting Respawn make their futuristic game with jetpacks and grapnel, so people know about it and they lose their privileged spot of number 1 fps studio, they lazily copied the idea and released 3 futuristic fps games with grapnel and jetpacks (Advanced warfare, BO3 and Infinity warfare). 

So since Cod is more popular, they will make Titanfall 2 looks like another random futuristic game. And consequently Titanfall 2 was led to flop. 

It might not be the only reason, but it surely is the biggest reason imo
        EA didn't choose to release it between CoD and Battlefield, Respawn did. Respawn's leadership at the time had huge egos (they probably still do tbh) and they were confident that their game wouldn't be affected by it's release date.
Kafka banner was way too long after our encounter with her, so the hype is not that high, also people have enough time to save for her, and she is pretty niche so I don't think her banner will ever be high in sales. Sparkle trailer exploded but she wasn't popular to begin with, and she is similar to Bronya who people can garentee get, and Acheron banner is next.
Someone mentioned that her ULT animation is even greater than Acheron which I hardly believe to be possible lol
    That depends on the person's taste, to me the only thing better than a black hole is two black holes.
        Acheron got 2 black holes
        That's why you play her with Welt
    Tbf art,i.e. ult animation can be pretty subjective so we will have to wait out and see.
        Who's art,i.e.?
            I meant art , i.e. is an abbreviation of Id est which is Latin for "that is". It's a common phrase you might come across if you are a science student.
    No leaks = don't believe in shit
        Faith is not about believing in what you see, but believing despite what you see
Toku fans, Cute Waifu enjoyers, Popular VA. She hits so many niches ppl like.
    Ok I didn't know about the VA, that actually explains so much alone.
        Her JP was Setsuna Yuki in Love Live but had to quit it due to her health issues back in 2023.
            Oh that makes even more sense. Not sure why I was down voted though, but thanks for the context!
                Np. Some salty ppl tend to down vote for no reason dw about it.
I'm with you. I thought she is a cute character and her story was okay (although a little forced). The most interesting thing being the whole SAM thing. But at no point was I like "OMG I MUST HAVE HER!" No hate for her at all or anything but I don't know, different strokes for different folks I guess.

But now I have to wonder, is Firefly actually a dude (SAM) who disguises as a little girl, or is it vice versa?
    She is popular because she is "sweet and loveable" aka waifu bait. Lonely dudes get easily attached and call her their gf. 

I mean, you go on a date (or at least the game is very happy to call it that), she brings you to her super secret special spot and trauma dumps on you that she is dying from a magic space cancer while sappy music plays in the background.

The only thing that would make it more obvious if she was like: "UwU I love you Trailblazer."
    When we were following her around with Acheron and Black Swan, Firefly kept talking to soemone she called "Mecha". I think that's probably who we know as SAM.

Like...SAM/Mecha is the suit (the weird little thing she was holding in her hand in the drip marketing artwork). For the Suit to take the appearance we know she probably needs to go henshin. Both SAM/Mecha and Firefly need eachother to exist probably. SAM/Mecha being male and Firefly obviously female.
        Very interesting. Thanks!
She is literally star rail Samus. I mean. Her mech suit version name is literally SAM (first three letters in samus)

Blonde grill with big strong mecha suit = badass as fuck 

To be fair. She is literally the only character that we know of that has a human and a mecha form. I think that makes her stand out, a lot.
We're about to be downvoted but same, I have mostly neutral feelings towards Firefly. I still feel like we need to know more about her before I can even reach this level of hype the subreddit is going through.
    I’ll take the downvotes too. Her character story just feels rushed, and us having to like her feels very forced. She’s hard carried by that rooftop scene, and that’s the only relevant thing with her until 2.1 where the Sam reveal was. But she just hasn’t…really done much? But people are so attached to her and hyping her up. I have no doubt she’ll be a good character but I think the hype isn’t deserved as of right now.

I also feel as though people formed a weird parasocial relationship with her, as if she was actually their girlfriend lol. Reminds me a lot of Furina from Genshin Impact
        Pretty much. She is not a bad character by herself, but it's probably the most explicit waifubait I've seen in ages considering how all the moments you had together were explicitly treated as a date with the game lowkey forcing you to care about her.
        I agree. She hasn't really done or said much, and it feels very forced to like her. She appears, and then immediately the story makes it feel like a love at first sigh thing

I appreciate that later, we find out that it was all a plan of hers to guide us towards the watchmakers legacy in a more direct way, as stated by Sam. But the absurdly massive amount of "best girl" posts, ships, and overwhelming love for the character makes me feel out of place since I just simply like her instead of OMG
        I think this is really a big difference in how different parts of fandom work.

Some parts of fandom build hype for a character based on what's shown in the work proper and the objective facts.  So assuming Firefly has a bigger role in 2.2+ (which seems inevitable), perhaps then they'll appreciate her for who she is.  (What we saw in 2.0 was clearly just a "prologue," and the "real story" will be what happens next.  Given her place in the Stellaron Hunters, she also seems likely to be a recurring character as well.)

But other parts of fandom build hype by filling in the gaps between what's shown with their imagination.  So even though Firefly until now had a sort of brief, rushed, and canonically minor role in the grand scheme of things (which she herself calls out, leaning on the fourth wall), the mystery of what could happen given the premise of her character allows people to come up with all sorts of ideas that take on lives of their own.   This is the same side of fandom that "shippers" come from, being used to create fandom around the smallest "crumbs" of lore and canon suggestion.  The fanart community is also pretty adjacent to this space, and Firefly has spawned a *lot* of fanart considering her otherwise rather minor overall role.  If the canon story even in the patches ahead ends up leaving gaps in the development of Firefly's character, the fandom will no doubt fill it with their own extrapolations (and if they're smart, the writers will leave just enough crumbs to serve as the fuel) -- this is basically what happened with Furina, as you mentioned.  And yeah, for Firefly, the fact there's been this long wait until the confirmation of her banner gave people a lot of time to dream/speculate about how things might play out, which in turn built up the hype among those who were waiting.

So all this to say... in a weird way, the fact that she *didn't* get properly developed back in 2.0 (but they left lots crumbs for people to speculate on/extrapolate) is what has created the hype gap in the meantime.  We'll see if the developers can capitalize on this in 2.2+.
    I will take on the downvotes and the shitstorm but man I don’t even like firefly at all. Like I talked to her once and I found her bland and boring. I zoned out during her quest for sure. I dont understand how the mc is so heartbroken by her death and “betrayal”. Like bro we talked once I dont care about you at all 😭
    I actually really like her but it feels like everyone's like omg our girlfriends back were gonna hug and kiss and everything's happy!!!

ima guess peeps are gonna be sorely disappointed, our whole relationship was built on a lie. There was no romantic, fated encounter. Things will probs be pretty icy/conflicting.  Like even go back to the balcony, the interact dialogue changed in 2.1 to us feeling hurt and betrayed. Even if her feelings for us mightve been genuine (i think they were), her #1 goal was still to manipulate us from the start

I could be totally wrong but I really don't think it's gonna be just *yay our waifu is back!* At best its gonna be bittersweet like kafka
Can't wrap my head around her popularity. Guess i'm too old for the trope "cute waifu take you in a date but she's lying on something"
    It's mostly because she made an emotional connection with the trailblazer in 2.0, and pair that with her being a mysterious stellaron hunter. I'm also in the neutral stance camp for the time being but it's not hard to see why she's so popular.
The story made us to choose dialogues that would favour the direction it wants us to go into, rather than the usual broader choices dialogues give us. It's clear hoyo wants her to be waifu bait and it worked really well. Her death and subsequent 'sike' didn't have any impact imo, the only thing I like is her mecha design and potential as a DPS, and as an NPC she seemed like a chill friend at best, not "my wife of 30 years is back from war!!". Downvotes be upon ye though
Don't feel upset, there's at least two of us
Imo the role of the stelleron hunters is to further the role of the main cast rather than the role of a specific planet, so I don’t expect her to do much with penacony.
Oh you a brave one

o7

(but same)
Same i don’t get the hype around her like she’s cute but her character is just very cliche for me.. that and as you said she really hasn’t done all that much but maybe its just a case of the obvious waifu bait working lol since we go on a date with her and everything
I 100% agree, i hate her writing and I’m begging hoyo to redeem it like they did Raiden in her second story quest
I feel exactly the same but... robots are cool so i'm gonna pull
I think that you could say a similar thing about vast majority of characters.

That said if we want to look at her impact on the story, then events that happen after "death" are mostly happen because of it, and it becomes harder to justify it happening if we removed Firefly from the story.

Like initially Trailblazer was mostly here to enjoy vacation, and maybe look for clues about lives of nameless that disembarked there, they don't really care about Watchmaker's Legacy, or secrets of Penacony. That only changes because of Firefly's "death". The reason why Trailblazer accepts to see Aventurine's "truth" is because they care about what happened, and wants to prevent it from happening again. And every thing that Astral Express crew does after that is a result of these (especially since AE gets commissioned to investigate Firefly's death). And few other characters figure out things based on the fact that she survived.

That said discussing whenever character is needed in a story is kinda hard, and might end up being pointless, when it is still ongoing, and it looks like she will be with TB at the start of 2.2, and probably remain a part of the Penacony story until the end. Also since she is a Stellaron Hunter we will probably see her again the next time they are story relevant (it won't be too long).
Just ignore the fans that make you hate the character.
    I'll try my hardest.
        Yes. I did it with Kafka and JL. I love them for their gameplay, but the fandom just irks me. Will do the same for Firefly. Just can’t not pull mecha-girl.
I'm already past it. Her fans really soured her character for me, unfortunately.
https://preview.redd.it/80fq879mi7wc1.jpeg?width=828&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5dad3e3e8778aab988fd24c283028fc31368be6c

Im already at that stage, chief ;-;
I’m almost there and I haven’t even met her yet.
You shouldn't let random posts on internet influence you to like or dislike something tho. Love or hate something, you should decide for yourself. 
    I mean, the community experience can be a part of whether you find smth enjoyable, and that's not wrong.
same 💀
can someone please tell me what's wrong with this thread, am dumb and slow and I don't get it. from what I can tell, it's just that a lot of people like her and a lot don't care?...am I missing something? (I'm not at penacony and dint really simp for girls)
    she’s very polarizing because she’s pretty shameless waifu bait with little else going for her (as of now, fingers crossed). Either you love that or you hate it, very little in between.
        oh! I see. yeah I can get that then
    I don't understand your confusion.
        I just know nothing about firefly so I was a bit confused about the polarization. what I get for not doing penacony to understand the strong reactions, both positive and negative
            Well, you'll understand when you play, any explanation would be spoilerful. She's a central character of Penacony
Well we will see how it goes lmao
That's just being sensitive
https://preview.redd.it/xro1wlq1d7wc1.jpeg?width=482&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=98a3b9bf0c680342ad39f2d87d5fc7636e1ca089
Mmh I guess so, at least when I make my assumption I can surely be hyperbolic. 

But the stars are here, Firefly is stupidly popular
After Kafka's trailer people said they wanted to be the wall Kafka stepped against. 

People just love making fun of things to show they love things. 

And some people know people want Firefly content so they replicate
That type of obsession exist for every character and that’s why I hate a large part of this community. 

It’s a mix of cringe and childish behavior.
That's the power of waifubait characters. There's a reason why characters like Rem from Rezero are super popular despite being mid (though I definitely like Firefly a looot more than Rem).
The ship baiting is stronk... The trailer alone with her getting a ship teasing with Caelus is just the beginning... Her being the same person as Sam is just a bonus...

Prior to her release, the self-insert shippers doesn't get much waifu ship tease other than maybe Kafka (but it's more of "mommy" dynamic), and every Caelus x Waifu ship are purely fanon... Then the Penacony trailer drops and those kind of fans really ate Firefly up

Yea, Firefly changed the MC shipping business and now has the monopoly for it, until hoyo decided to create another "canon girlfriend" type character
    Istg, people see a guy chara with girl and go talk about serious canon accusations of them being romantic couple. Things ive read here are just crazy sometimes xd
        Nah that's just shippers in general my friend. Remember how Acheron and Black Swan merely looked at each other and the fan base declared it Canon (before the trailers), same with Chloride and Navia in Genshin.
            I mean, I don't mind people shipping stuff, i do myself, but to lowkey say it's intended romantic or canon is vile lol
        Also funny that prior to Firefly, most peeps already settled of Stelle being the "canon TB" just like how Aether is in Genshin, due to how much of TB's troll and dumpster diving shenanigans fits her better than him... then things go 180 and now suddenly, Caelus became the more favored  TB because of Firefly alone
            Yeah. I already saw some comments about how Stelle and Firefly are like sisters while Caelus and Firefly are canon couple even though they are the same character 🤦‍♂️
                It's even more annoying when it's mixed with "wholesome" messages. Like i remember this one guy who started with the whole "Stelle and Firefly look like cute sisters While Caelus and her are a cute couple!" with fricking heart emojis and stuff and when someone asked why Stelle and Firefly cannot be a couple they dropped that gooey stuff and started calling people "twitter freaks". They ripped that mask off like immediately.
                imagine how they will react if either got siblingzoned...
                People honestly really tell on themselves when they say that
            Lol true! And here i am just silently waiting for my Sunday, man...
    Maybe it was just me but there was quite a bit with March 7th early on since her and the TB were basically glued to the hip in Belobog.
        She left them when they got involved with Ten-Lords Commission and Ruan Mei tho
            More so that out of the Astral Express crew March is by far the closest to the TB, especially given how they share a single brain cell between them lol.
                I just prefer the trio are together again... not just TB going on their own and collecting bitches
                    They need to let Dan Heng out the room, dudes a shut in at this point
                        Once Penacony is over, i hope our Cold Dragon Boi will be back in action
                        Wlell he haven't grab his break time yet since Xianzhou is his break time and he was dragged into it due to Blade. He deserves this break time
I absolutely agree with you!

If you actually think about it, in the story itself she got like maybe 30 minutes screentime until her "death"

And yet everyone behaved like we had the deepest bond with her. We knew nothing about who she was or anythign at all, she basically just used us aswell. 

And yet everyone treats her like she has been there for years. 

Like, i would totally understand that whole reaction, if it was for March, for example.
    I didn't get that neither. I was always neutral towards her
        Same. I hope 2.2 or 2.3 will make me like the character, because so far idc much about her.
Well, it is easy to hype up this fan base to begin with...
Hoyoverse shows the character cards for 2.3 in english beforehand.
https://preview.redd.it/vx93pbww59wc1.jpeg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d441d010c227010d36f65410c5d118da1199e6bf

Drip market, if I understood correctly, is like the first appearance of the character to announce they're being officially playable soon.

But the term "Drip" can be about "Marketing, but not a lot".

It's the very first step to make a character playable.
Mihoyo reveals the next characters a patch before their release. This reveal is called drip marketing (coined by Mihoyo themselves).
When Sam spammed us with emotes after she accidentally sent us something she shouldn't have, we could have expected it
I think I'm the only one here, but the revelation of Sam being Firefly kinda ruined Sam for me 😬
    same, i thought sam looked badass. im sure they did it for a silly reason like not having to make a new overworld skeleton for giant  sam's animations
    A fellow, disappointed, brother. 

I always hoped that they were 2 different characters or that Firefly was just a sort of hologram and not a real person. 

Also, I find Firefly design very bland.
Dehya is pretty decent.

If you get her C2.
    Well according to the community it isn't

I personally like dehya tho
        Once I pulled her (I pulled straight C2 without signature on her banner), I effectively used her in overworld and abyss up until this patch (sadly, I had to choose which Furina team should go in and Gaming team won).
            I don't have her sadly and everytime I lose 50-50 I hope I it's dehya but she never came home
                I got her every second lost 50/50 and this patch I finally got C6.
I wish my Dehyaluck will now come to you.
I hope they don't kill you because it's not impossible lmao 

Just heard her ULT animation is more peak than Acheron lol
    Yeah the ult is like Acheron I heard. I was just thinking about the multipliers
God forbid people have hobbies.
You didn't need to know Kafka, Sparkle and Acheron kit to get hyped
I can pretty much use your logic for every character. 

"i didn’t understand where all the hype for Acheron came from tbh. to each of their own, but imo she’s just an emo girl mc talked for less than 10 min and suddenly they care so much abt her and she turned out to not just be a emo girl, but a emo girl that can erase you in 1 hit! geeeeeee what an original troupe no one has ever seen before. if people loved all of that, then they’ll love whatever hoyo puts"

Gotcha!
On one hand, she is the last Stellaron Hunter that we haven't properly encountered yet before Penacony. 

On another, she was presented with TB to be very close in the two first updates, like with no other characters before:

We can see the difference of treatment between Trailblazer Silverwolf (Gaming partner, sometimes she helps us out), Kafka (Somehow a motherly figure that teaches us things about fate, looks after us from afar and encourages us to keep moving forward) and Firefly (Something... Different?) 

It is not necessarily lover, but in the game, both the dialogues being way more open to different paths (being cold to her or lovey) and how we are seen with her makes it feel like we are close to her, coupled with her death that was supposed to be a shock.

And her health condition is... Not the best. She has Entropy Loss Syndrome and probably the armor Sam is the only thing keeping her alive, and she could both follow Elio's script and try to get the Watchmaker's legacy, without talking about all the consequences there could be in the future now she's here. 

Long story short: she's loveable/made to be loved at some points, she has lots of lore importance.
    Elio is the last Stellaron Hunter we haven't encountered yet, not Firefly.
    Ok that actually makes a lot more sense and makes me want to go back and rewatch some scenes. Thank you very much for the explanation!
Well... We got her leaked kit from what I've heard. 

And when so much hype is built around something it's never sure what happens, but if they succeed, it's obvious what will happen 

It's not like the first 5 stars that were here to settle the decor
Yup, those videos were released around 1 months before her release

We still have to wait around 2 months for Firefly so you never know, without talking about the focus she had in the two first updates
Acheron is a Mihoyo staple waifu. She was always going to get all the attention.
I heard about it recently, and I'll also love her anyway, but regarding the comments I'm not so sure that everyone thinks the same lol
https://preview.redd.it/9ytoy7u8k8wc1.png?width=1286&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2b951dd14d9cbac97e2c653489b9fe2cf17cb9ca

Still waiting for a Furina Firefly Elysia Fanart as they are my fav girl from each most recent Mihoyo games
Already spoiled by Mihoyo tho?
She kinda became the most popular post of Honkai star rail in Japan, obliterating every other posts within 6 hours lol 

Tbh I think it's partly due to "leaks". 

If developers don't want leaks I won't say it's good. However, it is not always a bad thing to give people an idea of what's about to happen. 

And before I saw her in 2.1, I just believed she would be here, so I had expectations. 

I think "controlled leaks" can be good to gather the hype more and more until people get crazy and it goes like this
I'm sipping tea
Laughing to see them seething in this post. Always happen when a hyped character gets announced. Happened with Kafka, Ruan Mei, Acheron, Aventurine, Topaz and most recently Sparkle.

Liking a character more than other is totally fine,but actively being a hater with a fictional character is lame as hell. And not to mention the "im different" people who don't like the thing that's being hyped at the moment. There are always several of these.
    Most people have a reason. Her story was rushed and felt a tad bit too forced and that’s why most people haven’t warmed up to her
        Dont get me wrong thats 100% a valid reason, im talking about people actively HATING the character just because people liked her on 2.0 and are hyped for her, so they get angry at seeing her being relevant (something that happens everytime theres is a drip marketing)

Today we will get the second 2.3 character, and there will be people doing the same.
            That's understandable. It is a real issue and happens way more than it should
        The people that havent warmed up to her are not ""most"", they are the minority
            There are a lot of people who haven't warmed up to here wdym 💀 the people who have are just more loud, but mostly everyone agrees that we were forced to like her and that her story was rushed. It's why I had hoped in 2.2 we'd get her PoV and more focus on her to flesh her out, but from leaks >!It is clear we are not getting that. It's hard to care for a character you barely know!<
You are far from the only person who started their comment by "Genuine question but why do people like Firefly", so I'll quickly summarize and advice you to check other comments, sorry if I sound rough ;_; 

First she's the last Stellaron Hunter, if she survives Penacony, we have the crew ready to face Astral Express anytime if they don't work together. 

The romance between TB and Firefly may be forced for some that didn't want to have this for 75% of two updates, but Firefly seems to care about us as well, and we care about her too (depending on your choices). 

Also she's probably about to die because eof her Entropy Loss Syndrome. And she has ages of history since her kind fought the swarm
Yeah I totally forgot Blade as a destruction character lmao but yeah, I don't think I actually have any fire DPS now that I think about it... 

The closer I have to that is Indeed Himeko or TB with his good weakness damage. 

That'll make a fine addition to my collection anyway
My friend talked to me about it haha, well I hope it won't be the case, Mihoyo seems to be aware they can't do a Dehya
    I mean, Dehya was hyped about as much as Firefly
    After being with Mihoyo now for 3+ years, I have another opinion, but they didn't do such stunts in HSR. So i guess we are at least "safe".
Well the reaction if they drop the ball is unpredictable. 

However, there is no doubt what will happen if they succeed. 

So I guess they know what to do
    Eh, we’ve seen this happen before - the likely reactions are pretty predictable. Folks will be mad, the subreddits will be full of complaint threads and cope, and after a week or two things calm down and life goes on.

We saw it with Dehya, we saw it with Jing Yuan (back when he was mid) etc

The only time things didn’t follow the usual pattern was with Zhongli, and that was because nationalism came into play. There’s no nationalistic element with Firefly, so that’s not going to be a factor here
        I won't talk for Dehya but for Jing Yuan I didn't remember his marketing to be as huge as Firefly? 

Well... He got an animated video... Not bad at all haha, but Xianzhou luofu is still the least liked world of star rail so it might explain as well
[You remember Sam spamming emotes with Blades phone? ](https://youtu.be/EIY4-NRhxLw?si=2_lz0unz6yONoYdG)
    I have no idea about this one since I don't have blade. Or i might just missed it out. Even a rumors about SAM firefly i didn't know about that until 2.1 story. I might be blessed from all the spoiled
I don't know about that if she's mid, I think it's impossible to predict what will happen if she's mid 

But if she's top, there's no doubt about it
Yeahhh kinda still scared about her being destruction. Who else is a good destruction beside Jing Liu and DHIL?

Wish it will be the third good destruction.

Edit: I forgot Blade

https://preview.redd.it/dxy9oh7af8wc1.jpeg?width=1170&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=069b0b25a90d41a8ae423dcd2d07319aa246349c
You can think of it that way, I just wanted to share my thoughts. 

And it kinda makes me feel funny that when I make an essay about how Acheron's purpose is to remember and become the new Aeon, it gets 50 upvotes but when I say Firefly gotta be great, I get 800 upvotes lmao
Hoyoverse releases the character cards for 2.3 in English beforehand.
I still find it hard to believe Kafka is mid when dot team is the most popular team with mono quantum, Jing Liu and Acheron lmao
    Yeah it boggles my mind the way some people decide what is "mid" lol
That's funny because everyone is thinking something totally different, so I guess we will see how it goes
Shaoji and another woman that wrote the stories of Honkai impact... Yeah, we can trust them. They brought us Elysia.
Well don't take it personally but I've barely never seen so much hate about her, or people saying "idc about her" before making this post lmao, you can check the comments. 

So... No, you're far from the only one. 

I don't know if it is a majority or a loud minority thou
I don't know if it is people not being as excited for her or a loud minority, 

As long as I keep getting Fanarts of her I won't mind
At least that's what I "hope" for them.
Penacony is still not over, and what matters is the story anyway. And the story, ignoring some part of Xianzhou luofu, was always great
Tbh I try to look at everything since sometimes I see good things, and I just wanted to share the records Firefly broke within 6 hours haha 

And even people trashtalking her for attentions or because they actually don't like her, sometimes they say things that are interesting. Are they a majority or a loud minority is another matter
also I feel she and her fans have taken away from SAM.
Someone mentioned that Firefly ult animation being greater than Acheron
https://preview.redd.it/m1m0t4j98awc1.jpeg?width=482&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6171ccdb65222f2d92f85fd8313919972bd909b4
Baizhu was never a fan favourite -and I am someone who loved him since he showed up in 1.0. His subreddit was comparable to xinyan's...and she is nowhere near a favourite. 

Even compared to Scaramouche, who had a similar situation, there was an abyss between the two in term of popualrity. And Scaramouche himself, while having a very dedicated fan base (also part of that since he showed up), also had a looot of haters due to being a Harbinger.



Meanwhile the hsr fandom is obssessed with Firefly.
Baizhu was never a fan favorite, TF you talking about?
The fact original logo is still there. Bro really saw the "March or Firefly" and went "Both"

Respect
How do you do that?
    There’s a shortcut app in iOS.
        Name?
            shortcut
                Oh, just like that, I'll check it out
Answer your texts please
If you're a guy with 429 texts then holy shit
https://preview.redd.it/zjetypkug8wc1.jpeg?width=1124&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=07737632bdf02d298a70c13794f8f762322589ad
    Someone needs to make an og firefly meme, seeing this nasty AI one always scares me a bit. Kinda like a jump scare
        Didn't know this was AI till now. The hands didn't even look *that* wierd.
            I'm telling you bruh, I got that spider sense for AI stuff. Shit creeps me out. Look at the clothes too, she doesn't wear that. It's creepy lookin'
The power of being the girlfriend.

https://preview.redd.it/jpsxs1ut48wc1.jpeg?width=792&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=dea1565ce20a04de067d09b5d164c033764b4655
    Source ? What the f 💀
        I tried reverse image searching but couldn’t find the og artist but the image itself is based of a Jujutsu Kaisen scene
            Based on the part of the opening where >!Toji overtook the medium!<, which happens after Choso has a breakdown about his true brahza.
                The medium? You mean >!a domain expansion!<? 

And I mean technically it happened after the breakdown, lol, it also happens after the Nanamin thirst shot where he beat the crap outta the dude with the handsword.
                    In the opening
        It’s a redraw of the frame where Toji from JJK enters Dagon’s beach episode before molest him with his long thick rod
remember that time when Sparkle thought Firefly was March? lol
Oh, Miss March! Don’t you remember me? After all the favors I did for you all in Belobog?
https://preview.redd.it/hu1ec2l1i8wc1.jpeg?width=382&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8ca2487e9824d660ae09c090b1393407e2145ae3
*Processing img ueb55t68z7wc1...*

Trapped her with one of those traps.

In marchs case it was a new camera.
    If you know march you know that Firefly just put a pitcher of juice
March is probably crying in the corner
This just makes me excited for what they’ll cook for March when it’s her turn in the spotlight.
We have made it. March 9th
Me too. If there were a few leaks about it like Acheron's it might have been more exciting to look forward to it. Unfortunately, we have nothing.
    Yeah Kiana expy is always the last of the trio (Kiana, Mei, Bronya) to be released and they keep it really secretive. For Genshin, it might take a long time for a Kiana expy to be released there after Bronya the Tsaritsa is released. In HSR, we now have Mei and Bronya (both petite and tall versions of Bronya like in HI3). Please MiHoYo don't make us wait YEARS for Kiana 😭

I kind of get why they don't want to release her too early in Genshin and HSR because she's the daughter of MiHoYo, the first character to be made in their first game, FlyMe2theMoon.
        We don't even know if the archon is gonna look like Bronya. Everyone thought we were gonna get a Himeko expy with Murata but the leaked design does not look like her at all
            I really love the leaked concept design though. It’s so radically different and looks very fun!

I was expecting to see a boring, stereotypical tribal woman, so festive carnivalesque girl was a lovely surprise
        At this point Kate Kaslana is scraped. Genshin was barely connected to Honkai and at this point it’s its own thing.
        I sort of thought the Unknown God or Paimon was the Kiana Expy?
It's gonna be Frebass (copium)
Plot twist: Kiana is Pom-Pom.
Ah yes, Pom-Pom
    A strange way to spell "Hanu".
        Hmmph!
            100 points, that was a *cool* grunt. Man, that was so cool.
                So cool.
    Weird way to spell March 7th
[removed]
    It's fcking henshin aren't it. It has to be.
        I’d very much assume it is at this point. We still haven’t seen her put on the armor, only take it off, so I hope they go full Iron Man with her and give her a hyper detailed transformation.
        It's going to be rider kick with all the lava effect isn't it? I don't want anything less
        I actually want either the henshin to be the passive or she has two ult so she can have that ground slam in her kit
    Where is this leak?, also how the fuck do you surpass acherons Ult
        https://preview.redd.it/dcky4ngbk7wc1.jpeg?width=445&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=250c72d8407975acdf31259575f2188fccaa1702
            hiiii\~
                WHY CAN I HEAR IT!!!
        On HSRLeaks reddit. A very reputable leaker from CN stated that her ultimate animation is very luxurious (It cost them a lot of money to make).
        Just some passerby rumour. Basically no thing concrete, just a dude came out and said she has high effort animations then dip. It’s as credible as me saying “there’s a 6* Welt in the work” at this point
I guess we're not getting a playable Elio? lol
    So soon without a single visual of him except a cat... Yeah. 

But a cat can be a character though
        I think I would E6 Elio if his playable model was just \*cat\*
        The Hanu mode was just the proving grounds for Elio
        that would be awesome, actually, and probably doable
        A [playable] cat is fine, too
            They had playable peppy, so a playable cat should be fine right?
Isn't Ellio is the last Stellaron Hunter, that we still didn't see
    I don't count Elio for 2 reasons:

-They seem way more important than the other Stellaron Hunters and clearly doesn't play on the same field

-If I count Elio then we will wait probably 2 years to know who Elio is lol
She's not the last, we'll still have Élio
I don't think she's gonna pull Acheron numbers, but she certainly has a lot of hype around her.
    At least she brutalized the records on popularity on twitter, but yeah, hard to make a character stronger than Acheron atm. However she's a fire DPS, we don't have a lot of that whereas Lightning DPS is very common. 

Acheron got the attention of both people that love stories and people interested in the meta, and what's sure is that she got everyone's attention in the story. As a very rare Fire DPS, it her kit is good, she could also be very expected
        Fire DPS is certainly a new gameplay experience.
            I love you Himeko but... Yeah,
Oof, yeah, I wasn't expecting them to go as hard as they did on Acheron, and they gave him tons of love in the story itself. But it definitely felt pretty underwhelming compared to the trailers etc. that BW/Sparkle/Acheron got.
That’s true for his short trailers but not for his demo trailer. That one was amazing. I was expecting something like Daniels trailer after having an entire story patch to him just like DHIL, so i was surprised that wasn’t the case.
Nah they know the story and trial gameplay already sold the character. The trailers are just additional snack.
The demo trailer absolutely was anything but this. Obviously not as hype as Acheron's, considering the difference in anticipation between them, but they didn't slack off on the last trailer before his banner dropped.
Yeah like sampo but much straight forward.
    Just Fools things
Apparently CN are very meta focused and dont like dot so when her best partner at the time was Sampo they rated her that low. Now after Black Swan is out Kafka stonks have definitely gone up but im pretty sure they still dont like dot as a play style, I think Black Swan revenue in CN was on the lower end

A shame coz their designs are well loved and in terms of media Kafka dominates a lot of the space, in terms of meta DoT is fun asf but I guess it will be a playstyle that doesnt appeal to some. Im addicted to it though
    DOT is legit my favourite and best team - I need kafka
        It's also super versatile. Everyones talking about different modes needing different teams, and I kinda just throw my Kafka dot team at whatever and it 3 stars effortlessly. (except SD and GnG, still trying to figure out how not to get bodied in those)
            If you want to run dot in those you basically need two things: the Nihility blessing where Suspicion stacks debuff the enemy’s attack, and as many defensive blessings as you can get from other Paths. The play is to let IX carry your damage output while the team focuses on keeping Kafka alive to keep detonating DoTs.
                I like the "dots heal the party" and "dots regenerate energy" blessings. Then there are the "dots trigger one extra time" and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas. 

With a team of Kafka, BS, and RM Kafka's ultimate can hit for over 1 million by the end of the run.
                    Those are great too, but the main issue in Difficulty V SD or high Conundrum GnG isn’t how high your damage numbers are— it’s how easily you get one-shot. Granted, you also do need high damage because of anti-stall mechanics, but I’ve lost way more runs because the boss snuck a turn in at phase transition and obliterated Kafka than because I hit the berserk timer even with all four characters alive
                        Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
                        True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
                    > and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas.

It's hitting an enemy, weakness broken or not, triggers a random DoT on them

You're getting it confused with the "hitting weakness broken enemies has a 75% base chance to inflict either a wind shear, bleed, shock, or burn DoT for 2 turns"

The random DoT trigger blessing is actually kind of mediocre compared to a lot of Nihility blessings given that it basically winds triggering only one DoT out of the 7+ that enemies will have.

I suppose it's kind of better now that it can provide Black Swan with an extra Arcana stack on each of your support and sustainers' actions.

The "inflict same weakness break on adjacent enemies" or "chance to inflict random dot on weakness broken enemy" are probably stronger. Assuming you get a relevant weakness on the boss.
            My go-to team is a modification of my trusty dot team. I run E0S1 Kafka, E1S1 Black Swan, and E0S1 Acheron. I usually use Luocha as an SP battery with free heals as well. That team absolutely annihilates anything I throw it against haha.
    sampo isnt bad tho, is this a waifu thing?
        He’s a rat!
            https://preview.redd.it/v1jgom22j8wc1.jpeg?width=228&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c52decc1ee2fa666433b39e9db16514ad543e901
    Weird lol. Even before Black Swan, I ran Kafka Sampo, Kafka Luka, and even Kafka hypercarry and she slapped to hard. It takes a fraction of the effort to build her compared to someone like Jingliu

with Black Swan and Ruan Mei, she is a complete cheat code. Imagine having to match enemy's weakness and play around blessings. Just hit them with the fourty quintillion cancers
        Odd comparison, Jingliu is extremely easy and forgiving to build.
        Yeah, I pulled Kafka because "hm maybe it would be fun to try a DoT team sometime" and honestly Kafka+Sampo was already quite a strong combo.  (I imagine Kafka+Luka would be amazing against elites and bosses, too.)

Then I pulled Black Swan, and the triple Nihility squad just deletes their way through the Simulated Universe even with a sustain instead of Ruan Mei.  (And now I'm catching myself wondering if the right blessing combo could allow me to get away with not running a sustain at all.  I know there's one that gives you a bit of HP when enemies take damage from DoT...)

The only problem is that if I want to do MoC/PF, it's hard to build a second team that can keep up.  But improving my roster will always be a work in process.
            The right blessings in Sim Universe can definitely erase the need for sustain. I still bring Gepard because why not, but sometime I can one tick Yanqing with Black Swan + Kafka. With the combo of healing on dot dealing damage and Abundance, the only time you actually need Sustian is on higher levels of GnG
In case anybody is confused by this radioactive take. This user is referencing this Pokke img

https://preview.redd.it/mdh2mjn7v7wc1.png?width=1042&format=png&auto=webp&s=991e9876a3ad1bb0b7cf3b924a5917d3d4f680c7

 This is old shit, Kafka needed E1 for universal Proc

 But the conclusion was 10/10 if you want DOT, 2/10 if you don't. RADIOACTIVE TAKE OMG.
    New player here, my E0 kafka has never failed to trigger the DOT with her E. That said, it fails to register as debuff for Acheron sometimes, does that count?
    A LOT of bad takes and people retro actively shitting on TCs is a game of telephone.

TC says "they're good with X, bad with Y"

CCs hear "bad with Y"

Players hear "bad".
    Well yeah if you dont care about dot she will suck. That makes sense.
That’s crazy to me lol, the Chinese TCs truly live in their own world
    I don’t disagree but since China’s playerbase ranks characters based on meta, they are bound to have such opinions. When 1.2 dropped all I saw in bilibili and Weibo about Kafka was that she was pretty, but dot is a niche she plays into (considering all we had for dot was Sampo and Serval, who was not officially a dot unit. There was also Asta and Hook with their burn, but the former was considered good for the spd buff, and the latter was disregarded). 

Obviously now we have more dot units and Kafka turned into a character that can enable this previously ‘niche’ playstyle
    To be fair, up until a late stage of the beta, you needed e1 for her skill to be able to detonate DoTs that weren't her own and she was far more dependant on Serval for extending her DoT as her FuA didn't apply it
    Well, they are better than all global players, like chinese and jp players are usually just better, so I won't make fun of them for it
    Not that wild if they base it solely after meta impact. Now personally I can't imagine Kafka not being seen as incredibly meta at any point in time, but what do I know
Yeah, I kinda got soft spoiled on both her 'death' and that she was Sam so I was just enjoying the pretty images while those bits played out to me. I think that is a big reason that I never got attached to her. She has a cute design but I met her knowing she was going to die so didn't care too much and then learned she was not really dead so didn't surprise me.
I wasn’t too stunned because I suspected she was Sam, but when we saw Sam alive again it was certainly a “wait, what?” moment…

Now the Gallagher thing actually caught me off guard. I didn’t think he was the murderer (I wasn’t really invested enough to solve the murder mystery), but I knew something was very wrong with him. “He’s so normal!” Yeah. *Sure.* I *definitely* believe you.
Also in a way people obsessed with spoils also made her people more impatient to have her released as socialy you couldn't talk much about her. So at the end it's a little bit like a bottle of champain too. Most of people KNEW, most of people COULDNT talk about it, but now it's fine you can scream "FIREFLY IS SAM" and nobody can complain about it.
    I can understand that we don't want to tell everything about it, but... Some stories are great because of the expectations they built.

[An article talked about the impact of spoils on the appreciation of a work.](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/51571027_Story_Spoilers_Don't_Spoil_Stories)

I don't say we should spoil everything but giving some key points that could lead us to expect things makes us way more eager to see what will happen. 

So yeah, a bottle of Champaign
        Eh. My experience is that generally story spoilers do ruin the experience, regardless of what someone in im ivory tower is telling me I feel about spoilers. I felt nothing when han solo died despite him being one of my favorite characters because I knew he was gonna die. And with the firefly reveal I felt absolutely nothing upon seeing her again despite literally crying when she got stabbed and seemed dead. I know for a fact I'd have felt at least some confusion or excitement or something if I hadn't accidentally found those story leaks while trying to find character release leaks to plan my jade spend.  Spoilers absolutely ruin the first experience of a story, and by doing so they ruin the subsequent re-encounters with a story because they are often highly reliant on nostalgia for that first experience to feel meaningful whatsoever. Without a good first experience, most stories aren't even worth rereading, rewatching or replaying.
            OOT but I deleted the star wars sequel so hard from my memory that it took me a while re-reading that 'Han Solo dies' line and thinking 'what.. he gets put in carabonite but later he is fine...?'
        Story spoilers have a different impact than that article suggests though. The impact of knowing what's about to happen absolutely kills a person's desire to consume the story.
        Welp I got spoiled that the mc will also have a path of Harmony. I mean I know that all paths are gonna be available for mc but c'mon I got spoiled for the story.
Story plot and shockinv revelation that I've been anticipating to keep me playing the game but it kill my mood.
            Again, spoilers don't **Necessarily** spoil the story. It depends what to spoil.
The issue is that HYV can’t fuck this up. I know in the past they did fuck up with ending a story. Please not here.
For some people, like me, a small spoiler just enhances the story. Or barely matters.   
People take spoilers a bit way too seriously. 

  
Luv Muv Extra was good to me only because I knew the twist.   
On the plus side, knowing the plot of the second part of Inazuma barely mattered to me.
There was also was research into spoilers that suggested spoilers increase enjoyment. As much as people claim to hate them, that's not what researchers have apparently found.


I never read the paper thou. I just have seen it mentioned before. 
    Tbh it just depends on what you leak to others, controlled leaks are way better
Don't you put that evil on me
I feel like while Dehya's kit wasnt bad on paper. The way it was implemented in Genshin was just pretty bad. I mean with how open space there is you really just need decent reaction times and youll be fine. You dont need a character like Dehya in that game. HSR has shown that Dehya's kit can work in Fu Xuan basically, so whatever they can come with for Firefly should be fine and able to work well
    The thing is that she's bad not only because of her kit, but also because of bad damage multipliers, her ultimate attacks are not considered basic attacks, and her resistance to interruption only lasts like half the time of her skill. So they literally made her bad on purpose.

And what I meant is that she was super hyped by the community, but she still ended up being bad. So I don't want to keep my hopes that high for Firefly, even if I already know that I'll pull for her and use her, just like I did with Dehya.
        Don't worry Firefly has white skin her kit will be alright.

I still am upset about Dehya. 100% of her problems could be solved by changing numbers, her kit itself is good, but she has half uptime and dmg it should in every part of her kit.
            I barely work with Unity since my college day. Give me the documentation and three days with the project files, and I can give you a Dehya with a coherent kit.

Give me 1 month and a programmer who know what they're doing, she'll be at least a Hutao tier.

80% of Dehya's problem is in her numbers abd the way things are tagged. Those can be fixed in an afternoon if you know your way around the project.
                She would be a good char with small number and text changes:

E trigger changed to 1.25s from 2.5s (this would allow her to be a burgeon trigger at c0)

Casting E2 refreshes the field uptime (Making it 100% uptime if the players times it right)

A1 infinite poise lasts as long as her field

Q cost reduced to 50 and increased HP% multiplier

Boom good char. Targeting problems is something that affects all characters so it's not a Dehya problem
                    My first direction for her is to make her a vape subdps sustain hybrid. Not the most innovative, but she will work. I hasn't played genshin in a while so i don't remember what is needed to make Burgeon work.

E: Reduce damage taken. 100% of the damage that the character do take is redirected to Dehya instead. If Dehya is on field, double the damage reduction.

Q: Now counts as Normal Attack. Final Hit is Plunge Attack. Gains amping crit rate buff as Dehya takes damage, maxing out when she is at like 50/20. When she cast it, Dehya either rapidly regenerate hp or life steal a portion of the damage she deals with her ult.. If E is on field, refresh E duration and make it travel with her. 

You put your main DPS on field and do your rotation with them, taking damage as you go along. The damage is transferred to Dehya, then you switch to her and punch back up.

E2 gives ramping crit damage along with crit rate. E6 gives her 100% uptime on her burst, making her an onfield dps
        Yea, my biggest issue with Dehya is it felt like her numbers were all tuned to specifically not work. Her Poise falls off, her pyro application was too slow, she doesn't really do damage, can't even quickswap burst because of that last point, mitigation still needs a healer so its weaker then either a healer or shielder, no content in the game even requires the role...

HSR and Genshin do have different teams though so I'm not all doom and gloom for Firefly, but of course I could be wrong. My opinions for HSR's team when it comes to kit design is a lot higher then it is for genshin.
    Dehya's kit has potential, but they went out of their way to make it bad.

Reducing the follow-up attack recast of her skill to 1s, making the 100% interruption resistance part of her skill instead of a separate talent, increasing her multipliers overall and doubling the damage of her ult while adding a party wide lifesteal to it would make her very desirable.
    Any kit can turned good or bad depending on numbers.

She had very bad numbers and that's all there is to it.
    > I feel like while Dehya's kit wasnt bad on paper

It is bad on paper. Multiple 5 stars don't even lose their ult if they swap, *let alone jump*. Kokomi doesn't lose her burst if she jumps cause that would make 0 sense. Dehya does.
This is my fear.
Fortunately for us we are playing HSR here kek
Yeah I got somewhat bored playing genshin because of that since it just means that they can just fuck whatever character you like and be done with it. I'd imagine we'd have a zhongli situation again if they ever did screw up on firefly's kit lol
The new Fu Hua in Honkai Impact really reminded me of her. And made me a little sad
The only time Mihoyo did something was with Zhongli and only when CN was close to report Mihoyo for being anti patriotic for making  the archon of genshin's China to be weak, they tried to do the same with Raiden Shogun and failed since she is not of chinese origin.
    Fuck commies lol
    She also just wasn't a bad character and people were over reacting. 


Also mhy did something with yae Mike, the community just hated mhys changes so they reverted it. 


Mhy just knows most players are reactionary and most 'underwhelming characters' are just the community over reacting. Except is zhongli and dehya. 
I'm already looking at rentals for trucks with giant screens on them.
Really wished her basic attack used the gun from her trailer instead of a kick though.
    Honestly I like both. The kick is nice and she has really good movement in her trailer, plus we have a handful of ranged shots anyways especially for harmony characters like bronya, yukong, ruan mei and asta.
Here I am with the complete opposite opinion. Huge fan of Sparkle, but found her trailer to be incredibly pretentious. I cringe every time I hear "I am Elation" and watch her shoot herself. It will not be hard for Firefly to surpass that.
    I don't particularly care for the "I am Elation" line but I like the OST and editing, plus how it overall conveys her type of character REALLY well with the chaotic nature of it.
considering blade and kafka had like no1 character trailers for a long time (not counting bailu since she got inflated by ads) i think theyre not gonna fumble on firefly
Only people who own Blade will have ever seen that text unless they saw it online.
...no I don't remember that 😅
    Check the video lol
        Haha okay I see
What is with the X.5 characters being disappointing to some of the player base? I don’t think Eula, Yae, Dehya, or Chiori had the best reception lol.
    They call it a curse because usually X.5 is also the most lacking of any content. This comment actually made me remember I even had a Eula to begin with…
I still remember that "damage" showcase that gained traction on the main sub, where the player wasn't even conecting the turrets, people on that comment section were doomposting her so much because of that.
a “weird hard-on?” my guy it’s a tall shirtless man with muscles, thats about as weird as liking a big boobs Kafka mommy
> Why do we care about sales again?

As they put it in genshin back then, people are obsessed with the “kpop-ification” of games, or more generally, stan culture. I still find it p.bizaare tbh. Somehow people think it’s a personal achievement for them if mihoeyo earns millions of dollars lmao.
Acheron isnt the only one with "constraints" into her kit really, imbibitor lunae and QQ to perform really well are very dependent on sparkle, which is even more restrictive than acheron, as it's a single unit (if you dont have her, their value drops significantly) unlike 1 class (nihility) which may bring more variety. Then Jingliu really wants a healer (or even someone like fuxuan mini heals could work), or she will end killing her team if the fight isnt very short.
    So Imbibitor and QQ didn't performed well before Sparkle? That's a spicy take right there.

 As as Imbibitor enjoyer, that's cap. If you said TY, i'd understand but Sparkle is simply comfier.

 But nevermind that, i don't think any of the cases you just gave are comparable to someone who's double Nihility team are 2 cycles slower than the Harmony-Nihility in MoC data.
Incorrect. Just as many if not more people were saving for Acheron, Firefly etc. People who save don't affect banner sales, people who whale do, and 2 patches of saving won't matter to whales. Same with Sparkle. They have absolutely no effect on banner sales.

This being said, no one but hoyo has the actual sales data and every "banner sales" post we get are guesstimates and not solid data. Only Hoyo knows how well they did.
CoD didn't kill Titanfall, EA releasing it right between CoD and Battlefield did.
    Basically the studio that wanted to make a futuristic fps video game eventually left Activision (they were formerly infinity ward, and they got scammed by the CEO)  to make Respawn with EA. 

However, Activision knew exactly what Titanfall 2 was supposed to look like. So instead of letting Respawn make their futuristic game with jetpacks and grapnel, so people know about it and they lose their privileged spot of number 1 fps studio, they lazily copied the idea and released 3 futuristic fps games with grapnel and jetpacks (Advanced warfare, BO3 and Infinity warfare). 

So since Cod is more popular, they will make Titanfall 2 looks like another random futuristic game. And consequently Titanfall 2 was led to flop. 

It might not be the only reason, but it surely is the biggest reason imo
    EA didn't choose to release it between CoD and Battlefield, Respawn did. Respawn's leadership at the time had huge egos (they probably still do tbh) and they were confident that their game wouldn't be affected by it's release date.
That depends on the person's taste, to me the only thing better than a black hole is two black holes.
    Acheron got 2 black holes
    That's why you play her with Welt
Tbf art,i.e. ult animation can be pretty subjective so we will have to wait out and see.
    Who's art,i.e.?
        I meant art , i.e. is an abbreviation of Id est which is Latin for "that is". It's a common phrase you might come across if you are a science student.
No leaks = don't believe in shit
    Faith is not about believing in what you see, but believing despite what you see
Ok I didn't know about the VA, that actually explains so much alone.
    Her JP was Setsuna Yuki in Love Live but had to quit it due to her health issues back in 2023.
        Oh that makes even more sense. Not sure why I was down voted though, but thanks for the context!
            Np. Some salty ppl tend to down vote for no reason dw about it.
She is popular because she is "sweet and loveable" aka waifu bait. Lonely dudes get easily attached and call her their gf. 

I mean, you go on a date (or at least the game is very happy to call it that), she brings you to her super secret special spot and trauma dumps on you that she is dying from a magic space cancer while sappy music plays in the background.

The only thing that would make it more obvious if she was like: "UwU I love you Trailblazer."
When we were following her around with Acheron and Black Swan, Firefly kept talking to soemone she called "Mecha". I think that's probably who we know as SAM.

Like...SAM/Mecha is the suit (the weird little thing she was holding in her hand in the drip marketing artwork). For the Suit to take the appearance we know she probably needs to go henshin. Both SAM/Mecha and Firefly need eachother to exist probably. SAM/Mecha being male and Firefly obviously female.
    Very interesting. Thanks!
I’ll take the downvotes too. Her character story just feels rushed, and us having to like her feels very forced. She’s hard carried by that rooftop scene, and that’s the only relevant thing with her until 2.1 where the Sam reveal was. But she just hasn’t…really done much? But people are so attached to her and hyping her up. I have no doubt she’ll be a good character but I think the hype isn’t deserved as of right now.

I also feel as though people formed a weird parasocial relationship with her, as if she was actually their girlfriend lol. Reminds me a lot of Furina from Genshin Impact
    Pretty much. She is not a bad character by herself, but it's probably the most explicit waifubait I've seen in ages considering how all the moments you had together were explicitly treated as a date with the game lowkey forcing you to care about her.
    I agree. She hasn't really done or said much, and it feels very forced to like her. She appears, and then immediately the story makes it feel like a love at first sigh thing

I appreciate that later, we find out that it was all a plan of hers to guide us towards the watchmakers legacy in a more direct way, as stated by Sam. But the absurdly massive amount of "best girl" posts, ships, and overwhelming love for the character makes me feel out of place since I just simply like her instead of OMG
    I think this is really a big difference in how different parts of fandom work.

Some parts of fandom build hype for a character based on what's shown in the work proper and the objective facts.  So assuming Firefly has a bigger role in 2.2+ (which seems inevitable), perhaps then they'll appreciate her for who she is.  (What we saw in 2.0 was clearly just a "prologue," and the "real story" will be what happens next.  Given her place in the Stellaron Hunters, she also seems likely to be a recurring character as well.)

But other parts of fandom build hype by filling in the gaps between what's shown with their imagination.  So even though Firefly until now had a sort of brief, rushed, and canonically minor role in the grand scheme of things (which she herself calls out, leaning on the fourth wall), the mystery of what could happen given the premise of her character allows people to come up with all sorts of ideas that take on lives of their own.   This is the same side of fandom that "shippers" come from, being used to create fandom around the smallest "crumbs" of lore and canon suggestion.  The fanart community is also pretty adjacent to this space, and Firefly has spawned a *lot* of fanart considering her otherwise rather minor overall role.  If the canon story even in the patches ahead ends up leaving gaps in the development of Firefly's character, the fandom will no doubt fill it with their own extrapolations (and if they're smart, the writers will leave just enough crumbs to serve as the fuel) -- this is basically what happened with Furina, as you mentioned.  And yeah, for Firefly, the fact there's been this long wait until the confirmation of her banner gave people a lot of time to dream/speculate about how things might play out, which in turn built up the hype among those who were waiting.

So all this to say... in a weird way, the fact that she *didn't* get properly developed back in 2.0 (but they left lots crumbs for people to speculate on/extrapolate) is what has created the hype gap in the meantime.  We'll see if the developers can capitalize on this in 2.2+.
I will take on the downvotes and the shitstorm but man I don’t even like firefly at all. Like I talked to her once and I found her bland and boring. I zoned out during her quest for sure. I dont understand how the mc is so heartbroken by her death and “betrayal”. Like bro we talked once I dont care about you at all 😭
I actually really like her but it feels like everyone's like omg our girlfriends back were gonna hug and kiss and everything's happy!!!

ima guess peeps are gonna be sorely disappointed, our whole relationship was built on a lie. There was no romantic, fated encounter. Things will probs be pretty icy/conflicting.  Like even go back to the balcony, the interact dialogue changed in 2.1 to us feeling hurt and betrayed. Even if her feelings for us mightve been genuine (i think they were), her #1 goal was still to manipulate us from the start

I could be totally wrong but I really don't think it's gonna be just *yay our waifu is back!* At best its gonna be bittersweet like kafka
It's mostly because she made an emotional connection with the trailblazer in 2.0, and pair that with her being a mysterious stellaron hunter. I'm also in the neutral stance camp for the time being but it's not hard to see why she's so popular.
I'll try my hardest.
    Yes. I did it with Kafka and JL. I love them for their gameplay, but the fandom just irks me. Will do the same for Firefly. Just can’t not pull mecha-girl.
I mean, the community experience can be a part of whether you find smth enjoyable, and that's not wrong.
she’s very polarizing because she’s pretty shameless waifu bait with little else going for her (as of now, fingers crossed). Either you love that or you hate it, very little in between.
    oh! I see. yeah I can get that then
I don't understand your confusion.
    I just know nothing about firefly so I was a bit confused about the polarization. what I get for not doing penacony to understand the strong reactions, both positive and negative
        Well, you'll understand when you play, any explanation would be spoilerful. She's a central character of Penacony
Istg, people see a guy chara with girl and go talk about serious canon accusations of them being romantic couple. Things ive read here are just crazy sometimes xd
    Nah that's just shippers in general my friend. Remember how Acheron and Black Swan merely looked at each other and the fan base declared it Canon (before the trailers), same with Chloride and Navia in Genshin.
        I mean, I don't mind people shipping stuff, i do myself, but to lowkey say it's intended romantic or canon is vile lol
    Also funny that prior to Firefly, most peeps already settled of Stelle being the "canon TB" just like how Aether is in Genshin, due to how much of TB's troll and dumpster diving shenanigans fits her better than him... then things go 180 and now suddenly, Caelus became the more favored  TB because of Firefly alone
        Yeah. I already saw some comments about how Stelle and Firefly are like sisters while Caelus and Firefly are canon couple even though they are the same character 🤦‍♂️
            It's even more annoying when it's mixed with "wholesome" messages. Like i remember this one guy who started with the whole "Stelle and Firefly look like cute sisters While Caelus and her are a cute couple!" with fricking heart emojis and stuff and when someone asked why Stelle and Firefly cannot be a couple they dropped that gooey stuff and started calling people "twitter freaks". They ripped that mask off like immediately.
            imagine how they will react if either got siblingzoned...
            People honestly really tell on themselves when they say that
        Lol true! And here i am just silently waiting for my Sunday, man...
Maybe it was just me but there was quite a bit with March 7th early on since her and the TB were basically glued to the hip in Belobog.
    She left them when they got involved with Ten-Lords Commission and Ruan Mei tho
        More so that out of the Astral Express crew March is by far the closest to the TB, especially given how they share a single brain cell between them lol.
            I just prefer the trio are together again... not just TB going on their own and collecting bitches
                They need to let Dan Heng out the room, dudes a shut in at this point
                    Once Penacony is over, i hope our Cold Dragon Boi will be back in action
                    Wlell he haven't grab his break time yet since Xianzhou is his break time and he was dragged into it due to Blade. He deserves this break time
I didn't get that neither. I was always neutral towards her
    Same. I hope 2.2 or 2.3 will make me like the character, because so far idc much about her.
same, i thought sam looked badass. im sure they did it for a silly reason like not having to make a new overworld skeleton for giant  sam's animations
A fellow, disappointed, brother. 

I always hoped that they were 2 different characters or that Firefly was just a sort of hologram and not a real person. 

Also, I find Firefly design very bland.
Well according to the community it isn't

I personally like dehya tho
    Once I pulled her (I pulled straight C2 without signature on her banner), I effectively used her in overworld and abyss up until this patch (sadly, I had to choose which Furina team should go in and Gaming team won).
        I don't have her sadly and everytime I lose 50-50 I hope I it's dehya but she never came home
            I got her every second lost 50/50 and this patch I finally got C6.
I wish my Dehyaluck will now come to you.
Yeah the ult is like Acheron I heard. I was just thinking about the multipliers
Elio is the last Stellaron Hunter we haven't encountered yet, not Firefly.
Ok that actually makes a lot more sense and makes me want to go back and rewatch some scenes. Thank you very much for the explanation!
Most people have a reason. Her story was rushed and felt a tad bit too forced and that’s why most people haven’t warmed up to her
    Dont get me wrong thats 100% a valid reason, im talking about people actively HATING the character just because people liked her on 2.0 and are hyped for her, so they get angry at seeing her being relevant (something that happens everytime theres is a drip marketing)

Today we will get the second 2.3 character, and there will be people doing the same.
        That's understandable. It is a real issue and happens way more than it should
    The people that havent warmed up to her are not ""most"", they are the minority
        There are a lot of people who haven't warmed up to here wdym 💀 the people who have are just more loud, but mostly everyone agrees that we were forced to like her and that her story was rushed. It's why I had hoped in 2.2 we'd get her PoV and more focus on her to flesh her out, but from leaks >!It is clear we are not getting that. It's hard to care for a character you barely know!<
I mean, Dehya was hyped about as much as Firefly
After being with Mihoyo now for 3+ years, I have another opinion, but they didn't do such stunts in HSR. So i guess we are at least "safe".
Eh, we’ve seen this happen before - the likely reactions are pretty predictable. Folks will be mad, the subreddits will be full of complaint threads and cope, and after a week or two things calm down and life goes on.

We saw it with Dehya, we saw it with Jing Yuan (back when he was mid) etc

The only time things didn’t follow the usual pattern was with Zhongli, and that was because nationalism came into play. There’s no nationalistic element with Firefly, so that’s not going to be a factor here
    I won't talk for Dehya but for Jing Yuan I didn't remember his marketing to be as huge as Firefly? 

Well... He got an animated video... Not bad at all haha, but Xianzhou luofu is still the least liked world of star rail so it might explain as well
I have no idea about this one since I don't have blade. Or i might just missed it out. Even a rumors about SAM firefly i didn't know about that until 2.1 story. I might be blessed from all the spoiled
Yeah it boggles my mind the way some people decide what is "mid" lol
There’s a shortcut app in iOS.
    Name?
        shortcut
            Oh, just like that, I'll check it out
Someone needs to make an og firefly meme, seeing this nasty AI one always scares me a bit. Kinda like a jump scare
    Didn't know this was AI till now. The hands didn't even look *that* wierd.
        I'm telling you bruh, I got that spider sense for AI stuff. Shit creeps me out. Look at the clothes too, she doesn't wear that. It's creepy lookin'
Source ? What the f 💀
    I tried reverse image searching but couldn’t find the og artist but the image itself is based of a Jujutsu Kaisen scene
        Based on the part of the opening where >!Toji overtook the medium!<, which happens after Choso has a breakdown about his true brahza.
            The medium? You mean >!a domain expansion!<? 

And I mean technically it happened after the breakdown, lol, it also happens after the Nanamin thirst shot where he beat the crap outta the dude with the handsword.
                In the opening
    It’s a redraw of the frame where Toji from JJK enters Dagon’s beach episode before molest him with his long thick rod
If you know march you know that Firefly just put a pitcher of juice
Yeah Kiana expy is always the last of the trio (Kiana, Mei, Bronya) to be released and they keep it really secretive. For Genshin, it might take a long time for a Kiana expy to be released there after Bronya the Tsaritsa is released. In HSR, we now have Mei and Bronya (both petite and tall versions of Bronya like in HI3). Please MiHoYo don't make us wait YEARS for Kiana 😭

I kind of get why they don't want to release her too early in Genshin and HSR because she's the daughter of MiHoYo, the first character to be made in their first game, FlyMe2theMoon.
    We don't even know if the archon is gonna look like Bronya. Everyone thought we were gonna get a Himeko expy with Murata but the leaked design does not look like her at all
        I really love the leaked concept design though. It’s so radically different and looks very fun!

I was expecting to see a boring, stereotypical tribal woman, so festive carnivalesque girl was a lovely surprise
    At this point Kate Kaslana is scraped. Genshin was barely connected to Honkai and at this point it’s its own thing.
    I sort of thought the Unknown God or Paimon was the Kiana Expy?
A strange way to spell "Hanu".
    Hmmph!
        100 points, that was a *cool* grunt. Man, that was so cool.
            So cool.
Weird way to spell March 7th
It's fcking henshin aren't it. It has to be.
    I’d very much assume it is at this point. We still haven’t seen her put on the armor, only take it off, so I hope they go full Iron Man with her and give her a hyper detailed transformation.
    It's going to be rider kick with all the lava effect isn't it? I don't want anything less
    I actually want either the henshin to be the passive or she has two ult so she can have that ground slam in her kit
Where is this leak?, also how the fuck do you surpass acherons Ult
    https://preview.redd.it/dcky4ngbk7wc1.jpeg?width=445&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=250c72d8407975acdf31259575f2188fccaa1702
        hiiii\~
            WHY CAN I HEAR IT!!!
    On HSRLeaks reddit. A very reputable leaker from CN stated that her ultimate animation is very luxurious (It cost them a lot of money to make).
    Just some passerby rumour. Basically no thing concrete, just a dude came out and said she has high effort animations then dip. It’s as credible as me saying “there’s a 6* Welt in the work” at this point
So soon without a single visual of him except a cat... Yeah. 

But a cat can be a character though
    I think I would E6 Elio if his playable model was just \*cat\*
    The Hanu mode was just the proving grounds for Elio
    that would be awesome, actually, and probably doable
    A [playable] cat is fine, too
        They had playable peppy, so a playable cat should be fine right?
I don't count Elio for 2 reasons:

-They seem way more important than the other Stellaron Hunters and clearly doesn't play on the same field

-If I count Elio then we will wait probably 2 years to know who Elio is lol
At least she brutalized the records on popularity on twitter, but yeah, hard to make a character stronger than Acheron atm. However she's a fire DPS, we don't have a lot of that whereas Lightning DPS is very common. 

Acheron got the attention of both people that love stories and people interested in the meta, and what's sure is that she got everyone's attention in the story. As a very rare Fire DPS, it her kit is good, she could also be very expected
    Fire DPS is certainly a new gameplay experience.
        I love you Himeko but... Yeah,
Just Fools things
DOT is legit my favourite and best team - I need kafka
    It's also super versatile. Everyones talking about different modes needing different teams, and I kinda just throw my Kafka dot team at whatever and it 3 stars effortlessly. (except SD and GnG, still trying to figure out how not to get bodied in those)
        If you want to run dot in those you basically need two things: the Nihility blessing where Suspicion stacks debuff the enemy’s attack, and as many defensive blessings as you can get from other Paths. The play is to let IX carry your damage output while the team focuses on keeping Kafka alive to keep detonating DoTs.
            I like the "dots heal the party" and "dots regenerate energy" blessings. Then there are the "dots trigger one extra time" and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas. 

With a team of Kafka, BS, and RM Kafka's ultimate can hit for over 1 million by the end of the run.
                Those are great too, but the main issue in Difficulty V SD or high Conundrum GnG isn’t how high your damage numbers are— it’s how easily you get one-shot. Granted, you also do need high damage because of anti-stall mechanics, but I’ve lost way more runs because the boss snuck a turn in at phase transition and obliterated Kafka than because I hit the berserk timer even with all four characters alive
                    Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
                    True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
                > and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas.

It's hitting an enemy, weakness broken or not, triggers a random DoT on them

You're getting it confused with the "hitting weakness broken enemies has a 75% base chance to inflict either a wind shear, bleed, shock, or burn DoT for 2 turns"

The random DoT trigger blessing is actually kind of mediocre compared to a lot of Nihility blessings given that it basically winds triggering only one DoT out of the 7+ that enemies will have.

I suppose it's kind of better now that it can provide Black Swan with an extra Arcana stack on each of your support and sustainers' actions.

The "inflict same weakness break on adjacent enemies" or "chance to inflict random dot on weakness broken enemy" are probably stronger. Assuming you get a relevant weakness on the boss.
        My go-to team is a modification of my trusty dot team. I run E0S1 Kafka, E1S1 Black Swan, and E0S1 Acheron. I usually use Luocha as an SP battery with free heals as well. That team absolutely annihilates anything I throw it against haha.
sampo isnt bad tho, is this a waifu thing?
    He’s a rat!
        https://preview.redd.it/v1jgom22j8wc1.jpeg?width=228&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c52decc1ee2fa666433b39e9db16514ad543e901
Weird lol. Even before Black Swan, I ran Kafka Sampo, Kafka Luka, and even Kafka hypercarry and she slapped to hard. It takes a fraction of the effort to build her compared to someone like Jingliu

with Black Swan and Ruan Mei, she is a complete cheat code. Imagine having to match enemy's weakness and play around blessings. Just hit them with the fourty quintillion cancers
    Odd comparison, Jingliu is extremely easy and forgiving to build.
    Yeah, I pulled Kafka because "hm maybe it would be fun to try a DoT team sometime" and honestly Kafka+Sampo was already quite a strong combo.  (I imagine Kafka+Luka would be amazing against elites and bosses, too.)

Then I pulled Black Swan, and the triple Nihility squad just deletes their way through the Simulated Universe even with a sustain instead of Ruan Mei.  (And now I'm catching myself wondering if the right blessing combo could allow me to get away with not running a sustain at all.  I know there's one that gives you a bit of HP when enemies take damage from DoT...)

The only problem is that if I want to do MoC/PF, it's hard to build a second team that can keep up.  But improving my roster will always be a work in process.
        The right blessings in Sim Universe can definitely erase the need for sustain. I still bring Gepard because why not, but sometime I can one tick Yanqing with Black Swan + Kafka. With the combo of healing on dot dealing damage and Abundance, the only time you actually need Sustian is on higher levels of GnG
New player here, my E0 kafka has never failed to trigger the DOT with her E. That said, it fails to register as debuff for Acheron sometimes, does that count?
A LOT of bad takes and people retro actively shitting on TCs is a game of telephone.

TC says "they're good with X, bad with Y"

CCs hear "bad with Y"

Players hear "bad".
Well yeah if you dont care about dot she will suck. That makes sense.
I don’t disagree but since China’s playerbase ranks characters based on meta, they are bound to have such opinions. When 1.2 dropped all I saw in bilibili and Weibo about Kafka was that she was pretty, but dot is a niche she plays into (considering all we had for dot was Sampo and Serval, who was not officially a dot unit. There was also Asta and Hook with their burn, but the former was considered good for the spd buff, and the latter was disregarded). 

Obviously now we have more dot units and Kafka turned into a character that can enable this previously ‘niche’ playstyle
To be fair, up until a late stage of the beta, you needed e1 for her skill to be able to detonate DoTs that weren't her own and she was far more dependant on Serval for extending her DoT as her FuA didn't apply it
Well, they are better than all global players, like chinese and jp players are usually just better, so I won't make fun of them for it
Not that wild if they base it solely after meta impact. Now personally I can't imagine Kafka not being seen as incredibly meta at any point in time, but what do I know
I can understand that we don't want to tell everything about it, but... Some stories are great because of the expectations they built.

[An article talked about the impact of spoils on the appreciation of a work.](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/51571027_Story_Spoilers_Don't_Spoil_Stories)

I don't say we should spoil everything but giving some key points that could lead us to expect things makes us way more eager to see what will happen. 

So yeah, a bottle of Champaign
    Eh. My experience is that generally story spoilers do ruin the experience, regardless of what someone in im ivory tower is telling me I feel about spoilers. I felt nothing when han solo died despite him being one of my favorite characters because I knew he was gonna die. And with the firefly reveal I felt absolutely nothing upon seeing her again despite literally crying when she got stabbed and seemed dead. I know for a fact I'd have felt at least some confusion or excitement or something if I hadn't accidentally found those story leaks while trying to find character release leaks to plan my jade spend.  Spoilers absolutely ruin the first experience of a story, and by doing so they ruin the subsequent re-encounters with a story because they are often highly reliant on nostalgia for that first experience to feel meaningful whatsoever. Without a good first experience, most stories aren't even worth rereading, rewatching or replaying.
        OOT but I deleted the star wars sequel so hard from my memory that it took me a while re-reading that 'Han Solo dies' line and thinking 'what.. he gets put in carabonite but later he is fine...?'
    Story spoilers have a different impact than that article suggests though. The impact of knowing what's about to happen absolutely kills a person's desire to consume the story.
    Welp I got spoiled that the mc will also have a path of Harmony. I mean I know that all paths are gonna be available for mc but c'mon I got spoiled for the story.
Story plot and shockinv revelation that I've been anticipating to keep me playing the game but it kill my mood.
        Again, spoilers don't **Necessarily** spoil the story. It depends what to spoil.
Tbh it just depends on what you leak to others, controlled leaks are way better
The thing is that she's bad not only because of her kit, but also because of bad damage multipliers, her ultimate attacks are not considered basic attacks, and her resistance to interruption only lasts like half the time of her skill. So they literally made her bad on purpose.

And what I meant is that she was super hyped by the community, but she still ended up being bad. So I don't want to keep my hopes that high for Firefly, even if I already know that I'll pull for her and use her, just like I did with Dehya.
    Don't worry Firefly has white skin her kit will be alright.

I still am upset about Dehya. 100% of her problems could be solved by changing numbers, her kit itself is good, but she has half uptime and dmg it should in every part of her kit.
        I barely work with Unity since my college day. Give me the documentation and three days with the project files, and I can give you a Dehya with a coherent kit.

Give me 1 month and a programmer who know what they're doing, she'll be at least a Hutao tier.

80% of Dehya's problem is in her numbers abd the way things are tagged. Those can be fixed in an afternoon if you know your way around the project.
            She would be a good char with small number and text changes:

E trigger changed to 1.25s from 2.5s (this would allow her to be a burgeon trigger at c0)

Casting E2 refreshes the field uptime (Making it 100% uptime if the players times it right)

A1 infinite poise lasts as long as her field

Q cost reduced to 50 and increased HP% multiplier

Boom good char. Targeting problems is something that affects all characters so it's not a Dehya problem
                My first direction for her is to make her a vape subdps sustain hybrid. Not the most innovative, but she will work. I hasn't played genshin in a while so i don't remember what is needed to make Burgeon work.

E: Reduce damage taken. 100% of the damage that the character do take is redirected to Dehya instead. If Dehya is on field, double the damage reduction.

Q: Now counts as Normal Attack. Final Hit is Plunge Attack. Gains amping crit rate buff as Dehya takes damage, maxing out when she is at like 50/20. When she cast it, Dehya either rapidly regenerate hp or life steal a portion of the damage she deals with her ult.. If E is on field, refresh E duration and make it travel with her. 

You put your main DPS on field and do your rotation with them, taking damage as you go along. The damage is transferred to Dehya, then you switch to her and punch back up.

E2 gives ramping crit damage along with crit rate. E6 gives her 100% uptime on her burst, making her an onfield dps
    Yea, my biggest issue with Dehya is it felt like her numbers were all tuned to specifically not work. Her Poise falls off, her pyro application was too slow, she doesn't really do damage, can't even quickswap burst because of that last point, mitigation still needs a healer so its weaker then either a healer or shielder, no content in the game even requires the role...

HSR and Genshin do have different teams though so I'm not all doom and gloom for Firefly, but of course I could be wrong. My opinions for HSR's team when it comes to kit design is a lot higher then it is for genshin.
Dehya's kit has potential, but they went out of their way to make it bad.

Reducing the follow-up attack recast of her skill to 1s, making the 100% interruption resistance part of her skill instead of a separate talent, increasing her multipliers overall and doubling the damage of her ult while adding a party wide lifesteal to it would make her very desirable.
Any kit can turned good or bad depending on numbers.

She had very bad numbers and that's all there is to it.
> I feel like while Dehya's kit wasnt bad on paper

It is bad on paper. Multiple 5 stars don't even lose their ult if they swap, *let alone jump*. Kokomi doesn't lose her burst if she jumps cause that would make 0 sense. Dehya does.
Fuck commies lol
She also just wasn't a bad character and people were over reacting. 


Also mhy did something with yae Mike, the community just hated mhys changes so they reverted it. 


Mhy just knows most players are reactionary and most 'underwhelming characters' are just the community over reacting. Except is zhongli and dehya. 
Honestly I like both. The kick is nice and she has really good movement in her trailer, plus we have a handful of ranged shots anyways especially for harmony characters like bronya, yukong, ruan mei and asta.
I don't particularly care for the "I am Elation" line but I like the OST and editing, plus how it overall conveys her type of character REALLY well with the chaotic nature of it.
Check the video lol
    Haha okay I see
They call it a curse because usually X.5 is also the most lacking of any content. This comment actually made me remember I even had a Eula to begin with…
So Imbibitor and QQ didn't performed well before Sparkle? That's a spicy take right there.

 As as Imbibitor enjoyer, that's cap. If you said TY, i'd understand but Sparkle is simply comfier.

 But nevermind that, i don't think any of the cases you just gave are comparable to someone who's double Nihility team are 2 cycles slower than the Harmony-Nihility in MoC data.
Basically the studio that wanted to make a futuristic fps video game eventually left Activision (they were formerly infinity ward, and they got scammed by the CEO)  to make Respawn with EA. 

However, Activision knew exactly what Titanfall 2 was supposed to look like. So instead of letting Respawn make their futuristic game with jetpacks and grapnel, so people know about it and they lose their privileged spot of number 1 fps studio, they lazily copied the idea and released 3 futuristic fps games with grapnel and jetpacks (Advanced warfare, BO3 and Infinity warfare). 

So since Cod is more popular, they will make Titanfall 2 looks like another random futuristic game. And consequently Titanfall 2 was led to flop. 

It might not be the only reason, but it surely is the biggest reason imo
EA didn't choose to release it between CoD and Battlefield, Respawn did. Respawn's leadership at the time had huge egos (they probably still do tbh) and they were confident that their game wouldn't be affected by it's release date.
Acheron got 2 black holes
That's why you play her with Welt
Who's art,i.e.?
    I meant art , i.e. is an abbreviation of Id est which is Latin for "that is". It's a common phrase you might come across if you are a science student.
Faith is not about believing in what you see, but believing despite what you see
Her JP was Setsuna Yuki in Love Live but had to quit it due to her health issues back in 2023.
    Oh that makes even more sense. Not sure why I was down voted though, but thanks for the context!
        Np. Some salty ppl tend to down vote for no reason dw about it.
Very interesting. Thanks!
Pretty much. She is not a bad character by herself, but it's probably the most explicit waifubait I've seen in ages considering how all the moments you had together were explicitly treated as a date with the game lowkey forcing you to care about her.
I agree. She hasn't really done or said much, and it feels very forced to like her. She appears, and then immediately the story makes it feel like a love at first sigh thing

I appreciate that later, we find out that it was all a plan of hers to guide us towards the watchmakers legacy in a more direct way, as stated by Sam. But the absurdly massive amount of "best girl" posts, ships, and overwhelming love for the character makes me feel out of place since I just simply like her instead of OMG
I think this is really a big difference in how different parts of fandom work.

Some parts of fandom build hype for a character based on what's shown in the work proper and the objective facts.  So assuming Firefly has a bigger role in 2.2+ (which seems inevitable), perhaps then they'll appreciate her for who she is.  (What we saw in 2.0 was clearly just a "prologue," and the "real story" will be what happens next.  Given her place in the Stellaron Hunters, she also seems likely to be a recurring character as well.)

But other parts of fandom build hype by filling in the gaps between what's shown with their imagination.  So even though Firefly until now had a sort of brief, rushed, and canonically minor role in the grand scheme of things (which she herself calls out, leaning on the fourth wall), the mystery of what could happen given the premise of her character allows people to come up with all sorts of ideas that take on lives of their own.   This is the same side of fandom that "shippers" come from, being used to create fandom around the smallest "crumbs" of lore and canon suggestion.  The fanart community is also pretty adjacent to this space, and Firefly has spawned a *lot* of fanart considering her otherwise rather minor overall role.  If the canon story even in the patches ahead ends up leaving gaps in the development of Firefly's character, the fandom will no doubt fill it with their own extrapolations (and if they're smart, the writers will leave just enough crumbs to serve as the fuel) -- this is basically what happened with Furina, as you mentioned.  And yeah, for Firefly, the fact there's been this long wait until the confirmation of her banner gave people a lot of time to dream/speculate about how things might play out, which in turn built up the hype among those who were waiting.

So all this to say... in a weird way, the fact that she *didn't* get properly developed back in 2.0 (but they left lots crumbs for people to speculate on/extrapolate) is what has created the hype gap in the meantime.  We'll see if the developers can capitalize on this in 2.2+.
Yes. I did it with Kafka and JL. I love them for their gameplay, but the fandom just irks me. Will do the same for Firefly. Just can’t not pull mecha-girl.
oh! I see. yeah I can get that then
I just know nothing about firefly so I was a bit confused about the polarization. what I get for not doing penacony to understand the strong reactions, both positive and negative
    Well, you'll understand when you play, any explanation would be spoilerful. She's a central character of Penacony
Nah that's just shippers in general my friend. Remember how Acheron and Black Swan merely looked at each other and the fan base declared it Canon (before the trailers), same with Chloride and Navia in Genshin.
    I mean, I don't mind people shipping stuff, i do myself, but to lowkey say it's intended romantic or canon is vile lol
Also funny that prior to Firefly, most peeps already settled of Stelle being the "canon TB" just like how Aether is in Genshin, due to how much of TB's troll and dumpster diving shenanigans fits her better than him... then things go 180 and now suddenly, Caelus became the more favored  TB because of Firefly alone
    Yeah. I already saw some comments about how Stelle and Firefly are like sisters while Caelus and Firefly are canon couple even though they are the same character 🤦‍♂️
        It's even more annoying when it's mixed with "wholesome" messages. Like i remember this one guy who started with the whole "Stelle and Firefly look like cute sisters While Caelus and her are a cute couple!" with fricking heart emojis and stuff and when someone asked why Stelle and Firefly cannot be a couple they dropped that gooey stuff and started calling people "twitter freaks". They ripped that mask off like immediately.
        imagine how they will react if either got siblingzoned...
        People honestly really tell on themselves when they say that
    Lol true! And here i am just silently waiting for my Sunday, man...
She left them when they got involved with Ten-Lords Commission and Ruan Mei tho
    More so that out of the Astral Express crew March is by far the closest to the TB, especially given how they share a single brain cell between them lol.
        I just prefer the trio are together again... not just TB going on their own and collecting bitches
            They need to let Dan Heng out the room, dudes a shut in at this point
                Once Penacony is over, i hope our Cold Dragon Boi will be back in action
                Wlell he haven't grab his break time yet since Xianzhou is his break time and he was dragged into it due to Blade. He deserves this break time
Same. I hope 2.2 or 2.3 will make me like the character, because so far idc much about her.
Once I pulled her (I pulled straight C2 without signature on her banner), I effectively used her in overworld and abyss up until this patch (sadly, I had to choose which Furina team should go in and Gaming team won).
    I don't have her sadly and everytime I lose 50-50 I hope I it's dehya but she never came home
        I got her every second lost 50/50 and this patch I finally got C6.
I wish my Dehyaluck will now come to you.
Dont get me wrong thats 100% a valid reason, im talking about people actively HATING the character just because people liked her on 2.0 and are hyped for her, so they get angry at seeing her being relevant (something that happens everytime theres is a drip marketing)

Today we will get the second 2.3 character, and there will be people doing the same.
    That's understandable. It is a real issue and happens way more than it should
The people that havent warmed up to her are not ""most"", they are the minority
    There are a lot of people who haven't warmed up to here wdym 💀 the people who have are just more loud, but mostly everyone agrees that we were forced to like her and that her story was rushed. It's why I had hoped in 2.2 we'd get her PoV and more focus on her to flesh her out, but from leaks >!It is clear we are not getting that. It's hard to care for a character you barely know!<
I won't talk for Dehya but for Jing Yuan I didn't remember his marketing to be as huge as Firefly? 

Well... He got an animated video... Not bad at all haha, but Xianzhou luofu is still the least liked world of star rail so it might explain as well
Name?
    shortcut
        Oh, just like that, I'll check it out
Didn't know this was AI till now. The hands didn't even look *that* wierd.
    I'm telling you bruh, I got that spider sense for AI stuff. Shit creeps me out. Look at the clothes too, she doesn't wear that. It's creepy lookin'
I tried reverse image searching but couldn’t find the og artist but the image itself is based of a Jujutsu Kaisen scene
    Based on the part of the opening where >!Toji overtook the medium!<, which happens after Choso has a breakdown about his true brahza.
        The medium? You mean >!a domain expansion!<? 

And I mean technically it happened after the breakdown, lol, it also happens after the Nanamin thirst shot where he beat the crap outta the dude with the handsword.
            In the opening
It’s a redraw of the frame where Toji from JJK enters Dagon’s beach episode before molest him with his long thick rod
We don't even know if the archon is gonna look like Bronya. Everyone thought we were gonna get a Himeko expy with Murata but the leaked design does not look like her at all
    I really love the leaked concept design though. It’s so radically different and looks very fun!

I was expecting to see a boring, stereotypical tribal woman, so festive carnivalesque girl was a lovely surprise
At this point Kate Kaslana is scraped. Genshin was barely connected to Honkai and at this point it’s its own thing.
I sort of thought the Unknown God or Paimon was the Kiana Expy?
Hmmph!
    100 points, that was a *cool* grunt. Man, that was so cool.
        So cool.
I’d very much assume it is at this point. We still haven’t seen her put on the armor, only take it off, so I hope they go full Iron Man with her and give her a hyper detailed transformation.
It's going to be rider kick with all the lava effect isn't it? I don't want anything less
I actually want either the henshin to be the passive or she has two ult so she can have that ground slam in her kit
https://preview.redd.it/dcky4ngbk7wc1.jpeg?width=445&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=250c72d8407975acdf31259575f2188fccaa1702
    hiiii\~
        WHY CAN I HEAR IT!!!
On HSRLeaks reddit. A very reputable leaker from CN stated that her ultimate animation is very luxurious (It cost them a lot of money to make).
Just some passerby rumour. Basically no thing concrete, just a dude came out and said she has high effort animations then dip. It’s as credible as me saying “there’s a 6* Welt in the work” at this point
I think I would E6 Elio if his playable model was just \*cat\*
The Hanu mode was just the proving grounds for Elio
that would be awesome, actually, and probably doable
A [playable] cat is fine, too
    They had playable peppy, so a playable cat should be fine right?
Fire DPS is certainly a new gameplay experience.
    I love you Himeko but... Yeah,
It's also super versatile. Everyones talking about different modes needing different teams, and I kinda just throw my Kafka dot team at whatever and it 3 stars effortlessly. (except SD and GnG, still trying to figure out how not to get bodied in those)
    If you want to run dot in those you basically need two things: the Nihility blessing where Suspicion stacks debuff the enemy’s attack, and as many defensive blessings as you can get from other Paths. The play is to let IX carry your damage output while the team focuses on keeping Kafka alive to keep detonating DoTs.
        I like the "dots heal the party" and "dots regenerate energy" blessings. Then there are the "dots trigger one extra time" and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas. 

With a team of Kafka, BS, and RM Kafka's ultimate can hit for over 1 million by the end of the run.
            Those are great too, but the main issue in Difficulty V SD or high Conundrum GnG isn’t how high your damage numbers are— it’s how easily you get one-shot. Granted, you also do need high damage because of anti-stall mechanics, but I’ve lost way more runs because the boss snuck a turn in at phase transition and obliterated Kafka than because I hit the berserk timer even with all four characters alive
                Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
                True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
            > and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas.

It's hitting an enemy, weakness broken or not, triggers a random DoT on them

You're getting it confused with the "hitting weakness broken enemies has a 75% base chance to inflict either a wind shear, bleed, shock, or burn DoT for 2 turns"

The random DoT trigger blessing is actually kind of mediocre compared to a lot of Nihility blessings given that it basically winds triggering only one DoT out of the 7+ that enemies will have.

I suppose it's kind of better now that it can provide Black Swan with an extra Arcana stack on each of your support and sustainers' actions.

The "inflict same weakness break on adjacent enemies" or "chance to inflict random dot on weakness broken enemy" are probably stronger. Assuming you get a relevant weakness on the boss.
    My go-to team is a modification of my trusty dot team. I run E0S1 Kafka, E1S1 Black Swan, and E0S1 Acheron. I usually use Luocha as an SP battery with free heals as well. That team absolutely annihilates anything I throw it against haha.
He’s a rat!
    https://preview.redd.it/v1jgom22j8wc1.jpeg?width=228&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c52decc1ee2fa666433b39e9db16514ad543e901
Odd comparison, Jingliu is extremely easy and forgiving to build.
Yeah, I pulled Kafka because "hm maybe it would be fun to try a DoT team sometime" and honestly Kafka+Sampo was already quite a strong combo.  (I imagine Kafka+Luka would be amazing against elites and bosses, too.)

Then I pulled Black Swan, and the triple Nihility squad just deletes their way through the Simulated Universe even with a sustain instead of Ruan Mei.  (And now I'm catching myself wondering if the right blessing combo could allow me to get away with not running a sustain at all.  I know there's one that gives you a bit of HP when enemies take damage from DoT...)

The only problem is that if I want to do MoC/PF, it's hard to build a second team that can keep up.  But improving my roster will always be a work in process.
    The right blessings in Sim Universe can definitely erase the need for sustain. I still bring Gepard because why not, but sometime I can one tick Yanqing with Black Swan + Kafka. With the combo of healing on dot dealing damage and Abundance, the only time you actually need Sustian is on higher levels of GnG
Eh. My experience is that generally story spoilers do ruin the experience, regardless of what someone in im ivory tower is telling me I feel about spoilers. I felt nothing when han solo died despite him being one of my favorite characters because I knew he was gonna die. And with the firefly reveal I felt absolutely nothing upon seeing her again despite literally crying when she got stabbed and seemed dead. I know for a fact I'd have felt at least some confusion or excitement or something if I hadn't accidentally found those story leaks while trying to find character release leaks to plan my jade spend.  Spoilers absolutely ruin the first experience of a story, and by doing so they ruin the subsequent re-encounters with a story because they are often highly reliant on nostalgia for that first experience to feel meaningful whatsoever. Without a good first experience, most stories aren't even worth rereading, rewatching or replaying.
    OOT but I deleted the star wars sequel so hard from my memory that it took me a while re-reading that 'Han Solo dies' line and thinking 'what.. he gets put in carabonite but later he is fine...?'
Story spoilers have a different impact than that article suggests though. The impact of knowing what's about to happen absolutely kills a person's desire to consume the story.
Welp I got spoiled that the mc will also have a path of Harmony. I mean I know that all paths are gonna be available for mc but c'mon I got spoiled for the story.
Story plot and shockinv revelation that I've been anticipating to keep me playing the game but it kill my mood.
    Again, spoilers don't **Necessarily** spoil the story. It depends what to spoil.
Don't worry Firefly has white skin her kit will be alright.

I still am upset about Dehya. 100% of her problems could be solved by changing numbers, her kit itself is good, but she has half uptime and dmg it should in every part of her kit.
    I barely work with Unity since my college day. Give me the documentation and three days with the project files, and I can give you a Dehya with a coherent kit.

Give me 1 month and a programmer who know what they're doing, she'll be at least a Hutao tier.

80% of Dehya's problem is in her numbers abd the way things are tagged. Those can be fixed in an afternoon if you know your way around the project.
        She would be a good char with small number and text changes:

E trigger changed to 1.25s from 2.5s (this would allow her to be a burgeon trigger at c0)

Casting E2 refreshes the field uptime (Making it 100% uptime if the players times it right)

A1 infinite poise lasts as long as her field

Q cost reduced to 50 and increased HP% multiplier

Boom good char. Targeting problems is something that affects all characters so it's not a Dehya problem
            My first direction for her is to make her a vape subdps sustain hybrid. Not the most innovative, but she will work. I hasn't played genshin in a while so i don't remember what is needed to make Burgeon work.

E: Reduce damage taken. 100% of the damage that the character do take is redirected to Dehya instead. If Dehya is on field, double the damage reduction.

Q: Now counts as Normal Attack. Final Hit is Plunge Attack. Gains amping crit rate buff as Dehya takes damage, maxing out when she is at like 50/20. When she cast it, Dehya either rapidly regenerate hp or life steal a portion of the damage she deals with her ult.. If E is on field, refresh E duration and make it travel with her. 

You put your main DPS on field and do your rotation with them, taking damage as you go along. The damage is transferred to Dehya, then you switch to her and punch back up.

E2 gives ramping crit damage along with crit rate. E6 gives her 100% uptime on her burst, making her an onfield dps
Yea, my biggest issue with Dehya is it felt like her numbers were all tuned to specifically not work. Her Poise falls off, her pyro application was too slow, she doesn't really do damage, can't even quickswap burst because of that last point, mitigation still needs a healer so its weaker then either a healer or shielder, no content in the game even requires the role...

HSR and Genshin do have different teams though so I'm not all doom and gloom for Firefly, but of course I could be wrong. My opinions for HSR's team when it comes to kit design is a lot higher then it is for genshin.
Haha okay I see
I meant art , i.e. is an abbreviation of Id est which is Latin for "that is". It's a common phrase you might come across if you are a science student.
Oh that makes even more sense. Not sure why I was down voted though, but thanks for the context!
    Np. Some salty ppl tend to down vote for no reason dw about it.
Well, you'll understand when you play, any explanation would be spoilerful. She's a central character of Penacony
I mean, I don't mind people shipping stuff, i do myself, but to lowkey say it's intended romantic or canon is vile lol
Yeah. I already saw some comments about how Stelle and Firefly are like sisters while Caelus and Firefly are canon couple even though they are the same character 🤦‍♂️
    It's even more annoying when it's mixed with "wholesome" messages. Like i remember this one guy who started with the whole "Stelle and Firefly look like cute sisters While Caelus and her are a cute couple!" with fricking heart emojis and stuff and when someone asked why Stelle and Firefly cannot be a couple they dropped that gooey stuff and started calling people "twitter freaks". They ripped that mask off like immediately.
    imagine how they will react if either got siblingzoned...
    People honestly really tell on themselves when they say that
Lol true! And here i am just silently waiting for my Sunday, man...
More so that out of the Astral Express crew March is by far the closest to the TB, especially given how they share a single brain cell between them lol.
    I just prefer the trio are together again... not just TB going on their own and collecting bitches
        They need to let Dan Heng out the room, dudes a shut in at this point
            Once Penacony is over, i hope our Cold Dragon Boi will be back in action
            Wlell he haven't grab his break time yet since Xianzhou is his break time and he was dragged into it due to Blade. He deserves this break time
I don't have her sadly and everytime I lose 50-50 I hope I it's dehya but she never came home
    I got her every second lost 50/50 and this patch I finally got C6.
I wish my Dehyaluck will now come to you.
That's understandable. It is a real issue and happens way more than it should
There are a lot of people who haven't warmed up to here wdym 💀 the people who have are just more loud, but mostly everyone agrees that we were forced to like her and that her story was rushed. It's why I had hoped in 2.2 we'd get her PoV and more focus on her to flesh her out, but from leaks >!It is clear we are not getting that. It's hard to care for a character you barely know!<
shortcut
    Oh, just like that, I'll check it out
I'm telling you bruh, I got that spider sense for AI stuff. Shit creeps me out. Look at the clothes too, she doesn't wear that. It's creepy lookin'
Based on the part of the opening where >!Toji overtook the medium!<, which happens after Choso has a breakdown about his true brahza.
    The medium? You mean >!a domain expansion!<? 

And I mean technically it happened after the breakdown, lol, it also happens after the Nanamin thirst shot where he beat the crap outta the dude with the handsword.
        In the opening
I really love the leaked concept design though. It’s so radically different and looks very fun!

I was expecting to see a boring, stereotypical tribal woman, so festive carnivalesque girl was a lovely surprise
100 points, that was a *cool* grunt. Man, that was so cool.
    So cool.
hiiii\~
    WHY CAN I HEAR IT!!!
They had playable peppy, so a playable cat should be fine right?
I love you Himeko but... Yeah,
If you want to run dot in those you basically need two things: the Nihility blessing where Suspicion stacks debuff the enemy’s attack, and as many defensive blessings as you can get from other Paths. The play is to let IX carry your damage output while the team focuses on keeping Kafka alive to keep detonating DoTs.
    I like the "dots heal the party" and "dots regenerate energy" blessings. Then there are the "dots trigger one extra time" and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas. 

With a team of Kafka, BS, and RM Kafka's ultimate can hit for over 1 million by the end of the run.
        Those are great too, but the main issue in Difficulty V SD or high Conundrum GnG isn’t how high your damage numbers are— it’s how easily you get one-shot. Granted, you also do need high damage because of anti-stall mechanics, but I’ve lost way more runs because the boss snuck a turn in at phase transition and obliterated Kafka than because I hit the berserk timer even with all four characters alive
            Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
            True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
        > and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas.

It's hitting an enemy, weakness broken or not, triggers a random DoT on them

You're getting it confused with the "hitting weakness broken enemies has a 75% base chance to inflict either a wind shear, bleed, shock, or burn DoT for 2 turns"

The random DoT trigger blessing is actually kind of mediocre compared to a lot of Nihility blessings given that it basically winds triggering only one DoT out of the 7+ that enemies will have.

I suppose it's kind of better now that it can provide Black Swan with an extra Arcana stack on each of your support and sustainers' actions.

The "inflict same weakness break on adjacent enemies" or "chance to inflict random dot on weakness broken enemy" are probably stronger. Assuming you get a relevant weakness on the boss.
My go-to team is a modification of my trusty dot team. I run E0S1 Kafka, E1S1 Black Swan, and E0S1 Acheron. I usually use Luocha as an SP battery with free heals as well. That team absolutely annihilates anything I throw it against haha.
https://preview.redd.it/v1jgom22j8wc1.jpeg?width=228&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c52decc1ee2fa666433b39e9db16514ad543e901
The right blessings in Sim Universe can definitely erase the need for sustain. I still bring Gepard because why not, but sometime I can one tick Yanqing with Black Swan + Kafka. With the combo of healing on dot dealing damage and Abundance, the only time you actually need Sustian is on higher levels of GnG
OOT but I deleted the star wars sequel so hard from my memory that it took me a while re-reading that 'Han Solo dies' line and thinking 'what.. he gets put in carabonite but later he is fine...?'
Again, spoilers don't **Necessarily** spoil the story. It depends what to spoil.
I barely work with Unity since my college day. Give me the documentation and three days with the project files, and I can give you a Dehya with a coherent kit.

Give me 1 month and a programmer who know what they're doing, she'll be at least a Hutao tier.

80% of Dehya's problem is in her numbers abd the way things are tagged. Those can be fixed in an afternoon if you know your way around the project.
    She would be a good char with small number and text changes:

E trigger changed to 1.25s from 2.5s (this would allow her to be a burgeon trigger at c0)

Casting E2 refreshes the field uptime (Making it 100% uptime if the players times it right)

A1 infinite poise lasts as long as her field

Q cost reduced to 50 and increased HP% multiplier

Boom good char. Targeting problems is something that affects all characters so it's not a Dehya problem
        My first direction for her is to make her a vape subdps sustain hybrid. Not the most innovative, but she will work. I hasn't played genshin in a while so i don't remember what is needed to make Burgeon work.

E: Reduce damage taken. 100% of the damage that the character do take is redirected to Dehya instead. If Dehya is on field, double the damage reduction.

Q: Now counts as Normal Attack. Final Hit is Plunge Attack. Gains amping crit rate buff as Dehya takes damage, maxing out when she is at like 50/20. When she cast it, Dehya either rapidly regenerate hp or life steal a portion of the damage she deals with her ult.. If E is on field, refresh E duration and make it travel with her. 

You put your main DPS on field and do your rotation with them, taking damage as you go along. The damage is transferred to Dehya, then you switch to her and punch back up.

E2 gives ramping crit damage along with crit rate. E6 gives her 100% uptime on her burst, making her an onfield dps
Np. Some salty ppl tend to down vote for no reason dw about it.
It's even more annoying when it's mixed with "wholesome" messages. Like i remember this one guy who started with the whole "Stelle and Firefly look like cute sisters While Caelus and her are a cute couple!" with fricking heart emojis and stuff and when someone asked why Stelle and Firefly cannot be a couple they dropped that gooey stuff and started calling people "twitter freaks". They ripped that mask off like immediately.
imagine how they will react if either got siblingzoned...
People honestly really tell on themselves when they say that
I just prefer the trio are together again... not just TB going on their own and collecting bitches
    They need to let Dan Heng out the room, dudes a shut in at this point
        Once Penacony is over, i hope our Cold Dragon Boi will be back in action
        Wlell he haven't grab his break time yet since Xianzhou is his break time and he was dragged into it due to Blade. He deserves this break time
I got her every second lost 50/50 and this patch I finally got C6.
I wish my Dehyaluck will now come to you.
Oh, just like that, I'll check it out
The medium? You mean >!a domain expansion!<? 

And I mean technically it happened after the breakdown, lol, it also happens after the Nanamin thirst shot where he beat the crap outta the dude with the handsword.
    In the opening
So cool.
WHY CAN I HEAR IT!!!
I like the "dots heal the party" and "dots regenerate energy" blessings. Then there are the "dots trigger one extra time" and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas. 

With a team of Kafka, BS, and RM Kafka's ultimate can hit for over 1 million by the end of the run.
    Those are great too, but the main issue in Difficulty V SD or high Conundrum GnG isn’t how high your damage numbers are— it’s how easily you get one-shot. Granted, you also do need high damage because of anti-stall mechanics, but I’ve lost way more runs because the boss snuck a turn in at phase transition and obliterated Kafka than because I hit the berserk timer even with all four characters alive
        Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
        True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
    > and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas.

It's hitting an enemy, weakness broken or not, triggers a random DoT on them

You're getting it confused with the "hitting weakness broken enemies has a 75% base chance to inflict either a wind shear, bleed, shock, or burn DoT for 2 turns"

The random DoT trigger blessing is actually kind of mediocre compared to a lot of Nihility blessings given that it basically winds triggering only one DoT out of the 7+ that enemies will have.

I suppose it's kind of better now that it can provide Black Swan with an extra Arcana stack on each of your support and sustainers' actions.

The "inflict same weakness break on adjacent enemies" or "chance to inflict random dot on weakness broken enemy" are probably stronger. Assuming you get a relevant weakness on the boss.
She would be a good char with small number and text changes:

E trigger changed to 1.25s from 2.5s (this would allow her to be a burgeon trigger at c0)

Casting E2 refreshes the field uptime (Making it 100% uptime if the players times it right)

A1 infinite poise lasts as long as her field

Q cost reduced to 50 and increased HP% multiplier

Boom good char. Targeting problems is something that affects all characters so it's not a Dehya problem
    My first direction for her is to make her a vape subdps sustain hybrid. Not the most innovative, but she will work. I hasn't played genshin in a while so i don't remember what is needed to make Burgeon work.

E: Reduce damage taken. 100% of the damage that the character do take is redirected to Dehya instead. If Dehya is on field, double the damage reduction.

Q: Now counts as Normal Attack. Final Hit is Plunge Attack. Gains amping crit rate buff as Dehya takes damage, maxing out when she is at like 50/20. When she cast it, Dehya either rapidly regenerate hp or life steal a portion of the damage she deals with her ult.. If E is on field, refresh E duration and make it travel with her. 

You put your main DPS on field and do your rotation with them, taking damage as you go along. The damage is transferred to Dehya, then you switch to her and punch back up.

E2 gives ramping crit damage along with crit rate. E6 gives her 100% uptime on her burst, making her an onfield dps
They need to let Dan Heng out the room, dudes a shut in at this point
    Once Penacony is over, i hope our Cold Dragon Boi will be back in action
    Wlell he haven't grab his break time yet since Xianzhou is his break time and he was dragged into it due to Blade. He deserves this break time
In the opening
Those are great too, but the main issue in Difficulty V SD or high Conundrum GnG isn’t how high your damage numbers are— it’s how easily you get one-shot. Granted, you also do need high damage because of anti-stall mechanics, but I’ve lost way more runs because the boss snuck a turn in at phase transition and obliterated Kafka than because I hit the berserk timer even with all four characters alive
    Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
    True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
> and "hitting a weakness broken enemy triggers a dot", the later of which turns the entire team into mini Kafkas.

It's hitting an enemy, weakness broken or not, triggers a random DoT on them

You're getting it confused with the "hitting weakness broken enemies has a 75% base chance to inflict either a wind shear, bleed, shock, or burn DoT for 2 turns"

The random DoT trigger blessing is actually kind of mediocre compared to a lot of Nihility blessings given that it basically winds triggering only one DoT out of the 7+ that enemies will have.

I suppose it's kind of better now that it can provide Black Swan with an extra Arcana stack on each of your support and sustainers' actions.

The "inflict same weakness break on adjacent enemies" or "chance to inflict random dot on weakness broken enemy" are probably stronger. Assuming you get a relevant weakness on the boss.
My first direction for her is to make her a vape subdps sustain hybrid. Not the most innovative, but she will work. I hasn't played genshin in a while so i don't remember what is needed to make Burgeon work.

E: Reduce damage taken. 100% of the damage that the character do take is redirected to Dehya instead. If Dehya is on field, double the damage reduction.

Q: Now counts as Normal Attack. Final Hit is Plunge Attack. Gains amping crit rate buff as Dehya takes damage, maxing out when she is at like 50/20. When she cast it, Dehya either rapidly regenerate hp or life steal a portion of the damage she deals with her ult.. If E is on field, refresh E duration and make it travel with her. 

You put your main DPS on field and do your rotation with them, taking damage as you go along. The damage is transferred to Dehya, then you switch to her and punch back up.

E2 gives ramping crit damage along with crit rate. E6 gives her 100% uptime on her burst, making her an onfield dps
Once Penacony is over, i hope our Cold Dragon Boi will be back in action
Wlell he haven't grab his break time yet since Xianzhou is his break time and he was dragged into it due to Blade. He deserves this break time
Yeah, I've taken to desperately taking Preservation and Destruction blessings just to keep my DOT team alive
True. Aventurine helps here (and Geppie before him), especially with anything that increases shields. Although I did have a run where I tried to hit a ton of nodes and I let the count go too far in the negative, and boss Kafka could one-shot a character through the shields.  I did beat her but it was close, probably only because of Aventurine's FUA. (Plus I got the "Kafka dominates Kafka" achievement.)
