[[What do you guys think about GTA IV getting remastered]]





They better let us give Niko those fingerless gloves he's so proud of in all the artwork.
    I wore it in the game w a trainer, is it not normally in the game or smth?
        yeah it is in the files, the trainer actually just accessed them. Rockstar probably put them away to fit with more casual looking clothes like shirts. I swapped the files and still thought that Niko looks badass with them in a suit
            I believe you unlock these when you kill all the pigeons but don't quote me
                Nah that was a rumour for a while but it was proven to be false
                    Ah okay cheers
                    I remember chasing them for hours man
                Nothing unlocks them except mods. The reason they’re removed is there’s no gloves selection in the system for buying and changing clothes. If they’d gone with just changing whole outfits instead of separate pieces then they would be part of Niko’s default outfit.
    I remember there were all sorts of wild forum rumors when that game came out about how to get the fingerless gloves. My favorite was that you had to spend hundreds of hours in the subway to find Rat Man, a homeless half-rat half-human that lived in the tunnels. Once you found Rat Man, you had to chase him down and kill him. A fast motorcycle was advised, because he had superhuman speed. Once he was dead, you could loot the fingerless gloves off his corpse.
        Gta rumors are so wild
            The good ol’ days of the internet were somethin’ else, man.
        I remember playing GTA4 with my fat PS3 and literally hearing about the rumors of the aliens/UFOs on those old gta sites. I spent hours running around the map and finding that old brick building (abandoned soda plant was it? Haven’t played GTA4 since 08) and never finding aliens. 

Better times.
        Man the fuckin’ rat man rumours is such a throwback. I don’t think there was any real like, evidence to them, but I’ve seen some real weird shit in the subway tunnels on that game - shit that would freak me out today
            Like what?
        The rat man.... Good old times... Spent hours down in the tunnels
            Me too. The worst easter egg hunt I ever went on was  Driver 2 on the PS1. The manual said that one of the characters was known to hang around in back alleys and liked to aide and abet felons. Little me took this as a literal statement and not a description of his seedy nature and I would get a small felony level and drive around the back alleys for hours trying to meet him.
                I totally feel this!
Said this a few days ago but GTA4 doesn't need a remaster. Just a current gen upgrade, bundle in both dlc and it will fly off the shelves.
    Agree 100% I wanna play this game again
        After all this trilogy crap, I started playing through IV again this week. It's perfect as is. 


It's not just my favorite GTA, it might be my favorite game.
            The physics really added so much detail to the sandbox (ie running over pedestrians is way funnier)
        [deleted]
            This is personal preference but I think 4 might be the best in the series and that's including the dlc. Definitely pick it up when you get the chance
                I agree. I enjoyed 4 much more than I did five and I think it had to do with the character switching; I didn't really get time to connect with each of the main characters.
                    For me it was a number of reasons but a big one for me that was controversial at the time is GTA 4's relationship system. The game does a really good job in making you feel like you have a social life in the big city and you get rewarded for hanging out with your friends via certain bonuses. Also because of all that, the characters are much more memorable as a whole. I ended up caring about them. In a time when so many open world games are just big with nothing much to do (-cough- Cyberpunk -cough-) I'd argue that GTA 4 was ahead of it's time.
                        One of the things I would also address is the relationship system actually. While the calls for activity invites did add that social vibe, they got annoying after a while. I think they could tone down the frequency in this iteration.
                            It would also be nice if you didn’t lose rep when you decline an invite to hang out with a friend. Especially if it’s during a mission when you literally can’t accept even if you want to.
                                Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
                                    I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
                            That's fair. I personally didn't mind them but I understand how they can be annoying for some for sure and that's valid.
            you’ve missed out. beware though, vehicle handling is much better than V and by that I mean, you’ll probably think it’s shittier. V feels like gokarting, while in IV you actually have to drive.
                [deleted]
                    Chucking a grenade into a group of people somehow *felt* like it was raining bodies.
                    i think that R* was going to the good good since the beginning, however, the major audience didn’t really understand what they were going for and so for V, they dumbed it down real bad, and viola, the majority is pleased, they’re also feeding the gtaO issue too. so for us, we can just sit back and hope R* doesn’t ruin IV for us too. if they redid IV, so that it ran in x64 and kept the essentials as they were.. oh boy.. heavy breathing intensifies.
                    This may not be a super popular opinion, but I still feel like GTA V still has pretty great physics. Half the fun I have in that game is watching my character fly around as a ragdoll.

Sadly this also comes at the cost of everything needing to "slide into place" anytime you try to interact with anything, so outside of freeroam, the game feels extremely clunky.
                        Both 4 and 5 use euphoria physics engine but 5s is a bit dumbed down.
                            >~~a bit~~

very*
                The firefights felt weightier in 4 too. I still remember chasing a guy down the street and as he was making a corner, I blew him away with a shotgun. My friend and I both were shocked at how realistic he took the shot and went down since he had the momentum going around the corner he went down really realistically.
                    \*long post alert\*

I have a memory (many actually) from GTA IV that I will NEVER forget because of how much it shocked a very young me. It was for one of the mafia arc missions, where you're told to chase down some Uncle guy or something that betrayed the family.

Anyway, it's a standard pursuit mission, and I remember blowing his back tires out and it made him spin, t-bone an oncoming car, and just automatically get out. I stop and get out too, he takes aim with a big shotgun, and I blasted him in the head a few times with my heavy pistol, killing him instantly. As he went down, though, the shotgun hit the ground way before his body even started to fall.

It hit the ground in front of him while standing completely upright, and the shotgun then discharged from the impact and BLEW HIS CORPSE THE FUCK AWAY, blasting him right under the chin, in the most vivid, picturesque fashion that I'll never forget. Crazy blood spray cloud, and his previously falling body was just absolutely SLAMMED backward into the ground ( I swear, I remember hearing a much louder thud and crack than normal), and I just sat there with my jaw dropped, basically shaking with bewilderment & excitement. Nothing like that ever, ever happened again, but I replayed it so many times in my mind I'll never forget.

Further on that, I'll probably never forget most of that game. I played GTA IV almost RELIGIOUSLY when it came out, and I was fairly young (6th grade and 7th grade). I used to be obsessed with that game, so much so that I would restart it basically every week to play through it again.

I had it down to an exact science, and would restart it getting home from school on Friday, playing until late into the night, picking back up Saturday morning, and having it beat by early afternoon. After like, a few weeks, I finally did it fast enough to get that achievement for beating the story in under 34 hours or something.

That included just about every single mission in the game, most stranger encounters. I swear, I was probably a walking, breathing strategy guide for that game at the age of 12 and 13. Knew where to go, for everything, the best way to do it, hiding spots of items, how to trigger story phone calls (I was obsessed with waiting and triggering those phone calls because I thought it was so cool).

Each playthrough seemed to have a different obsession or requirement, like a specific outfit, or using certain guns, or making sure I'm in certain spots for phonecalls that happen during the story, only executing certain people, using a certain car only, only using one apartment, etc. I truly believe this game began my affixion for videogame roleplay stuff, and also I'm sure these were early expressions of my OCD and other things. This game impacted me so much in some ways, and was an escape. So much stuff I didn't get to mention here lol. Hell, to this day I still do a pretty damn good Russian/Slavic accent that I specifically tried to copy from Niko and other characters. 

Sorry for the wall of text, this thread and your comment specifically just brought back SO much nostalgia for me! I might just reinstall GTA IV (PC) and replay to feel like a kid again :).
                        I don’t have anything to add but thank you for sharing this, it was a good read
                        I would love to watch a video of those first three paragraphs.
                        Very cool. Think id rather try iv again on pc vs the trilogy until its fixed hopefully. Its been a long time. IV hits a different spot and feeling entirely.

I think IV is modern enough to benefit from mods more than a remake but if its done well why not.
                One of my favourite features was the way people react when u shoot em, in 5 they just kinda go down whereas in 4 they suffer in the full mysery of the RAGE engines torment
                Don’t wanna be that guy but karting is much harder than the real thing and it is where you actually have to drive. But I get the point that you’re trying to make!
                    ofc it is! my point being that V cars are way more planted and manuverable, like go-karts are, in comparison to actual full sized vehicles.
                    Any car that's automatic is practically a go kart, driving is using manual/stick
                        Driving is piloting an automobile. If you know what you're doing there is no difference between manual and auto. You're not special because you can hit a clutch and move a stick.
                            There's a huge difference between manual and auto, for one automatic won't just stop and make you turn the engine off for changing gear wrong, or for trying to get into reverse. I never said people are special for driving stick, just that driving automatic is like driving a go kart. I didn't know so many people got offended because they couldn't drive manual.
                                Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
                                    .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
                        I agree with this person. give me down votes
                            If it helps you feel better ^^
                            I gave this guy his first downvote, now give me downvotes
                I mean. It's like real driving if every car has bad brakes
                    in regards to IV? maybe just a tad bit, but usually sports and “new” cars have relatively good brakes. but i totally see where you’re coming from. IMO it’s nice that they’re a little crappier, makes it more challenging, to me at least.
                        I think dialing back a smidge would be the right balance.
                Driving in IV felt like absolute dogshit compared to V. Felt like you were driving on an ice rink the whole time.
                I love GTA IV the story is my favourite across the Franchise, but the vehicle handling is dog shit. I don't know how anyone can say it's better then V. It feels like you're riding on inflatables.

Everything else IV is superior over V, except maybe online.
                    i think it’s exactly opposite. gta v has some good content, over the top content too, but it’s got stuff that would be great in IV. unfortunately, handling is one of those things i’d rather have like in IV. i’d love if there was a way to port vehicle engine sounds over to IV from V. they’re by far better in V
                        I think its terrible, you can't drive round a corner quickly or break without feeling the car is pulling you to side. I drive vehicles irl, and they don't handle like cars in GTA IV. 

The damage is realistic in IV though, especially crashes and when cars explode. I love that on iv.
                            60mph in a 90 degree turn? if you drive slow and civil, everything handles fine, if you throw your vehicle in a powerslide, what do you expect, constant grip? i could agree that some vehicles like cavalade are exaggerated, but generally it’s really good. try driving with an xbox controller in hood view. it’s pretty good.
                                Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
                                    i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
                honestly after replaying GTA V for the 3rd time 2 months ago, it was sooo refreshing playing GTA IV again. I rarely hit anything honestly and turning seemed easier.
                The physics are badass in IV. Honestly GTA IV deserves the 10/10 it scored back when it released because it is truly THE best in the series. I still play it on my PC, maxed settings and 1080p 60fps gameplay it doesn't need a remaster it looks phenomenal. (It never received optimization patches though, which is why I think the PC port is terrible despite the better looking graphics....did I just talk myself INTO a remaster? XD)
                Yeah I HATED the driving in 4 when it came out. I love it now though.
            I just love New York better than Cali. Liberty city is so much better than Los santos
            There's some ways it's better. The story is a lot darker and deeper, but sometimes it doesn't thread as well. The first few hours of gameplay is basically a taxi simulator. Others noted a few advantages, but these are the main things I noticed. 

1) Friendships. You actually have to put in work to make different characters like you. Hangouts have actual meaning, and getting someone to like you after a certain point may unlock an ability for them to do favors for you. 

2) Restaurants. There's a lot more interaction available with more restaurants and food carts. 

3) Destructive environment. During a fire fight in some buildings, the edges of some walls may show damage and allow you to shoot through them. 

4) Damage. The way enemies take damage is a lot better. It's not like GTA V where a single shot in the foot may finish the enemy. 


Disadvantages compared to GTA V

1) The radio stations aren't that great, and the lack of a radio wheel. You have to cycle through all the stations to find the one you like. 

2) Lack of a weapon wheel. There's some scenarios where this will aggravate you. 

3) Flying. There isn't really many flying choices, and the physics of the helicopter is pretty meh. 

4) No checkpoints. 


Up to personal taste:

1) The map. I'm not the biggest fan of the map, but others love it, and you may like it as well. I just wish there was more natural areas to explore and other smaller towns like in GTA V. 

2) The physics. Some of the physics seem to be more realistic. But each person will have their own preference.
                Yo jazz nation radio > any gta 5 radio station, it was to sole reason for me to play gta IV again this year.
                    JNR and the fact that it's set in "New York" makes all the difference to me too!

Honest to God, this is the exact game that made me love Jazz as a genre. I thought it was just shit like Kenny G before that
            play it yourself, don't listen to anybody else and form your own opinion instead, i'd say they're both special in their own ways though..
            Better is a matter of opinion. I liked the characters in 4 more than I did 5, but, the story also takes itself a little too seriously at times which doesn't always mesh with GTA's world. 

The physics and vehicle handling take some getting used to but aren't a deal breaker, and some of the game mechanics are... pushed a bit hard, but it's still a solid game.

Personally I loved it right up until the last mission, when it suddenly goes for a Big Serious Game gut punch that just annoyed me, so on replays I just quit a few minutes early.
                the seriousness is what makes it good

it makes sense that they had the game located in liberty city (NYC) as gritty as it is

los santos and vice city (LA and MIA) are too laid back for it to work in those locations

there’s subtle satire everywhere if you look, it just seems more obscure because it’s not rubbed in your face the way it is in SA and V
                Brucie has entered the chat.
            The complete edition has one of the best protagonist imo. Luis Lopez. Easily in my top 3 main characters of the franchise
            It's better than 5 in some ways but the missions and the map are bland and boring.
            Driving is better in 5, everything else is better in 4 IMO
            4 is way better in almost every way.
        replaying on PS3 now and loving it
            I’m playing it on series x with a locked 60 FPS. It’s amazing. I’m also playing through max Payne 3 because it became backward compatible on Xbox yesterday
        Best GTA
        So just play it?
            He means an enhanced version tailored for current gen..
        Just hook up the ps3 and play?
    That’s what it is according to the more reliable leaks
        Good. Although I don't trust leaks.
            Yea always take leaks with a grain of salt. Although in this case the leaker is pretty reliable in the cod community and isn’t just some random guy on 4chan. Still take it with a grain of salt tho
    agreed the game still looks fine on Xbox One X & Series X for a game that came out in 2008 all they’d have to do is do what they did with GTA V on PS4 & Xbox One and it would do numbers
    Same with RDR 1 and Undead Nightmare
    Wouldn't a current-gen upgrade be a remaster?
        I think they mean a current gen port, so the exact same game but playable on current gen with QOL updates.
            I don't think it would hurt to clean up the textures. Just double check them this time.
        Well I wouldn't call TLoU2 ps5 upgrade a remaster. Or the Assassin creed upgrade a remaster.
    And remove the online achievements✨✨
    Maybe some performance improvement would also be nice, this game still runs pretty poorly on my pc and I can play rdr2 and gta 5 on high
    Agreed
    yeah I agree. a full remaster/remake will definitely be welcome, but I’ll take a next gen upgrade with QOL updates.
    The performance was shocking across every port (especially the PC port unfortunately). I feel it doesn’t necessarily need a remaster it just needs a massive performance upgrade.
    GTA 4 needs a PC port that is actually optimized
    YES! I recently played GTA IV on my Xbox One and it still looks, and plays, really well.
    Exactly.

Just a proper re-release, like GTA V from PS3 to PS4. Same treatment alongiside some small engine upgrades.

Im sure this isn't that hard and would be more than enough, GTA IV is still an amazing game.
    This, but also adding the ability to customize cars, this is really my only problem with GTA4
    Yeah, just fix them compatibility issues and charge the same price plus some 10% I'd say
    It could use some QOL upgrades, otherwise I agree.
    they should give it the Xbox one treatment... but with proper render upscaling.
    Yes sir. It’s one of the gtas I missed. Don’t need a remaster, just need it in a more recent console
    i'm replaying it on pc right now, and the only gripe i have is the camera auto centering. sometimes i want to run forward while looking in another direction and it just wants to reset super fast, super annoying.
    Second this. Only thing I would want is the driving tightened up a tiny bit, but not as arcade-like as 5.
    Just 4K with 60fps and we’re set.
        1st person, Haptics, adaptives and ray tracing would be welcomed also.
            *grove street games has entered the chat*
    The driving is terrible in GTA 4. The water looks like shit. The textures are already pretty HD but still could use an upgrade. The game was released in 2008 there's definitely been improvements in fidelity and hardware in the last 13-14 years.
        The driving is awesome in GTA 4
As long as it is not Grove Street Games that'll be making the remaster.
    The sad part about that company is their name is literally based off GTA... If Rockstar were to stop using them what the fuck would they do lmao
        They’ll be porting gta 5 to mobile, obviously! The next $60 endeavor for all adoring fans of the series! Lol.
            ngl at this point GTA V could probably run on the latest iPhones and Androids with Snapdragon 865 and above

Just drop the graphics to ps3 level and it should be good with some optimization
                Seems about right, although I dunno how a phone would be able to handle it without cutting down on how many NPCs can spawn
                    I mean yeah there are gonna be some restrictions but with how powerful phones are (especially the apple bionic chips) I'd say it's possible.
                        You are so lucky, last time I said that i had to delete my post for the downvotes.
                            ugh that sucks. It's certainly plausible imo.
                                Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
        I think the name is actually based off where the studio was created, it’s just luck that it fits with the GTA universe
The game is as good as it is,i would say Rockstar to make a RDR 1 remaster for next gen consoles and PC users as it would be kinda  a big individual title release considering RDR 1 never got to see the daylight for PC ,it would be a newer experience,GTA 4 is just too delicate to deal with,you can't improve graphics without lighting and lighting in GTA 4 is what makes it look so good and accurate,changing the lighting would simply ruin the darkish brown feel of liberty city,i would suggest a simple upscaled textures and better optimisations only remaster for GTA 4 if they were to do it,also car upgrades would be nice but would ruin some story elements which were put.The big thing for GTA 4 which i would expect as a fan would be interiors in GTA 4,that would seal the deal for me and properties which are buyable.
    [deleted]
        Lmao true.
    Yep. If they’re not making a new GTA, and they want to remaster something, bringing RDR1 up to the standards of RDR2 is the way to go.
        i suppose since GTA remasters are not working,and GTA 5 is slowly becoming dead cow,it makes sense their next cash cow is Red Dead Universe till GTA 6 but only time will tell what plans they have.
            Yep, it’s hard to know what they’ll do. History has shown that they care even less about Red Dead fans than they do about GTA fans so I’m not holding my breath lol
    I think rdr1 has been leaked but then again so has gta 6 about nine thousand times
    Exactly, it's alread good the way it is. It's just like Sweet said at the end of GTA SA, "If it ain't broke don't fix it".
[deleted]
    Honestly, despite the failure of triology, I'd like to see how a remaster of this game would turn like. We got nothing to lose anyway unless we pre order.
        Except we did lose a lot of stuff with these shitty trilogy. Ability to even buy the old versions, plenty of mods getting DMCA strikes
            [deleted]
                If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer. Pcgaming wiki is my go to, never pirating games, it takes 10 minutes to mod san andreas
                    Wow the gatekeeping.
                        It's not gatekeeping, you're free to mod or not just don't claim pirated versions are better when better effects can be achieved with 10 minute drag and drop
                            The pirated versions are actually better though.
                                In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
                                    Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
                            >If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer

That is ***literally*** gatekeeping, boyo.
                                Ok suck a cock kid
        [deleted]
            If you're on playstation get fucked.
                [deleted]
                    Or crack a free version on pc, which is easier and better
                    As someone who's played the game on pretty much every system it was available for, it looks and plays pretty bad on those consoles. The PS3 version has no antialiasing (which looks horrible considering it runs at 720p) and the X360 version is extremely blurry. Frame rate is bad on both systems.
                        Oh please. It's 14 years old. It plays just fine on the PS3.
                            Sure it looks nice for a 14 year old game, and it surely blew my mind back in 2008. But upon revisiting it earlier this year I couldn't help but notice it could use some graphical and performance improvements (stuff that GSG doesn't seem to be capable of btw).
                            No...

It looks, and runs like, just how V runs like shit on the day one PS4 and Xbox One...

PC is a different story.
                            "plays just fine" 

Why do you guys either outright lie or just act like you have zero standards? 

This isn't recency bias what I'm about to say, as I've played GTA IV on PS3 again last year and boy oh boy is it bad. The visual fidelity is awful with blurry, washed out filters to try to hide the jaggies due to bad/non-existent anti-aliasing, the resolution in general is a sub-720p framebuffer, and the framerate is abysmal. The framerate is always in the low-20s and often falls into the teens when things get hairy, and as a result the frametimes are also horrendous. 

The 360 version barely fares any better and the PC port is infamous for how badly done it was. These are all objective facts. You can say you personally don't mind all these things, but to imply it's even a good experience is laughable.
                                Virgin alert 🚨
                                    Cope lmao
    Really the only reason the trilogy got so messed up was because those games are 17-20 years old. I can’t imagine GTA 4 getting messed up, and chances are they’ll have a different dev team (or at least help GSG)
        GTA 4 is 13 years old my friend
            Sorry I probably should’ve been more specific, I meant to say the HD era is much more graphically impressive than the 3D era where the trilogy comes from. Being on a more-modern engine and everything, I’d assume GTA IV would be much more easy to remaster, since a lot of things in the Trilogy Remaster had to be rebuilt.
                No doubt!
Still hard to believe 4 is that old
                    Oh for sure, I’ve been working on a playthrough recently and it really seems like it’s newer than 2008. It’s a really great game
        Grove Street Games has fucked up porting GTA games to console 2 times now. Once in 2014 with San Andreas and now again with the trilogy. I would seriously hope Rockstar would finally be smart enough not to use them again but I honestly doubt it. GSG isn't necessarily a bad game company, but they're a mobile game company. They shouldn't be used for making console games.
            Yeah, that’s why I’m not sure why they went to GSG again, since the San Andreas remaster is probably known as the worst Rockstar release (besides the Trilogy Remaster I guess)

I’m just hoping they fix some of these problems with the bug patches
                Yeah going to them again didn't make much sense at all honestly. In my opinion, they should've hired a different company to make the console remasters of the trilogy, or done it themselves. Then they could've used GSG to make the mobile ports of those remasters if they wanted.
If it’s GSG then absolutely not. Does it even need a remaster?
    It could use an updated renderer, weather, and better lighting on the LOD map so it looks as good as RDR and GTAV which were released on the same generation console. I wouldn’t change any design but a lot of assets could use higher res.
    GTA IV absolutely needs a remaster or more like an update which optimizes the game like GTA IV is the worst optimized and worst PC port. So, there should be a "remaster" which optimizes the game and makes the cutscenes fluid like GTA V and not choppy (you will understand if you have played the game)
    the glimmer of hope is that GTAIV uses the Rage engine, in house software that only Rockstar themselves really know how to operate and handle. 

There is no way they would give that to the hands of GSG. They legitimately would not be able to handle it
Doesn’t even need one lol, I still play it on the 360 and it still looks good
    Modern gamers think if a game is 5 years old or more it needs a remaster lol
        It's almost 14 years old.
        And thats why half of the games coming out these days are just remasters and remakes of older games. Because fuck creativity and effort.
        At the moment Its only available on pc & xbx. There’s a reason why people want it remastered. 

Online aside, it’s still 10x better than GTA V .
            >Its only available on pc & xbx.

Huh? GTA4 was released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on April 2008. PC release was in December of the same year.
                The PC port of GTA 4 was utter dogshit.
            And PS3 (imo the best version).
        It’s 14 years old you clown
            It's a figure of speech you dickhead.
    It runs at like 20fps on console
        Yet it's still a blast to play. Goes to show how enjoyable it is.
    Don't forget it's also already backwards compatible on Xbone and Series X
        Playing it right now on my S and the frame rate is much smoother. Probably 60fps about 75% of the time.
    Do you need glasses? It’s 14 years old.
        Still looks good for it’s age
    To each his own. It's a great game overall but I could never really stand the blurry brown look it has. Definitely not going to go back and play it after getting used to GTAV which is still just amazing to look at imo. I would love to see a remaster.

Keep down voting an opinion you fanboy 🤡s
        That’s just how nyc looks irl.
        You will not ever experiance how it felt like when it was first released and after all those 13 years i still think its the best GTA game. İt has an amazing story it wasnt "go kill someone" like GTA 5 it has great physics and car handling it feels like you are actually driving the car irl. Also it was an amazing remake of real NYC the times square was better than the real life one.
Can they at least make a PS4/PS5 port? I just have this tiny feeling that "remastering" it would ruin the game.
After this shit show of a release, not good lol.
Absolutely unnecessary.
    100%. A texture pack or something if anything. But this game still looks really great, i played it recently and was in awe that it came out in 2008.
    According to what? The game is ancient and is a shit pc port and doesn’t run on the new PlayStation and looks like shit on Xbox.
I'd love if they would just release the fucking base game, not even available on PS4
Gta IV doesn’t need a remastered
I loved 4,hope they dont ruin it!
Probably wouldn't be as bad as the trilogy as it's already in HD and runs on RAGE, and wasn't remastered for mobile devices unlike the trilogy, but the PC version could be buggy due to how buggy it was during the launch
    It’s still pretty buggy but I agree that it will most likely follow the GTA5 visual style. Not the worst thing in the world but I think on PC at high settings with native resolution it still looks great today.
You all wonder why we don’t have GTA 6 yet it’s because you keep paying $60 for remakes and remasters and saving rockstar having to put out a new game!
Yes. As long as they remove the online achievements in the remaster.
I'd rather just a port of the original.
If they did , I’d want all of the original music put back in game
Overall, remaster would be great. I would only limit it to upgrading textures, lightning effects etc. all the rest should remain as it is. 

But… given the fact how poorly GTA Trilogy DE was done, I’m afraid they will dumb down the physics, make game look much more colorful (that would kill the vibe) and make it full of bugs. 

If it would be remastered, it shouldn’t be outsourced to different studio. I would be happy with simple patch that allows to upscale graphics to “4K Ultimate Quality” and make it compatible with XSX and PS5
I played it again in 2019 on 4K monitor and it was awesome.. even on my old specs pc fx9590+r9 390… i think physics are still one of best openworld (2nd king after newer rdr2).. maybe AI would Need some refresh - they re just hiding
When I said remaster trilogy will be shit people downvoted me. I'm waiting for apologies.
    I accept your upvotes as apology. Thank you.
Something like mafia 2 coz rockstar no longuer care about their games
Lets hope that grove street games are doing it
    *arent 
?
        ;)
# N O

**NO**
Make a new game already, the last remaster was a trash cash grab
Not after the latest remaster shitshow
I think take2 needs to leave it the frig alone before they end up wasting everyone's time again like they just did with the trilogy. They've obviously lost their passion and skills they once had. Let some other, more competant, developer handle the gta4 remaster please
It's messed up, they ruined a whole trilogy and already trying to work on another remaster enstead of fixing the trilogy and then focus on the remaster, there still working on GTA enganced and expanded, like wtf
    The more time goes, the more rockstar looks like Ubisoft in 2016's
        And the sad thing is, people will buy it which is why rockstar treats the community like shit because no matter what they do, they know it will sell smh 🤦🏻 we are doomed, this trilogy was the first time in history that everyone came together to call rockstar out...20 years of dick riding folks, 20 long years in the making
Still got it, the dlc and a ps3 to play em on, they can screw it up for all I care!
If you would have asked me this question before the release of Definitive Triology, I’d have said yes. Now? Fuck no.
Am I the only one that thinks remasters are the biggest fucking waste of money in the gaming industry (excluding MTX).


You're telling me you want me to buy a game (again) that's X years old because you made it look pretty?

The fuck outta here with that money grubbing shit.
Is it really happening to be honest
    Rockstar is probably gonna avoid remasters for a while after what just happened.
        They should but still remake the ones we have right now
            100% agree. I’m pretty sure everyone was hoping for remakes of the trilogy when people first got word of the Definitive Edition.
Gimme bully 2 goddamn it! Fuck these remasters. They just shat out this one who’s to say they won’t shit out another dumpster fire for 60$.
It doesn't need that much, it could benefit from some improved lighting and reflection rendering. I'd say go but not by Grove street games.
Just needs better graphics/textures, the implantation of the gta v weapon/radio wheel, the ability to customise vehicles more close to GTA V and that’s really all it needs, may as well add a few more weapons into the mix because why not, let Niko use all the episodes weapons and let episodes use nikos and other episodes weapons, besides that?? The game is near perfect, I love the rag doll, car physics, city, story, down to the gang NPC’s, just love it.

The best GTA for me hands down.

Edit: as long as grove street games aren’t developing it, I’m in.
Off-topic but remember in 2018 for GTA 4’s 10th anniversary, everyone thought the game was gonna be remastered for mobile? That was funny.

Anyways, I think a GTA 4 remaster would be awesome. Don’t get me wrong, the game looks amazing for 2008, but imagine it with even better graphics. (And of course, this would add a possibility to easier play it on newer systems)
Rockstar: how about GTA 5 remaster
I think some older games should be made available to play on current/last-gen systems (a lot are still on PS4/Slim, and you can buy Pro versions). Surprising how many of them are available on xbox, but because of architecture differences, games from PS2/3 cannot be easily ported on PS4/5.

If they remaster it like improve performance/fix some bugs/port it - sure. If they change it drastically and remove some things, I don't know...

Would be nice also to have it ported by people who played the "classic" version, so they have an idea what needs to be preserved. And sometimes there are a lot of details, from flying newspapers and jokes, to fog and ambience..
best story
Doesnt need it
No
No
Best GTA game! Hope they include the awesome dlcs in the remaster!
Just don't give it to grove street games. Rockstar already has a studio known for making good remasters (rockstar dundee aka ruffian games made the masterchief collection) they should actually fucking use it
Look at how they massacred my boy! 😭
I’m not sure I am that bothered. It already looks and runs great with back compat on the series x.
eh it's decent don't need a remaster they'll probably fuck it up too
As long gsg is not involved... I am all for it
Doesn’t need one in my opinion I like the way it looks I think it fits the game really well
I am afraid
I'd be happy to play it as long as GSG doesn't go anywhere near it. I would also like them to tighten up the physics a bit - Niko controls like a tank and the cars control like wet water balloons on soap.
Shouldn't everybody learn by now that Rockstars remaster ports are complete failures.
Don't get gta IV remaster just get the original.
Until they fix everything from the gta definitive trilogy then we'll see if IV remaster is worth it.
Can't believe you all still trust them in bringing quality remasters after that.
It's not needed. That game has aged like fine wine.
It not going to happen you wouldn't believe what rockstar just put out
Need it ASAP best GTA if you ask me
    100% agree, youre the kinda of person I'd be friends with 😂
I wouldn't trust them on any future remasters and will only make a purchase decision based on after it is released and how it compares to the original release.
I don't think it's needed.  On it's highest settings, which are manageable on most mid-end computers it looks almost as good as GTA 5, and even better than the trilogy.  Maybe it would be a good idea though to port it to modern consoles perhaps for its 15th anniversary which is in two years, but I don't think they'd have to do anything to it.
As long as GSG doesn’t remake it I’ll be game
I don't trust Rockstar anymore
if it’s a legit remaster then absolutely , however just like w the most recent remasters most of the music will probably be gone
I don't think it needs one. The game, while still dated, has aged extremely well and still looks quite good for the most part.

Also, after the disaster that the newest remaster is, I'm going to be keeping a wide berth from any new remaster. GTA 4 deserves more love, yes, but if they treat the way they did the original core trilogy... God I shudder to think about it.

GTA 4 does not need a remaster. It looks good and ain't broke, so please - don't fix it.

There's so many people begging for GTA 6 and GTA Online updates. Please give us some of that before coming anywhere near us with a remaster again.
Give it 10/15 years when we're on PlayStation 6/7 and they'll remaster 4,5,6 together
[deleted]
    Interwining the campaigns wouldn't work because they all starts at different points and Niko's has far many more missions than Johnny's and Luis, meaning that the players would go through long stretches of playtime not doing missions for the two DLC characters because the story of Niko needed to progress further.

One option would be to just cut away the filler missions that don't really add much to the story of Niko Bellic, since there's a lot of them anyway, but you can already imagine that many people would complain about that.
        [deleted]
            Indeed.
No remaster needed.

Just fix the damn PC port and maybe beef up some textures here and there!
Doesn’t need one. Rdr 1 maybe but only if a different company does it. Otherwise all it really needs is a pc port
Well 
GTA IV is my Favorite GTA Story wise 
But imo it's structure is terrible
I won't ever play GTA IV again because of its repetitive missions & ... 
But I might give it a try if it gets a definitive edition {even though the structure isn't going to change ig}
    &...??
You didn't learn anything I guess.
I want it on the v engine
If it’s anything like the trilogy remasters, they can keep it.
That I'm scared of what the hell is going to do Groove Street Games...
Absolutely does not need remaster but could use a mobile port I guess? That’d be cool
Not particularly interested, 2nd weakest game of the series behind GTA 3.
    That's a bullshit lie. And GTA3 was a pioneer in gaming. To call it the weakest is a Gen Z privelige to the highest degree. Go play Call of Duty.
        Just a opinion, no need to cry 😂 3 was a breakthrough game at the time, however it was surpassed by Vice City, San Andreas and V. Nothing wrong with that, it's just how time works. 3 had also aged pretty poorly, which is to be expected.

But yeh IV was a huge disappointment. Story was far too dark and serious for GTA, mission structure was repetitive and boring along with the driving being a chore. It also lacked all the customisation that was introduced in San Andreas. Great City and presentation though
[deleted]
It's fine as is, just give it a performance boost
I cry :(
they should leave it alone
God help all of us...(c)  
Realy scary after Trilogy Definitive Edition
Nooooooooooo...
They gonna massacre my guy Niko
Yea i rather install some graphic mods than expect anything good from rockstar for 60$
4K bowling balls.
No because they’ll find a way to mess it up
I think we need a GTA 6
Nah. I love the game, so nah, please, nah.
I believe that a GTA IV remaster would 100% be better made than the GTA trilogy. It's basically just one game (the DLC uses the same map and some character models), which means devs can focus on polishing one game more instead of doing a balancing act with an entire trilogy. Plus, the graphics are already in “HD” (for 2008), which leaves them with a lot less room for reinterpretation, meaning they HAVE to do it in a realistic manner instead of making all of the character models cartoony.
Oh no
Pain
It’s too early for it to be remastered but the upside if it were remastered is that Grove Street Games is so incompetent that there’s no way they would be even capable of approaching a port using the Euphoria/Rage engine
Do moders GTA4 get more push from 2K recently - oh yes.

So - Ney, i dont want AI made me "*new texture GTA4*".
What I am hoping for is for it to get ported to the newer consoles, as I remember that it was one of the games which my PS3 struggled with the most, probably due to the unique physics that were implemented. So to see how the PS5 would deal with a game that was in many ways ahead of its time would be interesting. I know people playing on PC wouldn't get too much from this, but after seeing how they handle remasters, a port seems like the better option.

If they were to remaster it, I would hope that they would still leave the character models and most of the visuals the same instead of using some kind of basic AI upsaling and also slightly alter the controls to match GTA 5, even if it was already much more similar to it. I would also like them to add mission checkpoints into GTA 4, so I don't get quite as frustrated when being stuck on a mission lol.

However, I think I am still too optimistic and considering the mess that is the Trilogy Remaster, I think I'd prefer it if they left my favorite GTA game alone.
Only if they add some stuff to do with the money. The Game is all about making money for the american dream, but once you got it, you can only expend it on ammo for the few weapons or clothes, very few of them, and all ugly. Boring and shallow.
Yeah I’d pick this up especially if they tried to cram it onto a switch
That’s the thing I’m waiting for!
Not needed
Just use rage engine instead of unreal and ik this is leak but still
Maybe just a texture upgrade and the single player DLCs combined and thats all it needs
After seeing the trilogy remaster... please no
All I want is a bloody port to current ps systems, it doesn’t even have to be 60fps
Its alredy a great game it doesnt need a remaster just a port mayeb
As long as its a better job that trilogy but surely will be being newer. Guess character models will look dated doubt they will be updated
Please not Grove street games again
just throw few mods on and it will be "remastered".
You know how the original was notoriously unoptimized and ran like horse diarrhea across the board? I don't want them the remaster to somehow make that even worse.
It doesn't need a remaster at all. Maybe a few bug fixes (looking at you swingset in Alderny). I just think it needs to be ported to newer gen consoles.
I want to play this again soo bad, it’s a masterpiece but unless Rockstar do it themselves I don’t want it
I always want to be able to put money to Roman's cap business and help build it up. You get all that money in GTA IV for and don't have anything to use it with why not just help Roman build up his business. Do it make the canon ending where he dies even more impactful.
Maybe we could get a new game?
guess i better buy this before they remaster it and pull the original from the store
Same thing I thought about gta definitive edition. It will be a quick cash grab and a buggy mess. When will people learn
Its getting remastered? When was this announced? And what company is in charge of the remaster?
What about making new games instead of releasing the same games 500 times?
Starting a panic attack
Knowing Rockstar if they ever were to remaster it it would completely ruin the charm of the game
For pc yes it does lol runs like shit
With how much people have been complaining about the remastered trilogy, I think it should be left alone
If it's not under GSG, then praised god! Hope Rockstar Internals (San Diego, Dundee, London, etc) or Virtuous (Dev behind LA NOIRE REMASTER) would be a decent job.

If it's GSG again....\*SIGH\* I hope they don't fuck it up.
This game dosen't need a remaster it is the master. Just watch Gta v and gta IV comparisons
just needs to be optimized on pc amd thats all
Good thing they seem to have a massive hate-boner for GTA4, I doubt they'll ever bother with it again.
Leave it alone please
NO GOD PLEASE NO
I'm afraid!
Not confirmed yet so no opinions about it
I dont want a good game to be ruined, i hope they will really take care of gta4 remaster development
If the current remaster shitshow that gta trilogy definitive edition is to go about as basis… a gta 4 remaster would probably look bad
We need another 8 years for that.
Legit told my friends about me wanting gta4 to get remastered yesterday
It needs a update on PC and next generation update too. Fix everything and optimize the shit out of it.
It already holds up to today's standards (it's even better in some ways) so why would you want them to take away songs and make it look worse and dumb down some mechanics to make it look "better"? 

Take 2 loves telling Rockstar to add in some or other form of "fine print" where something seems really cool, but there's some or other fine print which just makes it a piece of shit.
Not looking forward to it, given R*'s track record with remasters
LEAVE IT THE FUCK ALONE ROCKSTAR. PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, DON'T TOUCH IT.
Leave it alone.
Buy the Xbox and PC version now before they remove them like they did with the GTA 3 and others.
Don’t want it, doesn’t need it. It holds up just fine
Anyone but don't let R* do it
I would love it, but not if they do a shity remaster like trilogy.
Im all for it as long as they don’t butcher it like they did with the definitive edition of the trilogy.
Leave it alone
All the backlash for the GTA trilogy.. y’all really think they will do IV? Lol
Will it be available on PS5 store?
If it gets remastered by people that are over the age of 5 for a difference, get me involved
I'd love that, but then again, I'm among the few who enjoy The Definitive Edition. These are my favourite games. I loved them then, and I just want to be able to play them on my PS4, I don't really care how they look. 

I do agree that Rockstar missed a trick by making a half arsed remaster and not a remake, but I still enjoy it, and I would enjoy a remaster of GTA IV as well.
Better be a better remaster than the trilogy
NO. Unless a different developer than the Definitive Editions does it, I will not be okay with my favorite GTA being remastered
All I want is for a current gen enhancement and the songs that were removed licensed back, plus the DLCs
it’s good as is so no need for a remaster, all it needs is better optimization, if it becomes another definitive edition i will lose it
Ngl a remaster would be good just actually put the time in developing it and not end up like the trilogy
I dont trust people from 4chan who say gta 4 getting a remaster
we need this remaster from groove street game. i havent laugh enough.
It needs to just be fixed on steam. So Many Fucking Glitches
at this point they’re also gonna remaster gta 1
I would like if gta 4 is going to be remastered but after seeing the rockstar remastered i don't want it
I mean there are no ways to play it on current gen PS so yeah do it
If it's anything like what Grove Street Games did this time, then no thank you.
no its fine as it is, maybe needs some slight improvements to lighting but other than that its good, just port it to newer platforms, maybe add new content
The only upgrade it needs is fixing that helicopter glitch in the final mission, otherwise it's perfect as it is
I’ve just finished playing this on back compatibility, it runs brilliantly at 60fps. Graphics could do with a bit of an upgrade but I’d say it’s good enough as it is if anyone is thinking of trying it out
Fuck yes
200% more bowling with Roman added
Probably another cash grab unless I’m proven wrong.
I’m on board. It’s my favorite and it’s looking blurry and dated (graphics wise) these days. Controls are still perfect, so they don’t need to mess with them at all. 

It’ll also be easier to remaster since it’s on the same engine as V. I don’t see them fucking this one up like they did with the trilogy.
No
I literally just want it to be re-relased so i can play it on PS4, don't fucking touch anything else in that game please
Hell yea
Honestly, I'm just wishing that they'd finally animate the weapons properly like in GTA V and change the character models to be consistent with EFLC. The first one might be a little too high of an expectation though.
I hope it's just a port with a reasonable price and they don't have any funny ideas about remastering anything on it.
After the definitive edition, no.
make a new game.
Nah, Gta4 is good as it is, if they touch it they’d probably butcher it
If it’s gonna be remastered by rockstar themselves, then I’m all in
NO
Touch my swingset glitch and they will have a very VERY bad time.
For the love of God why? If you're on PC just download the Definite Project mod pack; I'm currently doing a playthrough and it looks and feels great.
Game's already good as it is
No
And why do you trust rockstar after what they just pulled with this remaster?
Best GTA ever new enhanced version and it's the 🐐
I think it's a waste of time and resources that could be better spent on GTA 6 or fixing/improving GTA5/Online.
Thanks, but it’s still looking good and playing well. I think Rockstar need to chill from “remasters” for a while)
I'm playing it now and it definitely needs one. The weird blurriness that looks like Vaseline smeered on screen and the 360 era brown green filters can be dialed back. Driving improvements and some general texture upgrades would be ideal.

But....it will likely turn out laughably bad. The only hope for it is liberty city is treated with respect in remaster as it could be a way to finally put it in GTA online.
GTA 4 still looks a good game and honestly does not need a remaster. At best there should be performance optimizations.
It looks really good on pc. Console need a upgrade though. But only in resolution, frame rate and AA.

But what they probably will do is fuck up everything. The game wont have the brown/gray tint and it wont breathe quality, like it does.

GTA IV is a masterpiece.
Just port it to next gen, it already looks better than GTA v
I'm gonna hate it and not going to buy it if it's anything like the (gta trilogy definitely not the definitive edition)
They can keep it
Fak
They can leave it be. For the love of all that is Holy, they can leave it the FUCK alone. We dont need a repeat of the current disaster. They would probably outsource the job to one dude that used to work for a developer in the 80s that only made text based adventures.
I honestly don't see the need for that. The game is already in HD and still aesthetically good. I don't understand why people always want to remaster everything
Well if it's in development it's certainly getting delayed now XD.
As a pc player I don't really see the point. The game runs great on current hardware and still look pretty good.
Just fucking port it functionally
A GTA IV remaster right now will fuck shit up, knowing Cockstar. Hell, knowing Cockstar, they'd probably fuck up a simple port.
They need to move it to DX11/12 and upres some of the textures, improve ambient occlusion a bit and it will be very good.
after  the trilogy, no thank you
How can you remaster a masterpiece?
Money grab, not interested at all, want a true overhaul, Mafia Def Edition style
No. I don't want GTA 4 to get destroyed by Grove Street Games or Rockstar. Just some ENB modifications will work. No need of fancy engine changes or shit.
Well after the recent remaster l’ll put it in the words of Micheal Scott: NO GOD, NO GOD PLEASE NO, NO, NO, NOOOOOOOOO.
Fuck Rockstar!!
Grand Theft Auto IV already received an update in 2021 if im not mistaken, its called Grand Theft Auto IV Complete Edition and features TLAD & TBOGT too (DLC's) .  


Honestly remastering it won't do much, the game looks good even those days for me, maybe an excelent port with good FPS and 4k textures / upscalled its all we need, but if that remaster its done by the same team  known as Grove Street Games, then  R\* you better leave GTA IV alone .  


For me GTA IV was something new, it's far more "realistic" than  GTA V.
Tbh Rockstar should stay away from this gem.
I played through the game last year, still holds up tbf. Some character models can look kinda derp during cutscenes, but it's super playable
I want to take my cousin bowling in next gen
Fuck remastering 👎. New content or unrevealed content in old games like being able to enter every door 🚪 in GTA V. Otherwise, GTA VI 👍 | Los Universe | let's get into some outer space shit. Facts 👍
It better not succ like the trilogy fr
If it's as bad as the Trilogy remaster then I'd rather them just port the og to new consoles
No, rockstar will hire the lowest bidder again and ruin it. Enough of that.
Bro.... no bro we need gta 6 already.
I rather this game keeps its dark era
dont EVER let GSG come near GTA IV
Doesn't need it, just give us the PC version at 4k60fps on consoles.
As long as they don't remove the original from the launcher, I don't really care about it
They have used the trilogy as an experiment on remaster stuff and didn't want to waste a potential like GTA IV. I feel but can't be sure that they will give us something good in this scenario. Because a random graphical remaster on GTA 4 is enough as it was a game ahead of its time. I have played it recently and it still feels great among current games. I am hopeful :)
Fuck no, many assets were used for V and are therefore up to date and it doesn't need to be ruined, like SA that was ruined not once, but twice.
Too soon, but once they do remake it, more cosmetic options! Hair, facial hair, gloves, layers (shirt, hoodie, jacket, vest, coat instead of just "top") and please, finally something with short sleeves! 

Skills like in San Andreas, weapon customization and a way to get a personal vehicle that returns even if destroyed like in GTA 5 but you can also CHOOSE which vehicle is your personal vehicle.
I’m here for it. They better learn from their mistake on the Definitive edition though
Ill pass on that thanks if its anything like this trilogy
Considering what they just did, nah man I'm fine.
It better just be going bowling more
Wait, its confirmed?
They already removed songs on the 10th anniversary, so if this game does get the GSG treatment, I don’t want to hear anyone bitch that more songs got removed.
As long as it's not by Grove Street and Rockstar North themselves do it, I'm down .

During the wait for GTA VI, I'd be happy to play remastered versions of RDR1, GTA IV and Max Payne 3.
Played it again after 13 years and even in 2021 it still holds up. Remaster not needed at all.

Kinda wish I hadn’t replayed it because the physics actually felt like an upgrade compared to GTA V. How much more awesome all the new cars we got in the Los Santos Tuners update to GTA Online would have been if I could just drive them with GTA IV physics.
How about gta 6
I'm all for it but let's hope they learned from there mistakes.......though I highly doubt it
If it's mad by Grove Street Games no fucking thanks.
I don't give a damn, I love it as it is. What I really want it's RDR1 on PC in whatever graphics, even downgraded. Also GTA 2 remake would be amazing to see, but it seems to be too unrealistic, Rockstar isn't Nintendo to give a shit about their old games.
I miss the online free mode on IV, was a lot of fun with all the interiors and lack of OP vehicles that V has
Considering how broken the PC port of GTA IV is....I don't want to think about how a "definitive edition" would run on new PC's...
I would like Rockstar to add 1080p because in series x it already has 60 fps
Don't butcher this masterpiece please 🙏
No.
Naaaaaaaah, let old stuff die allready. Make frikkin' 6!!
Dont let rockstar do it, you are better off with mods that they would just take down in the event they start work on a remaster
For the love, please leave it alone! (But just fix the PC version..)
If they're going to remaster GTA IV, R* should do it. If they give that to GSG I will be freakin' mad. They made me upset with their "definitive edition" I am not gonna be happy if they fuck up my favorite GTA game of all.
Good fucking luck
I'd deserve it free with how shitty Rockstar's PC port of 4 was way back then just as an apology.
How about we stop with the remasters and get some actual new games!
In principle - yes. I would love a remaster of GTA IV. But if it's gonna be as laughable as GTA Trilogy remaster, then just leave it tf alone.
Just better lighting and make the shooting feel like gta 5 . I love gta 4 but the shooting feels very meh
As long as the euphoria physics engine isn’t removed I’m ok with it.
u mean butchered?
GTA IV is great as it is now. Just needs a performance patch for modern PCs and next gen console re-release. One thing for certain is Grove Street Studios sure as heck won't be involved in the remake/remaster if it'll ever happen since RAGE is proprietary.
NO DON'T YOU FUCKING TOUCH A SINGLE GOD DAMN PIXEL ON THIS GAME I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD DON'T
I'm here for it.  

I loved Niko's story and as a New Yorker, its just so much fun to tool around a reimagined version of this city bumping Electric Light Orchestra.
Aww shit, here we go again...
In general, yes.
After what the other 3 turned out, no.
After the work Rockstar did on the trilogy, please no.
Probably gonna suck.
Game shouldn’t be touched at least not by grove street games we need someone competent
This game doesn't need to be remastered, so I hope they don't touch it. The game plays and looks wonderful on PC.
Why? It still looks decent.
If they do remaster it then I say we don’t buy until we’re sure that rockstar didn’t fuck up again and definitely not buy in wardrum studios is involved again
It needs a resolution upscale & optimization tweaks, I don't want GTA 4 to be remastered like the Trilogy, these games are dumpster fires.
It's already fully playable on Xbone and Series X through backwards compatibility. I'd be fine with just Microsoft enhancing it like they just did with Sonic Generations and Unleashed. Atleast that way I can be 100% sure they won't fuck it up like the definitely trilogy.
Would be perfect for Switch, would definitely run just fine and it's also not to big
As long as it's not from Grove Street Games (aka War Drum Studios) then it's okay
If Grove Street Games is handling the remaster then no thank you.
They'll fuck it up.
I replayed it just a couple of months ago. While it could use improvements in combat and physics I think overall it still plays really well. Not something that necessitates a remaster.
Vice City without Billie Jean is Like Rocky without Eye of the Tiger…just my two cents
Isn't gunplay a little more clunky than in RDR2  and GTA5? I hope they will improve GTA4 with everything they got from GTA 5 and RDR2 regarding damage system, aims, fluidity, etc...

Also, why not more clothes to buy, more peds, more cars, random events maybe?

Nah, not gonna happen knowing Rockstar nowadays...
After seeing the definitive edition fuck no 😂 they gonna ruin it and a bunch of 12 year olds gonna defend it sayin “tHe GrApHicS WeRe jUst CaRToOny BaCk tHen”
Softly "Don't"
I’d rather take LCS AND VCS first. Fuck it or all 3 in one bundle.
I think im the only one here that doesn’t like four. Lol
They need to fix the existing remasters before even thinking about IV. They've done San Andreas twice and fucked it both times.
That would be cool. It will give me a chance to finally beat it. However I hope it goes better than the Definitive version mess.
I'm waiting to ses how Rockstar make the worst GTA game much worst.
They can just hire the modders that did stuff for the game instead of just shutting them off and suing them afterwards. Do the old Valve move where they acquired the people that modded Half Life and made games like CS 1.6 and Team Fortress
I would only get it, if TBoGT & TLaD get remastered. Loved those DLC's
Seems like they are just doing anything they can to not release a new game
No Thanks, Too Soon and zero interest in picking it up..

I feel the graphics the game has are still solid af, not to mention I don't want a butchered soundtrack with bright cartoon graphics, in an otherwise dark gritty crime drama.
Honestly they should just make a port of gta 4 to modern consoles and not change anything from the ps3 and Xbox 360 versions because the trilogy definitive edition was bad so if they remastered gta 4 they might ruin it
I'm terrified
Hasn't it already been 'remastered' and/or broken? Wasn't there some disastrous redo on Steam not too long ago?

'Broken' being the key word here. Rockstar LOVES breaking their old games, making them the only version you can legally get, and then abandoning them.
Worried
I'd rather them not, after how much they butched the trilogy
Maybe it'll end up being a lot better? But I am very hesitant to want to see it happening especially in light of the disastrous launch of the remastered 3-D universe trilogy.
if its like God of War III Remastered, Uncharted The Nathan Drake Collection or TLoU Remastered, im in. if its like GTA Trilogy, i will never forgive rockstar

cus main problem with gta4 that PC port is STILL awful

i mean GTA trilogy PC ports was awful too, but they were fixed by fans. thats why im laughing at that Definitive Disaster, cus i still can play originals in best quality. while gta4 on pc still plagued with flickering(textures/city ligts/night shadows) problems, and im REALLY want play without it(blurry lowpoly xbox360 version in 720p is not good alternative today). epileptic edition for sure =\\
May God have mercy on our souls.
After the trilogy, I’d say don’t do it lol. But in general, I’d be excited to see this game modernized.
Please don't massacre our boy like that
No, they really shouldn’t. I’m not ready to see GTA IV Online ruined with micro transactions and stunt races.
Pls no leave my boy alone
Doesn’t need it. It still looks great, I know some people think it looks too washed out but to me, that’s the style of it. It’s like the original 3 had their own feel. GTA3 was grey, dark and dingy. Vice was bright and saturated, San Andreas was warm and hazy.
Ain't happening, sadly.
Gta 4 deserves a next generation remaster. Like it's good as is, sure. It's my favorite GTA.
It has its issues. The game itself is very small. If they added some things that GTA 5 did right, like the stock market and purchasing vehicles online, maybe some diversity when it comes to vehicles and what condition they are in, make the streets and allys feel a little more alive, first person and maybe some other new features.
I the map itself is a good size in my opinion. Games these days make themselves huge and barren. Like yeah I can walk for 2 days and not go east from west, who gives a fuck about that if you see the same house 200 times on the way there.
Imagine; a packed "times square" when raining. Cars and taxis as far as the eye can see. The lights making it bright daytime, even though it's 10pm.
Also, would be cool if the weather changed weekly or as your progressed the story line. Snowy liberty city would be lit.
Radio Vladivostok is completely gone and butchered. It simply won't feel the same at all. It doesn't need it. A couple color fixes on PC to remove that brown filter they use and it's more than fine today.
If it's done by Grove Street Games  and their AI upscaling programs. No thank you.
I wore it in the game w a trainer, is it not normally in the game or smth?
    yeah it is in the files, the trainer actually just accessed them. Rockstar probably put them away to fit with more casual looking clothes like shirts. I swapped the files and still thought that Niko looks badass with them in a suit
        I believe you unlock these when you kill all the pigeons but don't quote me
            Nah that was a rumour for a while but it was proven to be false
                Ah okay cheers
                I remember chasing them for hours man
            Nothing unlocks them except mods. The reason they’re removed is there’s no gloves selection in the system for buying and changing clothes. If they’d gone with just changing whole outfits instead of separate pieces then they would be part of Niko’s default outfit.
I remember there were all sorts of wild forum rumors when that game came out about how to get the fingerless gloves. My favorite was that you had to spend hundreds of hours in the subway to find Rat Man, a homeless half-rat half-human that lived in the tunnels. Once you found Rat Man, you had to chase him down and kill him. A fast motorcycle was advised, because he had superhuman speed. Once he was dead, you could loot the fingerless gloves off his corpse.
    Gta rumors are so wild
        The good ol’ days of the internet were somethin’ else, man.
    I remember playing GTA4 with my fat PS3 and literally hearing about the rumors of the aliens/UFOs on those old gta sites. I spent hours running around the map and finding that old brick building (abandoned soda plant was it? Haven’t played GTA4 since 08) and never finding aliens. 

Better times.
    Man the fuckin’ rat man rumours is such a throwback. I don’t think there was any real like, evidence to them, but I’ve seen some real weird shit in the subway tunnels on that game - shit that would freak me out today
        Like what?
    The rat man.... Good old times... Spent hours down in the tunnels
        Me too. The worst easter egg hunt I ever went on was  Driver 2 on the PS1. The manual said that one of the characters was known to hang around in back alleys and liked to aide and abet felons. Little me took this as a literal statement and not a description of his seedy nature and I would get a small felony level and drive around the back alleys for hours trying to meet him.
            I totally feel this!
Agree 100% I wanna play this game again
    After all this trilogy crap, I started playing through IV again this week. It's perfect as is. 


It's not just my favorite GTA, it might be my favorite game.
        The physics really added so much detail to the sandbox (ie running over pedestrians is way funnier)
    [deleted]
        This is personal preference but I think 4 might be the best in the series and that's including the dlc. Definitely pick it up when you get the chance
            I agree. I enjoyed 4 much more than I did five and I think it had to do with the character switching; I didn't really get time to connect with each of the main characters.
                For me it was a number of reasons but a big one for me that was controversial at the time is GTA 4's relationship system. The game does a really good job in making you feel like you have a social life in the big city and you get rewarded for hanging out with your friends via certain bonuses. Also because of all that, the characters are much more memorable as a whole. I ended up caring about them. In a time when so many open world games are just big with nothing much to do (-cough- Cyberpunk -cough-) I'd argue that GTA 4 was ahead of it's time.
                    One of the things I would also address is the relationship system actually. While the calls for activity invites did add that social vibe, they got annoying after a while. I think they could tone down the frequency in this iteration.
                        It would also be nice if you didn’t lose rep when you decline an invite to hang out with a friend. Especially if it’s during a mission when you literally can’t accept even if you want to.
                            Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
                                I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
                        That's fair. I personally didn't mind them but I understand how they can be annoying for some for sure and that's valid.
        you’ve missed out. beware though, vehicle handling is much better than V and by that I mean, you’ll probably think it’s shittier. V feels like gokarting, while in IV you actually have to drive.
            [deleted]
                Chucking a grenade into a group of people somehow *felt* like it was raining bodies.
                i think that R* was going to the good good since the beginning, however, the major audience didn’t really understand what they were going for and so for V, they dumbed it down real bad, and viola, the majority is pleased, they’re also feeding the gtaO issue too. so for us, we can just sit back and hope R* doesn’t ruin IV for us too. if they redid IV, so that it ran in x64 and kept the essentials as they were.. oh boy.. heavy breathing intensifies.
                This may not be a super popular opinion, but I still feel like GTA V still has pretty great physics. Half the fun I have in that game is watching my character fly around as a ragdoll.

Sadly this also comes at the cost of everything needing to "slide into place" anytime you try to interact with anything, so outside of freeroam, the game feels extremely clunky.
                    Both 4 and 5 use euphoria physics engine but 5s is a bit dumbed down.
                        >~~a bit~~

very*
            The firefights felt weightier in 4 too. I still remember chasing a guy down the street and as he was making a corner, I blew him away with a shotgun. My friend and I both were shocked at how realistic he took the shot and went down since he had the momentum going around the corner he went down really realistically.
                \*long post alert\*

I have a memory (many actually) from GTA IV that I will NEVER forget because of how much it shocked a very young me. It was for one of the mafia arc missions, where you're told to chase down some Uncle guy or something that betrayed the family.

Anyway, it's a standard pursuit mission, and I remember blowing his back tires out and it made him spin, t-bone an oncoming car, and just automatically get out. I stop and get out too, he takes aim with a big shotgun, and I blasted him in the head a few times with my heavy pistol, killing him instantly. As he went down, though, the shotgun hit the ground way before his body even started to fall.

It hit the ground in front of him while standing completely upright, and the shotgun then discharged from the impact and BLEW HIS CORPSE THE FUCK AWAY, blasting him right under the chin, in the most vivid, picturesque fashion that I'll never forget. Crazy blood spray cloud, and his previously falling body was just absolutely SLAMMED backward into the ground ( I swear, I remember hearing a much louder thud and crack than normal), and I just sat there with my jaw dropped, basically shaking with bewilderment & excitement. Nothing like that ever, ever happened again, but I replayed it so many times in my mind I'll never forget.

Further on that, I'll probably never forget most of that game. I played GTA IV almost RELIGIOUSLY when it came out, and I was fairly young (6th grade and 7th grade). I used to be obsessed with that game, so much so that I would restart it basically every week to play through it again.

I had it down to an exact science, and would restart it getting home from school on Friday, playing until late into the night, picking back up Saturday morning, and having it beat by early afternoon. After like, a few weeks, I finally did it fast enough to get that achievement for beating the story in under 34 hours or something.

That included just about every single mission in the game, most stranger encounters. I swear, I was probably a walking, breathing strategy guide for that game at the age of 12 and 13. Knew where to go, for everything, the best way to do it, hiding spots of items, how to trigger story phone calls (I was obsessed with waiting and triggering those phone calls because I thought it was so cool).

Each playthrough seemed to have a different obsession or requirement, like a specific outfit, or using certain guns, or making sure I'm in certain spots for phonecalls that happen during the story, only executing certain people, using a certain car only, only using one apartment, etc. I truly believe this game began my affixion for videogame roleplay stuff, and also I'm sure these were early expressions of my OCD and other things. This game impacted me so much in some ways, and was an escape. So much stuff I didn't get to mention here lol. Hell, to this day I still do a pretty damn good Russian/Slavic accent that I specifically tried to copy from Niko and other characters. 

Sorry for the wall of text, this thread and your comment specifically just brought back SO much nostalgia for me! I might just reinstall GTA IV (PC) and replay to feel like a kid again :).
                    I don’t have anything to add but thank you for sharing this, it was a good read
                    I would love to watch a video of those first three paragraphs.
                    Very cool. Think id rather try iv again on pc vs the trilogy until its fixed hopefully. Its been a long time. IV hits a different spot and feeling entirely.

I think IV is modern enough to benefit from mods more than a remake but if its done well why not.
            One of my favourite features was the way people react when u shoot em, in 5 they just kinda go down whereas in 4 they suffer in the full mysery of the RAGE engines torment
            Don’t wanna be that guy but karting is much harder than the real thing and it is where you actually have to drive. But I get the point that you’re trying to make!
                ofc it is! my point being that V cars are way more planted and manuverable, like go-karts are, in comparison to actual full sized vehicles.
                Any car that's automatic is practically a go kart, driving is using manual/stick
                    Driving is piloting an automobile. If you know what you're doing there is no difference between manual and auto. You're not special because you can hit a clutch and move a stick.
                        There's a huge difference between manual and auto, for one automatic won't just stop and make you turn the engine off for changing gear wrong, or for trying to get into reverse. I never said people are special for driving stick, just that driving automatic is like driving a go kart. I didn't know so many people got offended because they couldn't drive manual.
                            Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
                                .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
                    I agree with this person. give me down votes
                        If it helps you feel better ^^
                        I gave this guy his first downvote, now give me downvotes
            I mean. It's like real driving if every car has bad brakes
                in regards to IV? maybe just a tad bit, but usually sports and “new” cars have relatively good brakes. but i totally see where you’re coming from. IMO it’s nice that they’re a little crappier, makes it more challenging, to me at least.
                    I think dialing back a smidge would be the right balance.
            Driving in IV felt like absolute dogshit compared to V. Felt like you were driving on an ice rink the whole time.
            I love GTA IV the story is my favourite across the Franchise, but the vehicle handling is dog shit. I don't know how anyone can say it's better then V. It feels like you're riding on inflatables.

Everything else IV is superior over V, except maybe online.
                i think it’s exactly opposite. gta v has some good content, over the top content too, but it’s got stuff that would be great in IV. unfortunately, handling is one of those things i’d rather have like in IV. i’d love if there was a way to port vehicle engine sounds over to IV from V. they’re by far better in V
                    I think its terrible, you can't drive round a corner quickly or break without feeling the car is pulling you to side. I drive vehicles irl, and they don't handle like cars in GTA IV. 

The damage is realistic in IV though, especially crashes and when cars explode. I love that on iv.
                        60mph in a 90 degree turn? if you drive slow and civil, everything handles fine, if you throw your vehicle in a powerslide, what do you expect, constant grip? i could agree that some vehicles like cavalade are exaggerated, but generally it’s really good. try driving with an xbox controller in hood view. it’s pretty good.
                            Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
                                i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
            honestly after replaying GTA V for the 3rd time 2 months ago, it was sooo refreshing playing GTA IV again. I rarely hit anything honestly and turning seemed easier.
            The physics are badass in IV. Honestly GTA IV deserves the 10/10 it scored back when it released because it is truly THE best in the series. I still play it on my PC, maxed settings and 1080p 60fps gameplay it doesn't need a remaster it looks phenomenal. (It never received optimization patches though, which is why I think the PC port is terrible despite the better looking graphics....did I just talk myself INTO a remaster? XD)
            Yeah I HATED the driving in 4 when it came out. I love it now though.
        I just love New York better than Cali. Liberty city is so much better than Los santos
        There's some ways it's better. The story is a lot darker and deeper, but sometimes it doesn't thread as well. The first few hours of gameplay is basically a taxi simulator. Others noted a few advantages, but these are the main things I noticed. 

1) Friendships. You actually have to put in work to make different characters like you. Hangouts have actual meaning, and getting someone to like you after a certain point may unlock an ability for them to do favors for you. 

2) Restaurants. There's a lot more interaction available with more restaurants and food carts. 

3) Destructive environment. During a fire fight in some buildings, the edges of some walls may show damage and allow you to shoot through them. 

4) Damage. The way enemies take damage is a lot better. It's not like GTA V where a single shot in the foot may finish the enemy. 


Disadvantages compared to GTA V

1) The radio stations aren't that great, and the lack of a radio wheel. You have to cycle through all the stations to find the one you like. 

2) Lack of a weapon wheel. There's some scenarios where this will aggravate you. 

3) Flying. There isn't really many flying choices, and the physics of the helicopter is pretty meh. 

4) No checkpoints. 


Up to personal taste:

1) The map. I'm not the biggest fan of the map, but others love it, and you may like it as well. I just wish there was more natural areas to explore and other smaller towns like in GTA V. 

2) The physics. Some of the physics seem to be more realistic. But each person will have their own preference.
            Yo jazz nation radio > any gta 5 radio station, it was to sole reason for me to play gta IV again this year.
                JNR and the fact that it's set in "New York" makes all the difference to me too!

Honest to God, this is the exact game that made me love Jazz as a genre. I thought it was just shit like Kenny G before that
        play it yourself, don't listen to anybody else and form your own opinion instead, i'd say they're both special in their own ways though..
        Better is a matter of opinion. I liked the characters in 4 more than I did 5, but, the story also takes itself a little too seriously at times which doesn't always mesh with GTA's world. 

The physics and vehicle handling take some getting used to but aren't a deal breaker, and some of the game mechanics are... pushed a bit hard, but it's still a solid game.

Personally I loved it right up until the last mission, when it suddenly goes for a Big Serious Game gut punch that just annoyed me, so on replays I just quit a few minutes early.
            the seriousness is what makes it good

it makes sense that they had the game located in liberty city (NYC) as gritty as it is

los santos and vice city (LA and MIA) are too laid back for it to work in those locations

there’s subtle satire everywhere if you look, it just seems more obscure because it’s not rubbed in your face the way it is in SA and V
            Brucie has entered the chat.
        The complete edition has one of the best protagonist imo. Luis Lopez. Easily in my top 3 main characters of the franchise
        It's better than 5 in some ways but the missions and the map are bland and boring.
        Driving is better in 5, everything else is better in 4 IMO
        4 is way better in almost every way.
    replaying on PS3 now and loving it
        I’m playing it on series x with a locked 60 FPS. It’s amazing. I’m also playing through max Payne 3 because it became backward compatible on Xbox yesterday
    Best GTA
    So just play it?
        He means an enhanced version tailored for current gen..
    Just hook up the ps3 and play?
That’s what it is according to the more reliable leaks
    Good. Although I don't trust leaks.
        Yea always take leaks with a grain of salt. Although in this case the leaker is pretty reliable in the cod community and isn’t just some random guy on 4chan. Still take it with a grain of salt tho
agreed the game still looks fine on Xbox One X & Series X for a game that came out in 2008 all they’d have to do is do what they did with GTA V on PS4 & Xbox One and it would do numbers
Same with RDR 1 and Undead Nightmare
Wouldn't a current-gen upgrade be a remaster?
    I think they mean a current gen port, so the exact same game but playable on current gen with QOL updates.
        I don't think it would hurt to clean up the textures. Just double check them this time.
    Well I wouldn't call TLoU2 ps5 upgrade a remaster. Or the Assassin creed upgrade a remaster.
And remove the online achievements✨✨
Maybe some performance improvement would also be nice, this game still runs pretty poorly on my pc and I can play rdr2 and gta 5 on high
Agreed
yeah I agree. a full remaster/remake will definitely be welcome, but I’ll take a next gen upgrade with QOL updates.
The performance was shocking across every port (especially the PC port unfortunately). I feel it doesn’t necessarily need a remaster it just needs a massive performance upgrade.
GTA 4 needs a PC port that is actually optimized
YES! I recently played GTA IV on my Xbox One and it still looks, and plays, really well.
Exactly.

Just a proper re-release, like GTA V from PS3 to PS4. Same treatment alongiside some small engine upgrades.

Im sure this isn't that hard and would be more than enough, GTA IV is still an amazing game.
This, but also adding the ability to customize cars, this is really my only problem with GTA4
Yeah, just fix them compatibility issues and charge the same price plus some 10% I'd say
It could use some QOL upgrades, otherwise I agree.
they should give it the Xbox one treatment... but with proper render upscaling.
Yes sir. It’s one of the gtas I missed. Don’t need a remaster, just need it in a more recent console
i'm replaying it on pc right now, and the only gripe i have is the camera auto centering. sometimes i want to run forward while looking in another direction and it just wants to reset super fast, super annoying.
Second this. Only thing I would want is the driving tightened up a tiny bit, but not as arcade-like as 5.
Just 4K with 60fps and we’re set.
    1st person, Haptics, adaptives and ray tracing would be welcomed also.
        *grove street games has entered the chat*
The driving is terrible in GTA 4. The water looks like shit. The textures are already pretty HD but still could use an upgrade. The game was released in 2008 there's definitely been improvements in fidelity and hardware in the last 13-14 years.
    The driving is awesome in GTA 4
The sad part about that company is their name is literally based off GTA... If Rockstar were to stop using them what the fuck would they do lmao
    They’ll be porting gta 5 to mobile, obviously! The next $60 endeavor for all adoring fans of the series! Lol.
        ngl at this point GTA V could probably run on the latest iPhones and Androids with Snapdragon 865 and above

Just drop the graphics to ps3 level and it should be good with some optimization
            Seems about right, although I dunno how a phone would be able to handle it without cutting down on how many NPCs can spawn
                I mean yeah there are gonna be some restrictions but with how powerful phones are (especially the apple bionic chips) I'd say it's possible.
                    You are so lucky, last time I said that i had to delete my post for the downvotes.
                        ugh that sucks. It's certainly plausible imo.
                            Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
    I think the name is actually based off where the studio was created, it’s just luck that it fits with the GTA universe
[deleted]
    Lmao true.
Yep. If they’re not making a new GTA, and they want to remaster something, bringing RDR1 up to the standards of RDR2 is the way to go.
    i suppose since GTA remasters are not working,and GTA 5 is slowly becoming dead cow,it makes sense their next cash cow is Red Dead Universe till GTA 6 but only time will tell what plans they have.
        Yep, it’s hard to know what they’ll do. History has shown that they care even less about Red Dead fans than they do about GTA fans so I’m not holding my breath lol
I think rdr1 has been leaked but then again so has gta 6 about nine thousand times
Exactly, it's alread good the way it is. It's just like Sweet said at the end of GTA SA, "If it ain't broke don't fix it".
Honestly, despite the failure of triology, I'd like to see how a remaster of this game would turn like. We got nothing to lose anyway unless we pre order.
    Except we did lose a lot of stuff with these shitty trilogy. Ability to even buy the old versions, plenty of mods getting DMCA strikes
        [deleted]
            If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer. Pcgaming wiki is my go to, never pirating games, it takes 10 minutes to mod san andreas
                Wow the gatekeeping.
                    It's not gatekeeping, you're free to mod or not just don't claim pirated versions are better when better effects can be achieved with 10 minute drag and drop
                        The pirated versions are actually better though.
                            In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
                                Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
                        >If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer

That is ***literally*** gatekeeping, boyo.
                            Ok suck a cock kid
    [deleted]
        If you're on playstation get fucked.
            [deleted]
                Or crack a free version on pc, which is easier and better
                As someone who's played the game on pretty much every system it was available for, it looks and plays pretty bad on those consoles. The PS3 version has no antialiasing (which looks horrible considering it runs at 720p) and the X360 version is extremely blurry. Frame rate is bad on both systems.
                    Oh please. It's 14 years old. It plays just fine on the PS3.
                        Sure it looks nice for a 14 year old game, and it surely blew my mind back in 2008. But upon revisiting it earlier this year I couldn't help but notice it could use some graphical and performance improvements (stuff that GSG doesn't seem to be capable of btw).
                        No...

It looks, and runs like, just how V runs like shit on the day one PS4 and Xbox One...

PC is a different story.
                        "plays just fine" 

Why do you guys either outright lie or just act like you have zero standards? 

This isn't recency bias what I'm about to say, as I've played GTA IV on PS3 again last year and boy oh boy is it bad. The visual fidelity is awful with blurry, washed out filters to try to hide the jaggies due to bad/non-existent anti-aliasing, the resolution in general is a sub-720p framebuffer, and the framerate is abysmal. The framerate is always in the low-20s and often falls into the teens when things get hairy, and as a result the frametimes are also horrendous. 

The 360 version barely fares any better and the PC port is infamous for how badly done it was. These are all objective facts. You can say you personally don't mind all these things, but to imply it's even a good experience is laughable.
                            Virgin alert 🚨
                                Cope lmao
Really the only reason the trilogy got so messed up was because those games are 17-20 years old. I can’t imagine GTA 4 getting messed up, and chances are they’ll have a different dev team (or at least help GSG)
    GTA 4 is 13 years old my friend
        Sorry I probably should’ve been more specific, I meant to say the HD era is much more graphically impressive than the 3D era where the trilogy comes from. Being on a more-modern engine and everything, I’d assume GTA IV would be much more easy to remaster, since a lot of things in the Trilogy Remaster had to be rebuilt.
            No doubt!
Still hard to believe 4 is that old
                Oh for sure, I’ve been working on a playthrough recently and it really seems like it’s newer than 2008. It’s a really great game
    Grove Street Games has fucked up porting GTA games to console 2 times now. Once in 2014 with San Andreas and now again with the trilogy. I would seriously hope Rockstar would finally be smart enough not to use them again but I honestly doubt it. GSG isn't necessarily a bad game company, but they're a mobile game company. They shouldn't be used for making console games.
        Yeah, that’s why I’m not sure why they went to GSG again, since the San Andreas remaster is probably known as the worst Rockstar release (besides the Trilogy Remaster I guess)

I’m just hoping they fix some of these problems with the bug patches
            Yeah going to them again didn't make much sense at all honestly. In my opinion, they should've hired a different company to make the console remasters of the trilogy, or done it themselves. Then they could've used GSG to make the mobile ports of those remasters if they wanted.
It could use an updated renderer, weather, and better lighting on the LOD map so it looks as good as RDR and GTAV which were released on the same generation console. I wouldn’t change any design but a lot of assets could use higher res.
GTA IV absolutely needs a remaster or more like an update which optimizes the game like GTA IV is the worst optimized and worst PC port. So, there should be a "remaster" which optimizes the game and makes the cutscenes fluid like GTA V and not choppy (you will understand if you have played the game)
the glimmer of hope is that GTAIV uses the Rage engine, in house software that only Rockstar themselves really know how to operate and handle. 

There is no way they would give that to the hands of GSG. They legitimately would not be able to handle it
Modern gamers think if a game is 5 years old or more it needs a remaster lol
    It's almost 14 years old.
    And thats why half of the games coming out these days are just remasters and remakes of older games. Because fuck creativity and effort.
    At the moment Its only available on pc & xbx. There’s a reason why people want it remastered. 

Online aside, it’s still 10x better than GTA V .
        >Its only available on pc & xbx.

Huh? GTA4 was released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on April 2008. PC release was in December of the same year.
            The PC port of GTA 4 was utter dogshit.
        And PS3 (imo the best version).
    It’s 14 years old you clown
        It's a figure of speech you dickhead.
It runs at like 20fps on console
    Yet it's still a blast to play. Goes to show how enjoyable it is.
Don't forget it's also already backwards compatible on Xbone and Series X
    Playing it right now on my S and the frame rate is much smoother. Probably 60fps about 75% of the time.
Do you need glasses? It’s 14 years old.
    Still looks good for it’s age
To each his own. It's a great game overall but I could never really stand the blurry brown look it has. Definitely not going to go back and play it after getting used to GTAV which is still just amazing to look at imo. I would love to see a remaster.

Keep down voting an opinion you fanboy 🤡s
    That’s just how nyc looks irl.
    You will not ever experiance how it felt like when it was first released and after all those 13 years i still think its the best GTA game. İt has an amazing story it wasnt "go kill someone" like GTA 5 it has great physics and car handling it feels like you are actually driving the car irl. Also it was an amazing remake of real NYC the times square was better than the real life one.
100%. A texture pack or something if anything. But this game still looks really great, i played it recently and was in awe that it came out in 2008.
According to what? The game is ancient and is a shit pc port and doesn’t run on the new PlayStation and looks like shit on Xbox.
It’s still pretty buggy but I agree that it will most likely follow the GTA5 visual style. Not the worst thing in the world but I think on PC at high settings with native resolution it still looks great today.
I accept your upvotes as apology. Thank you.
*arent 
?
    ;)
The more time goes, the more rockstar looks like Ubisoft in 2016's
    And the sad thing is, people will buy it which is why rockstar treats the community like shit because no matter what they do, they know it will sell smh 🤦🏻 we are doomed, this trilogy was the first time in history that everyone came together to call rockstar out...20 years of dick riding folks, 20 long years in the making
Rockstar is probably gonna avoid remasters for a while after what just happened.
    They should but still remake the ones we have right now
        100% agree. I’m pretty sure everyone was hoping for remakes of the trilogy when people first got word of the Definitive Edition.
100% agree, youre the kinda of person I'd be friends with 😂
Interwining the campaigns wouldn't work because they all starts at different points and Niko's has far many more missions than Johnny's and Luis, meaning that the players would go through long stretches of playtime not doing missions for the two DLC characters because the story of Niko needed to progress further.

One option would be to just cut away the filler missions that don't really add much to the story of Niko Bellic, since there's a lot of them anyway, but you can already imagine that many people would complain about that.
    [deleted]
        Indeed.
&...??
That's a bullshit lie. And GTA3 was a pioneer in gaming. To call it the weakest is a Gen Z privelige to the highest degree. Go play Call of Duty.
    Just a opinion, no need to cry 😂 3 was a breakthrough game at the time, however it was surpassed by Vice City, San Andreas and V. Nothing wrong with that, it's just how time works. 3 had also aged pretty poorly, which is to be expected.

But yeh IV was a huge disappointment. Story was far too dark and serious for GTA, mission structure was repetitive and boring along with the driving being a chore. It also lacked all the customisation that was introduced in San Andreas. Great City and presentation though
yeah it is in the files, the trainer actually just accessed them. Rockstar probably put them away to fit with more casual looking clothes like shirts. I swapped the files and still thought that Niko looks badass with them in a suit
    I believe you unlock these when you kill all the pigeons but don't quote me
        Nah that was a rumour for a while but it was proven to be false
            Ah okay cheers
            I remember chasing them for hours man
        Nothing unlocks them except mods. The reason they’re removed is there’s no gloves selection in the system for buying and changing clothes. If they’d gone with just changing whole outfits instead of separate pieces then they would be part of Niko’s default outfit.
Gta rumors are so wild
    The good ol’ days of the internet were somethin’ else, man.
I remember playing GTA4 with my fat PS3 and literally hearing about the rumors of the aliens/UFOs on those old gta sites. I spent hours running around the map and finding that old brick building (abandoned soda plant was it? Haven’t played GTA4 since 08) and never finding aliens. 

Better times.
Man the fuckin’ rat man rumours is such a throwback. I don’t think there was any real like, evidence to them, but I’ve seen some real weird shit in the subway tunnels on that game - shit that would freak me out today
    Like what?
The rat man.... Good old times... Spent hours down in the tunnels
    Me too. The worst easter egg hunt I ever went on was  Driver 2 on the PS1. The manual said that one of the characters was known to hang around in back alleys and liked to aide and abet felons. Little me took this as a literal statement and not a description of his seedy nature and I would get a small felony level and drive around the back alleys for hours trying to meet him.
        I totally feel this!
After all this trilogy crap, I started playing through IV again this week. It's perfect as is. 


It's not just my favorite GTA, it might be my favorite game.
    The physics really added so much detail to the sandbox (ie running over pedestrians is way funnier)
[deleted]
    This is personal preference but I think 4 might be the best in the series and that's including the dlc. Definitely pick it up when you get the chance
        I agree. I enjoyed 4 much more than I did five and I think it had to do with the character switching; I didn't really get time to connect with each of the main characters.
            For me it was a number of reasons but a big one for me that was controversial at the time is GTA 4's relationship system. The game does a really good job in making you feel like you have a social life in the big city and you get rewarded for hanging out with your friends via certain bonuses. Also because of all that, the characters are much more memorable as a whole. I ended up caring about them. In a time when so many open world games are just big with nothing much to do (-cough- Cyberpunk -cough-) I'd argue that GTA 4 was ahead of it's time.
                One of the things I would also address is the relationship system actually. While the calls for activity invites did add that social vibe, they got annoying after a while. I think they could tone down the frequency in this iteration.
                    It would also be nice if you didn’t lose rep when you decline an invite to hang out with a friend. Especially if it’s during a mission when you literally can’t accept even if you want to.
                        Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
                            I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
                    That's fair. I personally didn't mind them but I understand how they can be annoying for some for sure and that's valid.
    you’ve missed out. beware though, vehicle handling is much better than V and by that I mean, you’ll probably think it’s shittier. V feels like gokarting, while in IV you actually have to drive.
        [deleted]
            Chucking a grenade into a group of people somehow *felt* like it was raining bodies.
            i think that R* was going to the good good since the beginning, however, the major audience didn’t really understand what they were going for and so for V, they dumbed it down real bad, and viola, the majority is pleased, they’re also feeding the gtaO issue too. so for us, we can just sit back and hope R* doesn’t ruin IV for us too. if they redid IV, so that it ran in x64 and kept the essentials as they were.. oh boy.. heavy breathing intensifies.
            This may not be a super popular opinion, but I still feel like GTA V still has pretty great physics. Half the fun I have in that game is watching my character fly around as a ragdoll.

Sadly this also comes at the cost of everything needing to "slide into place" anytime you try to interact with anything, so outside of freeroam, the game feels extremely clunky.
                Both 4 and 5 use euphoria physics engine but 5s is a bit dumbed down.
                    >~~a bit~~

very*
        The firefights felt weightier in 4 too. I still remember chasing a guy down the street and as he was making a corner, I blew him away with a shotgun. My friend and I both were shocked at how realistic he took the shot and went down since he had the momentum going around the corner he went down really realistically.
            \*long post alert\*

I have a memory (many actually) from GTA IV that I will NEVER forget because of how much it shocked a very young me. It was for one of the mafia arc missions, where you're told to chase down some Uncle guy or something that betrayed the family.

Anyway, it's a standard pursuit mission, and I remember blowing his back tires out and it made him spin, t-bone an oncoming car, and just automatically get out. I stop and get out too, he takes aim with a big shotgun, and I blasted him in the head a few times with my heavy pistol, killing him instantly. As he went down, though, the shotgun hit the ground way before his body even started to fall.

It hit the ground in front of him while standing completely upright, and the shotgun then discharged from the impact and BLEW HIS CORPSE THE FUCK AWAY, blasting him right under the chin, in the most vivid, picturesque fashion that I'll never forget. Crazy blood spray cloud, and his previously falling body was just absolutely SLAMMED backward into the ground ( I swear, I remember hearing a much louder thud and crack than normal), and I just sat there with my jaw dropped, basically shaking with bewilderment & excitement. Nothing like that ever, ever happened again, but I replayed it so many times in my mind I'll never forget.

Further on that, I'll probably never forget most of that game. I played GTA IV almost RELIGIOUSLY when it came out, and I was fairly young (6th grade and 7th grade). I used to be obsessed with that game, so much so that I would restart it basically every week to play through it again.

I had it down to an exact science, and would restart it getting home from school on Friday, playing until late into the night, picking back up Saturday morning, and having it beat by early afternoon. After like, a few weeks, I finally did it fast enough to get that achievement for beating the story in under 34 hours or something.

That included just about every single mission in the game, most stranger encounters. I swear, I was probably a walking, breathing strategy guide for that game at the age of 12 and 13. Knew where to go, for everything, the best way to do it, hiding spots of items, how to trigger story phone calls (I was obsessed with waiting and triggering those phone calls because I thought it was so cool).

Each playthrough seemed to have a different obsession or requirement, like a specific outfit, or using certain guns, or making sure I'm in certain spots for phonecalls that happen during the story, only executing certain people, using a certain car only, only using one apartment, etc. I truly believe this game began my affixion for videogame roleplay stuff, and also I'm sure these were early expressions of my OCD and other things. This game impacted me so much in some ways, and was an escape. So much stuff I didn't get to mention here lol. Hell, to this day I still do a pretty damn good Russian/Slavic accent that I specifically tried to copy from Niko and other characters. 

Sorry for the wall of text, this thread and your comment specifically just brought back SO much nostalgia for me! I might just reinstall GTA IV (PC) and replay to feel like a kid again :).
                I don’t have anything to add but thank you for sharing this, it was a good read
                I would love to watch a video of those first three paragraphs.
                Very cool. Think id rather try iv again on pc vs the trilogy until its fixed hopefully. Its been a long time. IV hits a different spot and feeling entirely.

I think IV is modern enough to benefit from mods more than a remake but if its done well why not.
        One of my favourite features was the way people react when u shoot em, in 5 they just kinda go down whereas in 4 they suffer in the full mysery of the RAGE engines torment
        Don’t wanna be that guy but karting is much harder than the real thing and it is where you actually have to drive. But I get the point that you’re trying to make!
            ofc it is! my point being that V cars are way more planted and manuverable, like go-karts are, in comparison to actual full sized vehicles.
            Any car that's automatic is practically a go kart, driving is using manual/stick
                Driving is piloting an automobile. If you know what you're doing there is no difference between manual and auto. You're not special because you can hit a clutch and move a stick.
                    There's a huge difference between manual and auto, for one automatic won't just stop and make you turn the engine off for changing gear wrong, or for trying to get into reverse. I never said people are special for driving stick, just that driving automatic is like driving a go kart. I didn't know so many people got offended because they couldn't drive manual.
                        Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
                            .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
                I agree with this person. give me down votes
                    If it helps you feel better ^^
                    I gave this guy his first downvote, now give me downvotes
        I mean. It's like real driving if every car has bad brakes
            in regards to IV? maybe just a tad bit, but usually sports and “new” cars have relatively good brakes. but i totally see where you’re coming from. IMO it’s nice that they’re a little crappier, makes it more challenging, to me at least.
                I think dialing back a smidge would be the right balance.
        Driving in IV felt like absolute dogshit compared to V. Felt like you were driving on an ice rink the whole time.
        I love GTA IV the story is my favourite across the Franchise, but the vehicle handling is dog shit. I don't know how anyone can say it's better then V. It feels like you're riding on inflatables.

Everything else IV is superior over V, except maybe online.
            i think it’s exactly opposite. gta v has some good content, over the top content too, but it’s got stuff that would be great in IV. unfortunately, handling is one of those things i’d rather have like in IV. i’d love if there was a way to port vehicle engine sounds over to IV from V. they’re by far better in V
                I think its terrible, you can't drive round a corner quickly or break without feeling the car is pulling you to side. I drive vehicles irl, and they don't handle like cars in GTA IV. 

The damage is realistic in IV though, especially crashes and when cars explode. I love that on iv.
                    60mph in a 90 degree turn? if you drive slow and civil, everything handles fine, if you throw your vehicle in a powerslide, what do you expect, constant grip? i could agree that some vehicles like cavalade are exaggerated, but generally it’s really good. try driving with an xbox controller in hood view. it’s pretty good.
                        Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
                            i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
        honestly after replaying GTA V for the 3rd time 2 months ago, it was sooo refreshing playing GTA IV again. I rarely hit anything honestly and turning seemed easier.
        The physics are badass in IV. Honestly GTA IV deserves the 10/10 it scored back when it released because it is truly THE best in the series. I still play it on my PC, maxed settings and 1080p 60fps gameplay it doesn't need a remaster it looks phenomenal. (It never received optimization patches though, which is why I think the PC port is terrible despite the better looking graphics....did I just talk myself INTO a remaster? XD)
        Yeah I HATED the driving in 4 when it came out. I love it now though.
    I just love New York better than Cali. Liberty city is so much better than Los santos
    There's some ways it's better. The story is a lot darker and deeper, but sometimes it doesn't thread as well. The first few hours of gameplay is basically a taxi simulator. Others noted a few advantages, but these are the main things I noticed. 

1) Friendships. You actually have to put in work to make different characters like you. Hangouts have actual meaning, and getting someone to like you after a certain point may unlock an ability for them to do favors for you. 

2) Restaurants. There's a lot more interaction available with more restaurants and food carts. 

3) Destructive environment. During a fire fight in some buildings, the edges of some walls may show damage and allow you to shoot through them. 

4) Damage. The way enemies take damage is a lot better. It's not like GTA V where a single shot in the foot may finish the enemy. 


Disadvantages compared to GTA V

1) The radio stations aren't that great, and the lack of a radio wheel. You have to cycle through all the stations to find the one you like. 

2) Lack of a weapon wheel. There's some scenarios where this will aggravate you. 

3) Flying. There isn't really many flying choices, and the physics of the helicopter is pretty meh. 

4) No checkpoints. 


Up to personal taste:

1) The map. I'm not the biggest fan of the map, but others love it, and you may like it as well. I just wish there was more natural areas to explore and other smaller towns like in GTA V. 

2) The physics. Some of the physics seem to be more realistic. But each person will have their own preference.
        Yo jazz nation radio > any gta 5 radio station, it was to sole reason for me to play gta IV again this year.
            JNR and the fact that it's set in "New York" makes all the difference to me too!

Honest to God, this is the exact game that made me love Jazz as a genre. I thought it was just shit like Kenny G before that
    play it yourself, don't listen to anybody else and form your own opinion instead, i'd say they're both special in their own ways though..
    Better is a matter of opinion. I liked the characters in 4 more than I did 5, but, the story also takes itself a little too seriously at times which doesn't always mesh with GTA's world. 

The physics and vehicle handling take some getting used to but aren't a deal breaker, and some of the game mechanics are... pushed a bit hard, but it's still a solid game.

Personally I loved it right up until the last mission, when it suddenly goes for a Big Serious Game gut punch that just annoyed me, so on replays I just quit a few minutes early.
        the seriousness is what makes it good

it makes sense that they had the game located in liberty city (NYC) as gritty as it is

los santos and vice city (LA and MIA) are too laid back for it to work in those locations

there’s subtle satire everywhere if you look, it just seems more obscure because it’s not rubbed in your face the way it is in SA and V
        Brucie has entered the chat.
    The complete edition has one of the best protagonist imo. Luis Lopez. Easily in my top 3 main characters of the franchise
    It's better than 5 in some ways but the missions and the map are bland and boring.
    Driving is better in 5, everything else is better in 4 IMO
    4 is way better in almost every way.
replaying on PS3 now and loving it
    I’m playing it on series x with a locked 60 FPS. It’s amazing. I’m also playing through max Payne 3 because it became backward compatible on Xbox yesterday
Best GTA
So just play it?
    He means an enhanced version tailored for current gen..
Just hook up the ps3 and play?
Good. Although I don't trust leaks.
    Yea always take leaks with a grain of salt. Although in this case the leaker is pretty reliable in the cod community and isn’t just some random guy on 4chan. Still take it with a grain of salt tho
I think they mean a current gen port, so the exact same game but playable on current gen with QOL updates.
    I don't think it would hurt to clean up the textures. Just double check them this time.
Well I wouldn't call TLoU2 ps5 upgrade a remaster. Or the Assassin creed upgrade a remaster.
1st person, Haptics, adaptives and ray tracing would be welcomed also.
    *grove street games has entered the chat*
The driving is awesome in GTA 4
They’ll be porting gta 5 to mobile, obviously! The next $60 endeavor for all adoring fans of the series! Lol.
    ngl at this point GTA V could probably run on the latest iPhones and Androids with Snapdragon 865 and above

Just drop the graphics to ps3 level and it should be good with some optimization
        Seems about right, although I dunno how a phone would be able to handle it without cutting down on how many NPCs can spawn
            I mean yeah there are gonna be some restrictions but with how powerful phones are (especially the apple bionic chips) I'd say it's possible.
                You are so lucky, last time I said that i had to delete my post for the downvotes.
                    ugh that sucks. It's certainly plausible imo.
                        Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
I think the name is actually based off where the studio was created, it’s just luck that it fits with the GTA universe
Lmao true.
i suppose since GTA remasters are not working,and GTA 5 is slowly becoming dead cow,it makes sense their next cash cow is Red Dead Universe till GTA 6 but only time will tell what plans they have.
    Yep, it’s hard to know what they’ll do. History has shown that they care even less about Red Dead fans than they do about GTA fans so I’m not holding my breath lol
Except we did lose a lot of stuff with these shitty trilogy. Ability to even buy the old versions, plenty of mods getting DMCA strikes
    [deleted]
        If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer. Pcgaming wiki is my go to, never pirating games, it takes 10 minutes to mod san andreas
            Wow the gatekeeping.
                It's not gatekeeping, you're free to mod or not just don't claim pirated versions are better when better effects can be achieved with 10 minute drag and drop
                    The pirated versions are actually better though.
                        In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
                            Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
                    >If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer

That is ***literally*** gatekeeping, boyo.
                        Ok suck a cock kid
[deleted]
    If you're on playstation get fucked.
        [deleted]
            Or crack a free version on pc, which is easier and better
            As someone who's played the game on pretty much every system it was available for, it looks and plays pretty bad on those consoles. The PS3 version has no antialiasing (which looks horrible considering it runs at 720p) and the X360 version is extremely blurry. Frame rate is bad on both systems.
                Oh please. It's 14 years old. It plays just fine on the PS3.
                    Sure it looks nice for a 14 year old game, and it surely blew my mind back in 2008. But upon revisiting it earlier this year I couldn't help but notice it could use some graphical and performance improvements (stuff that GSG doesn't seem to be capable of btw).
                    No...

It looks, and runs like, just how V runs like shit on the day one PS4 and Xbox One...

PC is a different story.
                    "plays just fine" 

Why do you guys either outright lie or just act like you have zero standards? 

This isn't recency bias what I'm about to say, as I've played GTA IV on PS3 again last year and boy oh boy is it bad. The visual fidelity is awful with blurry, washed out filters to try to hide the jaggies due to bad/non-existent anti-aliasing, the resolution in general is a sub-720p framebuffer, and the framerate is abysmal. The framerate is always in the low-20s and often falls into the teens when things get hairy, and as a result the frametimes are also horrendous. 

The 360 version barely fares any better and the PC port is infamous for how badly done it was. These are all objective facts. You can say you personally don't mind all these things, but to imply it's even a good experience is laughable.
                        Virgin alert 🚨
                            Cope lmao
GTA 4 is 13 years old my friend
    Sorry I probably should’ve been more specific, I meant to say the HD era is much more graphically impressive than the 3D era where the trilogy comes from. Being on a more-modern engine and everything, I’d assume GTA IV would be much more easy to remaster, since a lot of things in the Trilogy Remaster had to be rebuilt.
        No doubt!
Still hard to believe 4 is that old
            Oh for sure, I’ve been working on a playthrough recently and it really seems like it’s newer than 2008. It’s a really great game
Grove Street Games has fucked up porting GTA games to console 2 times now. Once in 2014 with San Andreas and now again with the trilogy. I would seriously hope Rockstar would finally be smart enough not to use them again but I honestly doubt it. GSG isn't necessarily a bad game company, but they're a mobile game company. They shouldn't be used for making console games.
    Yeah, that’s why I’m not sure why they went to GSG again, since the San Andreas remaster is probably known as the worst Rockstar release (besides the Trilogy Remaster I guess)

I’m just hoping they fix some of these problems with the bug patches
        Yeah going to them again didn't make much sense at all honestly. In my opinion, they should've hired a different company to make the console remasters of the trilogy, or done it themselves. Then they could've used GSG to make the mobile ports of those remasters if they wanted.
It's almost 14 years old.
And thats why half of the games coming out these days are just remasters and remakes of older games. Because fuck creativity and effort.
At the moment Its only available on pc & xbx. There’s a reason why people want it remastered. 

Online aside, it’s still 10x better than GTA V .
    >Its only available on pc & xbx.

Huh? GTA4 was released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on April 2008. PC release was in December of the same year.
        The PC port of GTA 4 was utter dogshit.
    And PS3 (imo the best version).
It’s 14 years old you clown
    It's a figure of speech you dickhead.
Yet it's still a blast to play. Goes to show how enjoyable it is.
Playing it right now on my S and the frame rate is much smoother. Probably 60fps about 75% of the time.
Still looks good for it’s age
That’s just how nyc looks irl.
You will not ever experiance how it felt like when it was first released and after all those 13 years i still think its the best GTA game. İt has an amazing story it wasnt "go kill someone" like GTA 5 it has great physics and car handling it feels like you are actually driving the car irl. Also it was an amazing remake of real NYC the times square was better than the real life one.
;)
And the sad thing is, people will buy it which is why rockstar treats the community like shit because no matter what they do, they know it will sell smh 🤦🏻 we are doomed, this trilogy was the first time in history that everyone came together to call rockstar out...20 years of dick riding folks, 20 long years in the making
They should but still remake the ones we have right now
    100% agree. I’m pretty sure everyone was hoping for remakes of the trilogy when people first got word of the Definitive Edition.
[deleted]
    Indeed.
Just a opinion, no need to cry 😂 3 was a breakthrough game at the time, however it was surpassed by Vice City, San Andreas and V. Nothing wrong with that, it's just how time works. 3 had also aged pretty poorly, which is to be expected.

But yeh IV was a huge disappointment. Story was far too dark and serious for GTA, mission structure was repetitive and boring along with the driving being a chore. It also lacked all the customisation that was introduced in San Andreas. Great City and presentation though
I believe you unlock these when you kill all the pigeons but don't quote me
    Nah that was a rumour for a while but it was proven to be false
        Ah okay cheers
        I remember chasing them for hours man
    Nothing unlocks them except mods. The reason they’re removed is there’s no gloves selection in the system for buying and changing clothes. If they’d gone with just changing whole outfits instead of separate pieces then they would be part of Niko’s default outfit.
The good ol’ days of the internet were somethin’ else, man.
Like what?
Me too. The worst easter egg hunt I ever went on was  Driver 2 on the PS1. The manual said that one of the characters was known to hang around in back alleys and liked to aide and abet felons. Little me took this as a literal statement and not a description of his seedy nature and I would get a small felony level and drive around the back alleys for hours trying to meet him.
    I totally feel this!
The physics really added so much detail to the sandbox (ie running over pedestrians is way funnier)
This is personal preference but I think 4 might be the best in the series and that's including the dlc. Definitely pick it up when you get the chance
    I agree. I enjoyed 4 much more than I did five and I think it had to do with the character switching; I didn't really get time to connect with each of the main characters.
        For me it was a number of reasons but a big one for me that was controversial at the time is GTA 4's relationship system. The game does a really good job in making you feel like you have a social life in the big city and you get rewarded for hanging out with your friends via certain bonuses. Also because of all that, the characters are much more memorable as a whole. I ended up caring about them. In a time when so many open world games are just big with nothing much to do (-cough- Cyberpunk -cough-) I'd argue that GTA 4 was ahead of it's time.
            One of the things I would also address is the relationship system actually. While the calls for activity invites did add that social vibe, they got annoying after a while. I think they could tone down the frequency in this iteration.
                It would also be nice if you didn’t lose rep when you decline an invite to hang out with a friend. Especially if it’s during a mission when you literally can’t accept even if you want to.
                    Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
                        I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
                That's fair. I personally didn't mind them but I understand how they can be annoying for some for sure and that's valid.
you’ve missed out. beware though, vehicle handling is much better than V and by that I mean, you’ll probably think it’s shittier. V feels like gokarting, while in IV you actually have to drive.
    [deleted]
        Chucking a grenade into a group of people somehow *felt* like it was raining bodies.
        i think that R* was going to the good good since the beginning, however, the major audience didn’t really understand what they were going for and so for V, they dumbed it down real bad, and viola, the majority is pleased, they’re also feeding the gtaO issue too. so for us, we can just sit back and hope R* doesn’t ruin IV for us too. if they redid IV, so that it ran in x64 and kept the essentials as they were.. oh boy.. heavy breathing intensifies.
        This may not be a super popular opinion, but I still feel like GTA V still has pretty great physics. Half the fun I have in that game is watching my character fly around as a ragdoll.

Sadly this also comes at the cost of everything needing to "slide into place" anytime you try to interact with anything, so outside of freeroam, the game feels extremely clunky.
            Both 4 and 5 use euphoria physics engine but 5s is a bit dumbed down.
                >~~a bit~~

very*
    The firefights felt weightier in 4 too. I still remember chasing a guy down the street and as he was making a corner, I blew him away with a shotgun. My friend and I both were shocked at how realistic he took the shot and went down since he had the momentum going around the corner he went down really realistically.
        \*long post alert\*

I have a memory (many actually) from GTA IV that I will NEVER forget because of how much it shocked a very young me. It was for one of the mafia arc missions, where you're told to chase down some Uncle guy or something that betrayed the family.

Anyway, it's a standard pursuit mission, and I remember blowing his back tires out and it made him spin, t-bone an oncoming car, and just automatically get out. I stop and get out too, he takes aim with a big shotgun, and I blasted him in the head a few times with my heavy pistol, killing him instantly. As he went down, though, the shotgun hit the ground way before his body even started to fall.

It hit the ground in front of him while standing completely upright, and the shotgun then discharged from the impact and BLEW HIS CORPSE THE FUCK AWAY, blasting him right under the chin, in the most vivid, picturesque fashion that I'll never forget. Crazy blood spray cloud, and his previously falling body was just absolutely SLAMMED backward into the ground ( I swear, I remember hearing a much louder thud and crack than normal), and I just sat there with my jaw dropped, basically shaking with bewilderment & excitement. Nothing like that ever, ever happened again, but I replayed it so many times in my mind I'll never forget.

Further on that, I'll probably never forget most of that game. I played GTA IV almost RELIGIOUSLY when it came out, and I was fairly young (6th grade and 7th grade). I used to be obsessed with that game, so much so that I would restart it basically every week to play through it again.

I had it down to an exact science, and would restart it getting home from school on Friday, playing until late into the night, picking back up Saturday morning, and having it beat by early afternoon. After like, a few weeks, I finally did it fast enough to get that achievement for beating the story in under 34 hours or something.

That included just about every single mission in the game, most stranger encounters. I swear, I was probably a walking, breathing strategy guide for that game at the age of 12 and 13. Knew where to go, for everything, the best way to do it, hiding spots of items, how to trigger story phone calls (I was obsessed with waiting and triggering those phone calls because I thought it was so cool).

Each playthrough seemed to have a different obsession or requirement, like a specific outfit, or using certain guns, or making sure I'm in certain spots for phonecalls that happen during the story, only executing certain people, using a certain car only, only using one apartment, etc. I truly believe this game began my affixion for videogame roleplay stuff, and also I'm sure these were early expressions of my OCD and other things. This game impacted me so much in some ways, and was an escape. So much stuff I didn't get to mention here lol. Hell, to this day I still do a pretty damn good Russian/Slavic accent that I specifically tried to copy from Niko and other characters. 

Sorry for the wall of text, this thread and your comment specifically just brought back SO much nostalgia for me! I might just reinstall GTA IV (PC) and replay to feel like a kid again :).
            I don’t have anything to add but thank you for sharing this, it was a good read
            I would love to watch a video of those first three paragraphs.
            Very cool. Think id rather try iv again on pc vs the trilogy until its fixed hopefully. Its been a long time. IV hits a different spot and feeling entirely.

I think IV is modern enough to benefit from mods more than a remake but if its done well why not.
    One of my favourite features was the way people react when u shoot em, in 5 they just kinda go down whereas in 4 they suffer in the full mysery of the RAGE engines torment
    Don’t wanna be that guy but karting is much harder than the real thing and it is where you actually have to drive. But I get the point that you’re trying to make!
        ofc it is! my point being that V cars are way more planted and manuverable, like go-karts are, in comparison to actual full sized vehicles.
        Any car that's automatic is practically a go kart, driving is using manual/stick
            Driving is piloting an automobile. If you know what you're doing there is no difference between manual and auto. You're not special because you can hit a clutch and move a stick.
                There's a huge difference between manual and auto, for one automatic won't just stop and make you turn the engine off for changing gear wrong, or for trying to get into reverse. I never said people are special for driving stick, just that driving automatic is like driving a go kart. I didn't know so many people got offended because they couldn't drive manual.
                    Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
                        .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
            I agree with this person. give me down votes
                If it helps you feel better ^^
                I gave this guy his first downvote, now give me downvotes
    I mean. It's like real driving if every car has bad brakes
        in regards to IV? maybe just a tad bit, but usually sports and “new” cars have relatively good brakes. but i totally see where you’re coming from. IMO it’s nice that they’re a little crappier, makes it more challenging, to me at least.
            I think dialing back a smidge would be the right balance.
    Driving in IV felt like absolute dogshit compared to V. Felt like you were driving on an ice rink the whole time.
    I love GTA IV the story is my favourite across the Franchise, but the vehicle handling is dog shit. I don't know how anyone can say it's better then V. It feels like you're riding on inflatables.

Everything else IV is superior over V, except maybe online.
        i think it’s exactly opposite. gta v has some good content, over the top content too, but it’s got stuff that would be great in IV. unfortunately, handling is one of those things i’d rather have like in IV. i’d love if there was a way to port vehicle engine sounds over to IV from V. they’re by far better in V
            I think its terrible, you can't drive round a corner quickly or break without feeling the car is pulling you to side. I drive vehicles irl, and they don't handle like cars in GTA IV. 

The damage is realistic in IV though, especially crashes and when cars explode. I love that on iv.
                60mph in a 90 degree turn? if you drive slow and civil, everything handles fine, if you throw your vehicle in a powerslide, what do you expect, constant grip? i could agree that some vehicles like cavalade are exaggerated, but generally it’s really good. try driving with an xbox controller in hood view. it’s pretty good.
                    Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
                        i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
    honestly after replaying GTA V for the 3rd time 2 months ago, it was sooo refreshing playing GTA IV again. I rarely hit anything honestly and turning seemed easier.
    The physics are badass in IV. Honestly GTA IV deserves the 10/10 it scored back when it released because it is truly THE best in the series. I still play it on my PC, maxed settings and 1080p 60fps gameplay it doesn't need a remaster it looks phenomenal. (It never received optimization patches though, which is why I think the PC port is terrible despite the better looking graphics....did I just talk myself INTO a remaster? XD)
    Yeah I HATED the driving in 4 when it came out. I love it now though.
I just love New York better than Cali. Liberty city is so much better than Los santos
There's some ways it's better. The story is a lot darker and deeper, but sometimes it doesn't thread as well. The first few hours of gameplay is basically a taxi simulator. Others noted a few advantages, but these are the main things I noticed. 

1) Friendships. You actually have to put in work to make different characters like you. Hangouts have actual meaning, and getting someone to like you after a certain point may unlock an ability for them to do favors for you. 

2) Restaurants. There's a lot more interaction available with more restaurants and food carts. 

3) Destructive environment. During a fire fight in some buildings, the edges of some walls may show damage and allow you to shoot through them. 

4) Damage. The way enemies take damage is a lot better. It's not like GTA V where a single shot in the foot may finish the enemy. 


Disadvantages compared to GTA V

1) The radio stations aren't that great, and the lack of a radio wheel. You have to cycle through all the stations to find the one you like. 

2) Lack of a weapon wheel. There's some scenarios where this will aggravate you. 

3) Flying. There isn't really many flying choices, and the physics of the helicopter is pretty meh. 

4) No checkpoints. 


Up to personal taste:

1) The map. I'm not the biggest fan of the map, but others love it, and you may like it as well. I just wish there was more natural areas to explore and other smaller towns like in GTA V. 

2) The physics. Some of the physics seem to be more realistic. But each person will have their own preference.
    Yo jazz nation radio > any gta 5 radio station, it was to sole reason for me to play gta IV again this year.
        JNR and the fact that it's set in "New York" makes all the difference to me too!

Honest to God, this is the exact game that made me love Jazz as a genre. I thought it was just shit like Kenny G before that
play it yourself, don't listen to anybody else and form your own opinion instead, i'd say they're both special in their own ways though..
Better is a matter of opinion. I liked the characters in 4 more than I did 5, but, the story also takes itself a little too seriously at times which doesn't always mesh with GTA's world. 

The physics and vehicle handling take some getting used to but aren't a deal breaker, and some of the game mechanics are... pushed a bit hard, but it's still a solid game.

Personally I loved it right up until the last mission, when it suddenly goes for a Big Serious Game gut punch that just annoyed me, so on replays I just quit a few minutes early.
    the seriousness is what makes it good

it makes sense that they had the game located in liberty city (NYC) as gritty as it is

los santos and vice city (LA and MIA) are too laid back for it to work in those locations

there’s subtle satire everywhere if you look, it just seems more obscure because it’s not rubbed in your face the way it is in SA and V
    Brucie has entered the chat.
The complete edition has one of the best protagonist imo. Luis Lopez. Easily in my top 3 main characters of the franchise
It's better than 5 in some ways but the missions and the map are bland and boring.
Driving is better in 5, everything else is better in 4 IMO
4 is way better in almost every way.
I’m playing it on series x with a locked 60 FPS. It’s amazing. I’m also playing through max Payne 3 because it became backward compatible on Xbox yesterday
He means an enhanced version tailored for current gen..
Yea always take leaks with a grain of salt. Although in this case the leaker is pretty reliable in the cod community and isn’t just some random guy on 4chan. Still take it with a grain of salt tho
I don't think it would hurt to clean up the textures. Just double check them this time.
*grove street games has entered the chat*
ngl at this point GTA V could probably run on the latest iPhones and Androids with Snapdragon 865 and above

Just drop the graphics to ps3 level and it should be good with some optimization
    Seems about right, although I dunno how a phone would be able to handle it without cutting down on how many NPCs can spawn
        I mean yeah there are gonna be some restrictions but with how powerful phones are (especially the apple bionic chips) I'd say it's possible.
            You are so lucky, last time I said that i had to delete my post for the downvotes.
                ugh that sucks. It's certainly plausible imo.
                    Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
Yep, it’s hard to know what they’ll do. History has shown that they care even less about Red Dead fans than they do about GTA fans so I’m not holding my breath lol
[deleted]
    If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer. Pcgaming wiki is my go to, never pirating games, it takes 10 minutes to mod san andreas
        Wow the gatekeeping.
            It's not gatekeeping, you're free to mod or not just don't claim pirated versions are better when better effects can be achieved with 10 minute drag and drop
                The pirated versions are actually better though.
                    In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
                        Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
                >If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer

That is ***literally*** gatekeeping, boyo.
                    Ok suck a cock kid
If you're on playstation get fucked.
    [deleted]
        Or crack a free version on pc, which is easier and better
        As someone who's played the game on pretty much every system it was available for, it looks and plays pretty bad on those consoles. The PS3 version has no antialiasing (which looks horrible considering it runs at 720p) and the X360 version is extremely blurry. Frame rate is bad on both systems.
            Oh please. It's 14 years old. It plays just fine on the PS3.
                Sure it looks nice for a 14 year old game, and it surely blew my mind back in 2008. But upon revisiting it earlier this year I couldn't help but notice it could use some graphical and performance improvements (stuff that GSG doesn't seem to be capable of btw).
                No...

It looks, and runs like, just how V runs like shit on the day one PS4 and Xbox One...

PC is a different story.
                "plays just fine" 

Why do you guys either outright lie or just act like you have zero standards? 

This isn't recency bias what I'm about to say, as I've played GTA IV on PS3 again last year and boy oh boy is it bad. The visual fidelity is awful with blurry, washed out filters to try to hide the jaggies due to bad/non-existent anti-aliasing, the resolution in general is a sub-720p framebuffer, and the framerate is abysmal. The framerate is always in the low-20s and often falls into the teens when things get hairy, and as a result the frametimes are also horrendous. 

The 360 version barely fares any better and the PC port is infamous for how badly done it was. These are all objective facts. You can say you personally don't mind all these things, but to imply it's even a good experience is laughable.
                    Virgin alert 🚨
                        Cope lmao
Sorry I probably should’ve been more specific, I meant to say the HD era is much more graphically impressive than the 3D era where the trilogy comes from. Being on a more-modern engine and everything, I’d assume GTA IV would be much more easy to remaster, since a lot of things in the Trilogy Remaster had to be rebuilt.
    No doubt!
Still hard to believe 4 is that old
        Oh for sure, I’ve been working on a playthrough recently and it really seems like it’s newer than 2008. It’s a really great game
Yeah, that’s why I’m not sure why they went to GSG again, since the San Andreas remaster is probably known as the worst Rockstar release (besides the Trilogy Remaster I guess)

I’m just hoping they fix some of these problems with the bug patches
    Yeah going to them again didn't make much sense at all honestly. In my opinion, they should've hired a different company to make the console remasters of the trilogy, or done it themselves. Then they could've used GSG to make the mobile ports of those remasters if they wanted.
>Its only available on pc & xbx.

Huh? GTA4 was released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on April 2008. PC release was in December of the same year.
    The PC port of GTA 4 was utter dogshit.
And PS3 (imo the best version).
It's a figure of speech you dickhead.
100% agree. I’m pretty sure everyone was hoping for remakes of the trilogy when people first got word of the Definitive Edition.
Indeed.
Nah that was a rumour for a while but it was proven to be false
    Ah okay cheers
    I remember chasing them for hours man
Nothing unlocks them except mods. The reason they’re removed is there’s no gloves selection in the system for buying and changing clothes. If they’d gone with just changing whole outfits instead of separate pieces then they would be part of Niko’s default outfit.
I totally feel this!
I agree. I enjoyed 4 much more than I did five and I think it had to do with the character switching; I didn't really get time to connect with each of the main characters.
    For me it was a number of reasons but a big one for me that was controversial at the time is GTA 4's relationship system. The game does a really good job in making you feel like you have a social life in the big city and you get rewarded for hanging out with your friends via certain bonuses. Also because of all that, the characters are much more memorable as a whole. I ended up caring about them. In a time when so many open world games are just big with nothing much to do (-cough- Cyberpunk -cough-) I'd argue that GTA 4 was ahead of it's time.
        One of the things I would also address is the relationship system actually. While the calls for activity invites did add that social vibe, they got annoying after a while. I think they could tone down the frequency in this iteration.
            It would also be nice if you didn’t lose rep when you decline an invite to hang out with a friend. Especially if it’s during a mission when you literally can’t accept even if you want to.
                Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
                    I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
            That's fair. I personally didn't mind them but I understand how they can be annoying for some for sure and that's valid.
[deleted]
    Chucking a grenade into a group of people somehow *felt* like it was raining bodies.
    i think that R* was going to the good good since the beginning, however, the major audience didn’t really understand what they were going for and so for V, they dumbed it down real bad, and viola, the majority is pleased, they’re also feeding the gtaO issue too. so for us, we can just sit back and hope R* doesn’t ruin IV for us too. if they redid IV, so that it ran in x64 and kept the essentials as they were.. oh boy.. heavy breathing intensifies.
    This may not be a super popular opinion, but I still feel like GTA V still has pretty great physics. Half the fun I have in that game is watching my character fly around as a ragdoll.

Sadly this also comes at the cost of everything needing to "slide into place" anytime you try to interact with anything, so outside of freeroam, the game feels extremely clunky.
        Both 4 and 5 use euphoria physics engine but 5s is a bit dumbed down.
            >~~a bit~~

very*
The firefights felt weightier in 4 too. I still remember chasing a guy down the street and as he was making a corner, I blew him away with a shotgun. My friend and I both were shocked at how realistic he took the shot and went down since he had the momentum going around the corner he went down really realistically.
    \*long post alert\*

I have a memory (many actually) from GTA IV that I will NEVER forget because of how much it shocked a very young me. It was for one of the mafia arc missions, where you're told to chase down some Uncle guy or something that betrayed the family.

Anyway, it's a standard pursuit mission, and I remember blowing his back tires out and it made him spin, t-bone an oncoming car, and just automatically get out. I stop and get out too, he takes aim with a big shotgun, and I blasted him in the head a few times with my heavy pistol, killing him instantly. As he went down, though, the shotgun hit the ground way before his body even started to fall.

It hit the ground in front of him while standing completely upright, and the shotgun then discharged from the impact and BLEW HIS CORPSE THE FUCK AWAY, blasting him right under the chin, in the most vivid, picturesque fashion that I'll never forget. Crazy blood spray cloud, and his previously falling body was just absolutely SLAMMED backward into the ground ( I swear, I remember hearing a much louder thud and crack than normal), and I just sat there with my jaw dropped, basically shaking with bewilderment & excitement. Nothing like that ever, ever happened again, but I replayed it so many times in my mind I'll never forget.

Further on that, I'll probably never forget most of that game. I played GTA IV almost RELIGIOUSLY when it came out, and I was fairly young (6th grade and 7th grade). I used to be obsessed with that game, so much so that I would restart it basically every week to play through it again.

I had it down to an exact science, and would restart it getting home from school on Friday, playing until late into the night, picking back up Saturday morning, and having it beat by early afternoon. After like, a few weeks, I finally did it fast enough to get that achievement for beating the story in under 34 hours or something.

That included just about every single mission in the game, most stranger encounters. I swear, I was probably a walking, breathing strategy guide for that game at the age of 12 and 13. Knew where to go, for everything, the best way to do it, hiding spots of items, how to trigger story phone calls (I was obsessed with waiting and triggering those phone calls because I thought it was so cool).

Each playthrough seemed to have a different obsession or requirement, like a specific outfit, or using certain guns, or making sure I'm in certain spots for phonecalls that happen during the story, only executing certain people, using a certain car only, only using one apartment, etc. I truly believe this game began my affixion for videogame roleplay stuff, and also I'm sure these were early expressions of my OCD and other things. This game impacted me so much in some ways, and was an escape. So much stuff I didn't get to mention here lol. Hell, to this day I still do a pretty damn good Russian/Slavic accent that I specifically tried to copy from Niko and other characters. 

Sorry for the wall of text, this thread and your comment specifically just brought back SO much nostalgia for me! I might just reinstall GTA IV (PC) and replay to feel like a kid again :).
        I don’t have anything to add but thank you for sharing this, it was a good read
        I would love to watch a video of those first three paragraphs.
        Very cool. Think id rather try iv again on pc vs the trilogy until its fixed hopefully. Its been a long time. IV hits a different spot and feeling entirely.

I think IV is modern enough to benefit from mods more than a remake but if its done well why not.
One of my favourite features was the way people react when u shoot em, in 5 they just kinda go down whereas in 4 they suffer in the full mysery of the RAGE engines torment
Don’t wanna be that guy but karting is much harder than the real thing and it is where you actually have to drive. But I get the point that you’re trying to make!
    ofc it is! my point being that V cars are way more planted and manuverable, like go-karts are, in comparison to actual full sized vehicles.
    Any car that's automatic is practically a go kart, driving is using manual/stick
        Driving is piloting an automobile. If you know what you're doing there is no difference between manual and auto. You're not special because you can hit a clutch and move a stick.
            There's a huge difference between manual and auto, for one automatic won't just stop and make you turn the engine off for changing gear wrong, or for trying to get into reverse. I never said people are special for driving stick, just that driving automatic is like driving a go kart. I didn't know so many people got offended because they couldn't drive manual.
                Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
                    .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
        I agree with this person. give me down votes
            If it helps you feel better ^^
            I gave this guy his first downvote, now give me downvotes
I mean. It's like real driving if every car has bad brakes
    in regards to IV? maybe just a tad bit, but usually sports and “new” cars have relatively good brakes. but i totally see where you’re coming from. IMO it’s nice that they’re a little crappier, makes it more challenging, to me at least.
        I think dialing back a smidge would be the right balance.
Driving in IV felt like absolute dogshit compared to V. Felt like you were driving on an ice rink the whole time.
I love GTA IV the story is my favourite across the Franchise, but the vehicle handling is dog shit. I don't know how anyone can say it's better then V. It feels like you're riding on inflatables.

Everything else IV is superior over V, except maybe online.
    i think it’s exactly opposite. gta v has some good content, over the top content too, but it’s got stuff that would be great in IV. unfortunately, handling is one of those things i’d rather have like in IV. i’d love if there was a way to port vehicle engine sounds over to IV from V. they’re by far better in V
        I think its terrible, you can't drive round a corner quickly or break without feeling the car is pulling you to side. I drive vehicles irl, and they don't handle like cars in GTA IV. 

The damage is realistic in IV though, especially crashes and when cars explode. I love that on iv.
            60mph in a 90 degree turn? if you drive slow and civil, everything handles fine, if you throw your vehicle in a powerslide, what do you expect, constant grip? i could agree that some vehicles like cavalade are exaggerated, but generally it’s really good. try driving with an xbox controller in hood view. it’s pretty good.
                Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
                    i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
honestly after replaying GTA V for the 3rd time 2 months ago, it was sooo refreshing playing GTA IV again. I rarely hit anything honestly and turning seemed easier.
The physics are badass in IV. Honestly GTA IV deserves the 10/10 it scored back when it released because it is truly THE best in the series. I still play it on my PC, maxed settings and 1080p 60fps gameplay it doesn't need a remaster it looks phenomenal. (It never received optimization patches though, which is why I think the PC port is terrible despite the better looking graphics....did I just talk myself INTO a remaster? XD)
Yeah I HATED the driving in 4 when it came out. I love it now though.
Yo jazz nation radio > any gta 5 radio station, it was to sole reason for me to play gta IV again this year.
    JNR and the fact that it's set in "New York" makes all the difference to me too!

Honest to God, this is the exact game that made me love Jazz as a genre. I thought it was just shit like Kenny G before that
the seriousness is what makes it good

it makes sense that they had the game located in liberty city (NYC) as gritty as it is

los santos and vice city (LA and MIA) are too laid back for it to work in those locations

there’s subtle satire everywhere if you look, it just seems more obscure because it’s not rubbed in your face the way it is in SA and V
Brucie has entered the chat.
Seems about right, although I dunno how a phone would be able to handle it without cutting down on how many NPCs can spawn
    I mean yeah there are gonna be some restrictions but with how powerful phones are (especially the apple bionic chips) I'd say it's possible.
        You are so lucky, last time I said that i had to delete my post for the downvotes.
            ugh that sucks. It's certainly plausible imo.
                Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer. Pcgaming wiki is my go to, never pirating games, it takes 10 minutes to mod san andreas
    Wow the gatekeeping.
        It's not gatekeeping, you're free to mod or not just don't claim pirated versions are better when better effects can be achieved with 10 minute drag and drop
            The pirated versions are actually better though.
                In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
                    Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
            >If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer

That is ***literally*** gatekeeping, boyo.
                Ok suck a cock kid
[deleted]
    Or crack a free version on pc, which is easier and better
    As someone who's played the game on pretty much every system it was available for, it looks and plays pretty bad on those consoles. The PS3 version has no antialiasing (which looks horrible considering it runs at 720p) and the X360 version is extremely blurry. Frame rate is bad on both systems.
        Oh please. It's 14 years old. It plays just fine on the PS3.
            Sure it looks nice for a 14 year old game, and it surely blew my mind back in 2008. But upon revisiting it earlier this year I couldn't help but notice it could use some graphical and performance improvements (stuff that GSG doesn't seem to be capable of btw).
            No...

It looks, and runs like, just how V runs like shit on the day one PS4 and Xbox One...

PC is a different story.
            "plays just fine" 

Why do you guys either outright lie or just act like you have zero standards? 

This isn't recency bias what I'm about to say, as I've played GTA IV on PS3 again last year and boy oh boy is it bad. The visual fidelity is awful with blurry, washed out filters to try to hide the jaggies due to bad/non-existent anti-aliasing, the resolution in general is a sub-720p framebuffer, and the framerate is abysmal. The framerate is always in the low-20s and often falls into the teens when things get hairy, and as a result the frametimes are also horrendous. 

The 360 version barely fares any better and the PC port is infamous for how badly done it was. These are all objective facts. You can say you personally don't mind all these things, but to imply it's even a good experience is laughable.
                Virgin alert 🚨
                    Cope lmao
No doubt!
Still hard to believe 4 is that old
    Oh for sure, I’ve been working on a playthrough recently and it really seems like it’s newer than 2008. It’s a really great game
Yeah going to them again didn't make much sense at all honestly. In my opinion, they should've hired a different company to make the console remasters of the trilogy, or done it themselves. Then they could've used GSG to make the mobile ports of those remasters if they wanted.
The PC port of GTA 4 was utter dogshit.
Ah okay cheers
I remember chasing them for hours man
For me it was a number of reasons but a big one for me that was controversial at the time is GTA 4's relationship system. The game does a really good job in making you feel like you have a social life in the big city and you get rewarded for hanging out with your friends via certain bonuses. Also because of all that, the characters are much more memorable as a whole. I ended up caring about them. In a time when so many open world games are just big with nothing much to do (-cough- Cyberpunk -cough-) I'd argue that GTA 4 was ahead of it's time.
    One of the things I would also address is the relationship system actually. While the calls for activity invites did add that social vibe, they got annoying after a while. I think they could tone down the frequency in this iteration.
        It would also be nice if you didn’t lose rep when you decline an invite to hang out with a friend. Especially if it’s during a mission when you literally can’t accept even if you want to.
            Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
                I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
        That's fair. I personally didn't mind them but I understand how they can be annoying for some for sure and that's valid.
Chucking a grenade into a group of people somehow *felt* like it was raining bodies.
i think that R* was going to the good good since the beginning, however, the major audience didn’t really understand what they were going for and so for V, they dumbed it down real bad, and viola, the majority is pleased, they’re also feeding the gtaO issue too. so for us, we can just sit back and hope R* doesn’t ruin IV for us too. if they redid IV, so that it ran in x64 and kept the essentials as they were.. oh boy.. heavy breathing intensifies.
This may not be a super popular opinion, but I still feel like GTA V still has pretty great physics. Half the fun I have in that game is watching my character fly around as a ragdoll.

Sadly this also comes at the cost of everything needing to "slide into place" anytime you try to interact with anything, so outside of freeroam, the game feels extremely clunky.
    Both 4 and 5 use euphoria physics engine but 5s is a bit dumbed down.
        >~~a bit~~

very*
\*long post alert\*

I have a memory (many actually) from GTA IV that I will NEVER forget because of how much it shocked a very young me. It was for one of the mafia arc missions, where you're told to chase down some Uncle guy or something that betrayed the family.

Anyway, it's a standard pursuit mission, and I remember blowing his back tires out and it made him spin, t-bone an oncoming car, and just automatically get out. I stop and get out too, he takes aim with a big shotgun, and I blasted him in the head a few times with my heavy pistol, killing him instantly. As he went down, though, the shotgun hit the ground way before his body even started to fall.

It hit the ground in front of him while standing completely upright, and the shotgun then discharged from the impact and BLEW HIS CORPSE THE FUCK AWAY, blasting him right under the chin, in the most vivid, picturesque fashion that I'll never forget. Crazy blood spray cloud, and his previously falling body was just absolutely SLAMMED backward into the ground ( I swear, I remember hearing a much louder thud and crack than normal), and I just sat there with my jaw dropped, basically shaking with bewilderment & excitement. Nothing like that ever, ever happened again, but I replayed it so many times in my mind I'll never forget.

Further on that, I'll probably never forget most of that game. I played GTA IV almost RELIGIOUSLY when it came out, and I was fairly young (6th grade and 7th grade). I used to be obsessed with that game, so much so that I would restart it basically every week to play through it again.

I had it down to an exact science, and would restart it getting home from school on Friday, playing until late into the night, picking back up Saturday morning, and having it beat by early afternoon. After like, a few weeks, I finally did it fast enough to get that achievement for beating the story in under 34 hours or something.

That included just about every single mission in the game, most stranger encounters. I swear, I was probably a walking, breathing strategy guide for that game at the age of 12 and 13. Knew where to go, for everything, the best way to do it, hiding spots of items, how to trigger story phone calls (I was obsessed with waiting and triggering those phone calls because I thought it was so cool).

Each playthrough seemed to have a different obsession or requirement, like a specific outfit, or using certain guns, or making sure I'm in certain spots for phonecalls that happen during the story, only executing certain people, using a certain car only, only using one apartment, etc. I truly believe this game began my affixion for videogame roleplay stuff, and also I'm sure these were early expressions of my OCD and other things. This game impacted me so much in some ways, and was an escape. So much stuff I didn't get to mention here lol. Hell, to this day I still do a pretty damn good Russian/Slavic accent that I specifically tried to copy from Niko and other characters. 

Sorry for the wall of text, this thread and your comment specifically just brought back SO much nostalgia for me! I might just reinstall GTA IV (PC) and replay to feel like a kid again :).
    I don’t have anything to add but thank you for sharing this, it was a good read
    I would love to watch a video of those first three paragraphs.
    Very cool. Think id rather try iv again on pc vs the trilogy until its fixed hopefully. Its been a long time. IV hits a different spot and feeling entirely.

I think IV is modern enough to benefit from mods more than a remake but if its done well why not.
ofc it is! my point being that V cars are way more planted and manuverable, like go-karts are, in comparison to actual full sized vehicles.
Any car that's automatic is practically a go kart, driving is using manual/stick
    Driving is piloting an automobile. If you know what you're doing there is no difference between manual and auto. You're not special because you can hit a clutch and move a stick.
        There's a huge difference between manual and auto, for one automatic won't just stop and make you turn the engine off for changing gear wrong, or for trying to get into reverse. I never said people are special for driving stick, just that driving automatic is like driving a go kart. I didn't know so many people got offended because they couldn't drive manual.
            Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
                .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
    I agree with this person. give me down votes
        If it helps you feel better ^^
        I gave this guy his first downvote, now give me downvotes
in regards to IV? maybe just a tad bit, but usually sports and “new” cars have relatively good brakes. but i totally see where you’re coming from. IMO it’s nice that they’re a little crappier, makes it more challenging, to me at least.
    I think dialing back a smidge would be the right balance.
i think it’s exactly opposite. gta v has some good content, over the top content too, but it’s got stuff that would be great in IV. unfortunately, handling is one of those things i’d rather have like in IV. i’d love if there was a way to port vehicle engine sounds over to IV from V. they’re by far better in V
    I think its terrible, you can't drive round a corner quickly or break without feeling the car is pulling you to side. I drive vehicles irl, and they don't handle like cars in GTA IV. 

The damage is realistic in IV though, especially crashes and when cars explode. I love that on iv.
        60mph in a 90 degree turn? if you drive slow and civil, everything handles fine, if you throw your vehicle in a powerslide, what do you expect, constant grip? i could agree that some vehicles like cavalade are exaggerated, but generally it’s really good. try driving with an xbox controller in hood view. it’s pretty good.
            Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
                i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
JNR and the fact that it's set in "New York" makes all the difference to me too!

Honest to God, this is the exact game that made me love Jazz as a genre. I thought it was just shit like Kenny G before that
I mean yeah there are gonna be some restrictions but with how powerful phones are (especially the apple bionic chips) I'd say it's possible.
    You are so lucky, last time I said that i had to delete my post for the downvotes.
        ugh that sucks. It's certainly plausible imo.
            Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
Wow the gatekeeping.
    It's not gatekeeping, you're free to mod or not just don't claim pirated versions are better when better effects can be achieved with 10 minute drag and drop
        The pirated versions are actually better though.
            In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
                Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
        >If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer

That is ***literally*** gatekeeping, boyo.
            Ok suck a cock kid
Or crack a free version on pc, which is easier and better
As someone who's played the game on pretty much every system it was available for, it looks and plays pretty bad on those consoles. The PS3 version has no antialiasing (which looks horrible considering it runs at 720p) and the X360 version is extremely blurry. Frame rate is bad on both systems.
    Oh please. It's 14 years old. It plays just fine on the PS3.
        Sure it looks nice for a 14 year old game, and it surely blew my mind back in 2008. But upon revisiting it earlier this year I couldn't help but notice it could use some graphical and performance improvements (stuff that GSG doesn't seem to be capable of btw).
        No...

It looks, and runs like, just how V runs like shit on the day one PS4 and Xbox One...

PC is a different story.
        "plays just fine" 

Why do you guys either outright lie or just act like you have zero standards? 

This isn't recency bias what I'm about to say, as I've played GTA IV on PS3 again last year and boy oh boy is it bad. The visual fidelity is awful with blurry, washed out filters to try to hide the jaggies due to bad/non-existent anti-aliasing, the resolution in general is a sub-720p framebuffer, and the framerate is abysmal. The framerate is always in the low-20s and often falls into the teens when things get hairy, and as a result the frametimes are also horrendous. 

The 360 version barely fares any better and the PC port is infamous for how badly done it was. These are all objective facts. You can say you personally don't mind all these things, but to imply it's even a good experience is laughable.
            Virgin alert 🚨
                Cope lmao
Oh for sure, I’ve been working on a playthrough recently and it really seems like it’s newer than 2008. It’s a really great game
One of the things I would also address is the relationship system actually. While the calls for activity invites did add that social vibe, they got annoying after a while. I think they could tone down the frequency in this iteration.
    It would also be nice if you didn’t lose rep when you decline an invite to hang out with a friend. Especially if it’s during a mission when you literally can’t accept even if you want to.
        Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
            I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
    That's fair. I personally didn't mind them but I understand how they can be annoying for some for sure and that's valid.
Both 4 and 5 use euphoria physics engine but 5s is a bit dumbed down.
    >~~a bit~~

very*
I don’t have anything to add but thank you for sharing this, it was a good read
I would love to watch a video of those first three paragraphs.
Very cool. Think id rather try iv again on pc vs the trilogy until its fixed hopefully. Its been a long time. IV hits a different spot and feeling entirely.

I think IV is modern enough to benefit from mods more than a remake but if its done well why not.
Driving is piloting an automobile. If you know what you're doing there is no difference between manual and auto. You're not special because you can hit a clutch and move a stick.
    There's a huge difference between manual and auto, for one automatic won't just stop and make you turn the engine off for changing gear wrong, or for trying to get into reverse. I never said people are special for driving stick, just that driving automatic is like driving a go kart. I didn't know so many people got offended because they couldn't drive manual.
        Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
            .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
I agree with this person. give me down votes
    If it helps you feel better ^^
    I gave this guy his first downvote, now give me downvotes
I think dialing back a smidge would be the right balance.
I think its terrible, you can't drive round a corner quickly or break without feeling the car is pulling you to side. I drive vehicles irl, and they don't handle like cars in GTA IV. 

The damage is realistic in IV though, especially crashes and when cars explode. I love that on iv.
    60mph in a 90 degree turn? if you drive slow and civil, everything handles fine, if you throw your vehicle in a powerslide, what do you expect, constant grip? i could agree that some vehicles like cavalade are exaggerated, but generally it’s really good. try driving with an xbox controller in hood view. it’s pretty good.
        Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
            i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
You are so lucky, last time I said that i had to delete my post for the downvotes.
    ugh that sucks. It's certainly plausible imo.
        Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
It's not gatekeeping, you're free to mod or not just don't claim pirated versions are better when better effects can be achieved with 10 minute drag and drop
    The pirated versions are actually better though.
        In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
            Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
    >If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer

That is ***literally*** gatekeeping, boyo.
        Ok suck a cock kid
Oh please. It's 14 years old. It plays just fine on the PS3.
    Sure it looks nice for a 14 year old game, and it surely blew my mind back in 2008. But upon revisiting it earlier this year I couldn't help but notice it could use some graphical and performance improvements (stuff that GSG doesn't seem to be capable of btw).
    No...

It looks, and runs like, just how V runs like shit on the day one PS4 and Xbox One...

PC is a different story.
    "plays just fine" 

Why do you guys either outright lie or just act like you have zero standards? 

This isn't recency bias what I'm about to say, as I've played GTA IV on PS3 again last year and boy oh boy is it bad. The visual fidelity is awful with blurry, washed out filters to try to hide the jaggies due to bad/non-existent anti-aliasing, the resolution in general is a sub-720p framebuffer, and the framerate is abysmal. The framerate is always in the low-20s and often falls into the teens when things get hairy, and as a result the frametimes are also horrendous. 

The 360 version barely fares any better and the PC port is infamous for how badly done it was. These are all objective facts. You can say you personally don't mind all these things, but to imply it's even a good experience is laughable.
        Virgin alert 🚨
            Cope lmao
It would also be nice if you didn’t lose rep when you decline an invite to hang out with a friend. Especially if it’s during a mission when you literally can’t accept even if you want to.
    Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
        I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
That's fair. I personally didn't mind them but I understand how they can be annoying for some for sure and that's valid.
>~~a bit~~

very*
There's a huge difference between manual and auto, for one automatic won't just stop and make you turn the engine off for changing gear wrong, or for trying to get into reverse. I never said people are special for driving stick, just that driving automatic is like driving a go kart. I didn't know so many people got offended because they couldn't drive manual.
    Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
        .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
If it helps you feel better ^^
I gave this guy his first downvote, now give me downvotes
60mph in a 90 degree turn? if you drive slow and civil, everything handles fine, if you throw your vehicle in a powerslide, what do you expect, constant grip? i could agree that some vehicles like cavalade are exaggerated, but generally it’s really good. try driving with an xbox controller in hood view. it’s pretty good.
    Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
        i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
ugh that sucks. It's certainly plausible imo.
    Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
The pirated versions are actually better though.
    In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
        Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
>If you're a pc gamer and don't mod/patch old games I don't think you can call yourself a pc gamer

That is ***literally*** gatekeeping, boyo.
    Ok suck a cock kid
Sure it looks nice for a 14 year old game, and it surely blew my mind back in 2008. But upon revisiting it earlier this year I couldn't help but notice it could use some graphical and performance improvements (stuff that GSG doesn't seem to be capable of btw).
No...

It looks, and runs like, just how V runs like shit on the day one PS4 and Xbox One...

PC is a different story.
"plays just fine" 

Why do you guys either outright lie or just act like you have zero standards? 

This isn't recency bias what I'm about to say, as I've played GTA IV on PS3 again last year and boy oh boy is it bad. The visual fidelity is awful with blurry, washed out filters to try to hide the jaggies due to bad/non-existent anti-aliasing, the resolution in general is a sub-720p framebuffer, and the framerate is abysmal. The framerate is always in the low-20s and often falls into the teens when things get hairy, and as a result the frametimes are also horrendous. 

The 360 version barely fares any better and the PC port is infamous for how badly done it was. These are all objective facts. You can say you personally don't mind all these things, but to imply it's even a good experience is laughable.
    Virgin alert 🚨
        Cope lmao
Accept and decline , doesnt lose points.
    I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
Like I said "if you know what you are doing there is no difference." Trashing the transmission is a good sign you suck at standard. I don't think you know very much about cars.
    .......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
Not even 60 mph, try half of that and it feels like the vehicle is just going to slide. You break even at low speed and the vehicle just pulls really bad not even talking about going 60mph plus,
    i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
Yeah I absolutely agree with you!
In what? When you mod it they are identical and the mods add many things and fix some.
    Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
Ok suck a cock kid
Virgin alert 🚨
    Cope lmao
I know, but it’s still annoying having to do that every 10 minutes, and like I said with the calls during missions it’s literally impossible to accept so you’ll lose rep if they call no matter what.
.......but there is a difference,  a big difference. I'm not trashing anything, but with stick there's more chance of the engine stalling than automatic, whether or not you know what you are doing. 

All I said was that driving an automatic is like a go kart, then you got offended and tried turning it into some sort of self felatio type thing
i dunno man, you can control your car mid air and roll it over in V. that’s way different. the issue you’re talking about is strange to me, because i don’t have issues driving in IV, it’s way more fun than in V. if i want to take a corner fast, i’ll throw my car in the corner, powerslide and then accelarate or take a better entry line if possible.
Easier to obtain and with no drm / launcher bullshit.
Cope lmao
