[[Cannon help (that I’m sure has been asked 100 times)]]


As the title suggests, I’m sure this has been asked 100 times, but I am having issues dialing in distance on the cannons.

Every guide I find gives great tips on how to hit from side to side or while moving, but I can’t find anything on judging distance.

Any help is appreciated, even links to guides that talk about this would be helpful!

Thanks!


KaiJoi's video on how to be main canon covers this.  Quite frankly, I'm surprised no one posted this yet.  His guides are god-like.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFzDKl04T5k
    Yup this is all the info you need about shooting cannons.
Honestly? There is no Trick. Watch the arc of your cannonballs until you hear the sound cue when you hit. Other than that it's just practice. Shoot 100000 cannonballs in pvp and you'll probably be decent at hitting.

Edit: Some extra tips:

* Watch the arc of you enemies or allies cannonballs, too. If they hit, try to match them.
* Ask you helm where your cannonballs are giong if you can't tell

Pitch, roll, and yaw, their rate of change and both your and the enemies speed influence where you have to aim. Those are to many variables for me to keep track off. With practice you can get to the point were you can "feel" where you have to shoot,
One detail I only learnt after months of playing is that the cosmetic you pick for you cannons can change the view angle, and hence change your aim too.

I used to change them all the time, and had to re-adapt for some of them sometimes.
    This needs to be higher. Get good with one cannon and stick with it. I typically use the Eternal Freedom canons and usually only require one “test” shot and dial it in from there. Fire first shot, step off of cannon, watch it land, and adjust. Lately, I’ve been able to hit about 80-90% of my shots after the intitial test shot.
        I have a few cannons i can aim comfortably with, Lodestar, Hunters Call, DA and any that share the stock model, i strongly suggest avoiding flared cannons as those lie a lot about where they are aiming (for example the Obsidian cannons)
Comes with practice and observation. Shoot one, see where it lands. If you are in a crew, helmsman can give you info.
    Helm info is huge if you're not solo. I constantly ask mine where my shots are landing if i'm not hitting.
Depending on the distance involved, you can often use the opposing ship's mast(s) to help keep your shots consistent 

i.e. if you're dialed in, aim at that same height up their mast to hit them again, otherwise aim further up or down according to how you want to adjust your shots
It just takes practice. What really helped me get better was to not just volley my shots back to back. You need to shoot, look, shoot, look. After a few encounters your aim will become more accurate.
On top of what has been said, I recommend (because I learned that way) to start with trying to hit big targets, so galleons and skelly ships. The more you practice, the more you adjust your feel for this.

Edit: trying to think of more helpful ways, what also helped myself waas saying to myself before a session "today I try to practice shooting or cannoning or something something" and this had the effect of being able to better recognize situations where I actually could practice the thing I set out to do.
Is there any way to judge distance other than practice trial and error and getting used to it until it becomes intuition? Serious question.
    No, not really.
With time you can estimate how high to aim. There is not secret trick that will make you hit everything. It's all about practice.

There are some small tricks to get started though. For instance in a medium range broad with a brig i will usually first aim the tip of my cannon nose to the enemy flag on the main mast and see where my cannonballs land and adjust my aim.
Use the arc of your opponent's cannon shots as a guide.
Yup this is all the info you need about shooting cannons.
This needs to be higher. Get good with one cannon and stick with it. I typically use the Eternal Freedom canons and usually only require one “test” shot and dial it in from there. Fire first shot, step off of cannon, watch it land, and adjust. Lately, I’ve been able to hit about 80-90% of my shots after the intitial test shot.
    I have a few cannons i can aim comfortably with, Lodestar, Hunters Call, DA and any that share the stock model, i strongly suggest avoiding flared cannons as those lie a lot about where they are aiming (for example the Obsidian cannons)
Helm info is huge if you're not solo. I constantly ask mine where my shots are landing if i'm not hitting.
No, not really.
I have a few cannons i can aim comfortably with, Lodestar, Hunters Call, DA and any that share the stock model, i strongly suggest avoiding flared cannons as those lie a lot about where they are aiming (for example the Obsidian cannons)
