[[Thoughts on Halo 3 ODST]]





I had a ton of fun learning the ins and outs of the campaign and getting the firefight achievements, so it was absolutely worth the money. ODST and the other Bungie Halo's were perfectly glitchable and almost always had much to explore beyond the intended paths. Big fan
    Hell yeah feel the same
    Ah yes. lol Makes me think of Halo 2’s Outskirts level. Always going up to the skull, and then grenade jumping to the top of the map and then running around lol

We used to play co-op, kill each other until there was a pile of grenades and then launch a warthog with us in it. Good time, such nostalgia
    [deleted]
        not "new maps" but all the dlc maps lol, it's how i was able to get the skulls on ODST so easily
I really enjoy it, it's a fun twist on the halo gameplay formula. It's awesome how you go around New Mombasa to start missions, fire fight is a ton of fun, the jazz! And the big bit of not being a spartan but still being a badass, I could go on and on but I love the game. Also not exactly a bad thing but is the easiest legendary out of all the games.
    > Also not exactly a bad thing but is the easiest legendary out of all the games.

Whenever there was a game pass quest or achievement for beating a LASO level, I'd always turn to Uplift Reserve. Hijack a ghost and it's a 5 minute run.
The atmosphere and mood of it is absolutely unmatched.
    The rainy night with the music in the background while exploring the city
        Perfect if you can play in a dark room with good sound system
            Playing with my hue lights in the living room and the home theater sound system is unmatched. Can't get the same level of immersion on any other game
                I am legit jealous. I got goosebumps just from reading this
                I’ve always wondered what ODST and Reach campaigns felt like with hue lights
    The comments on the ODST track ‘Rain’ YouTube clip are great. So many people sharing memories. Banger of a track with an instant nostalgia factor. Reminds me of some of Joe Hisaishis best work on Spirited Away etc.
        If you play the mobile game mindustry there is a mod which switches out the ost of the game to the odst sound track
    Most beautiful soundtrack of all the Halo games.
    High quality rain already scores much for atmosphere.
Needs a sequel. Either based on odst lore and what happened to the team after the game. Or a new team of odsts that survived the attack on the Infinity.
    >Either based on odst lore and what happened to the team after the game.

The Rookie died and they all became SPARTAN-IVs. I kind of wish they just stayed ODSTs. I hate how everyone and their mothers became SPARTANs in 343 lore.
        Yeah really does trivialise it a bit
            “When everyone is super, no one will be.” The Incredibles
                That quote really does sum up why I don't like the Spartan-IVs.
                    From a practical standpoint I totally get why the UNSC would strive for Spartan IVs though. Backs up against a wall against a far superior foe necessitated pulling out all stops to save the species.
                        They make sense in terms of technological progression, I just don't like them narratively because it cheapens what being a Spartan is. Becoming a Spartan should entail some kind of personal sacrifice. The Spartan-IIIs were the perfect middle ground between the IIs and the IVs, IMO. Barring the lack of Mjolnir and the special neurological augmentations the Gammas got, of course.
                            They make sense in a storytelling progression too given how dire humanity’s situation was. To not go down the S4 path would mean the UNSC was confident they could turn the tide of the war without them which is ludicrous as the war would’ve definitely been lost had it not been for the Great Schism.
                    Yep.
            "You get power armor! And you get power armor! EVERYONE GETS POWER ARMOR!"
                https://media.tenor.com/FgzdT5avAisAAAAM/bees-bee.gif
        “Why need regular soldiers when make all super soldiers?” -343 or something. Realistically though, if it was cheap enough any military would do that.
        And then mickey betrayed them, right? Or maybe it was Romeo? I think Dutch retired after, right? Idk, one betrayed, I forgot what happened to the other, and one retired at the funeral (I still think Dutch)
            That all happened (it was Mickey who defected), but they later reunited in 2558 (including Mickey).
                Cool!
            I actually really liked that book, it was really well written. But it again is a huge disservice to fans by eliminating characters outside if their games.
                Hey, maybe if we get a sequel we’ll be able to play through those events.
                    We wouldn't be fighting covenant, though, and as far as action is concerned, there isn't a lot of it. I'd just prefer a new set of ODSTs earlier in the war.
                        Heheheh, yeah we could play as those suicidal ODST’s in the beginning of the package. Seriously, they all died almost instantly when i played, maybe its different for somebody else, but really, they’re basically suicidal, just like regular marines
        Well Rookie died because of Mickey.

I can’t remember what happened to him, but he sided with the Insurrectionists and that’s why Rookie was killed.

So I’m pretty sure Mickey didn’t become a Spartan-IV
    Let us play through the story of the New Blood and Bad Blood halo novels. That would be awesome.
    Honestly 343 needs to go BACK to the covenant war and tell stories from that era. They could even go before reach. The story they made in infinite is just too weird and convoluted.
        I agree. The Human-Covemant War is simply fascinating. 343 Industries have never been able to replace that conflict with anything near as interesting. The Covenant have aeons of history and a complex dynamic between its client races.

I'd kill for another game set before Halo: CE. I don't understand why 343 are so averse to it.
            Halo 4 wasn’t awful but the story was significantly less interesting, Halo 5 was a total mess of a story that was very dull and I think that’s where things fell apart. The Banished gave me a lot of hope that the story could be salvaged if they focused on them rather than all the didact bs but I found them too cartoonish as a faction in infinite to be interesting
        Hear me out but a Covenant war game that includes a series short one or two mission story arcs some opportunities are: 

- Mission as a marine in the Harvest campaign

- Mission as Jacob Keyes

- A pair of prequel missions as Nobel 6

- Reach mission as the Field Marshall that hunted Nobel Team that highlights their dogmatic commitment to the Great Journey

- Reach mission as an elite in New Alexandria that highlights the intense battle for the planet and the elite’s respect for humanity

- Halo CE mission as an elite in the 343 Guilty Spark facility as the flood is unleashed.

- Halo CE mission as Sergeant Johnson entering and escaping the 343 Guilty Spark facility 

- Halo 2 mission as Sergeant Johnson entering the library 

- Halo 2 mission as the flood storming In Amber Clad and High Charity. Maybe you play as Gravemind controlling a flood form. Every time your form dies, maybe you just take over another form with no progress lost. Signifying the unstoppability of the Flood.
        Eh, they can fuck right off. Someone else who is good at making games should do it. Respawn Entertainment, maybe.
Needs a sequel
    It really really does. Why halo doesn't have a side line of games where you play as ODST or marines I have no idea. 

I love playing a Spartan but they are basically killing machines. There is something about playing a hopeless marine ODST well against the odds that makes it special and more meaningful for me.
        I liked feeling like I couldn't just brute force everything and actually had to use a bit of stealth
        I think the point you make really applies to all the great halo games: that feeling of desperation and hope against hopeless odds is what made games like halo 3 and ODST so special. Halo 3s ad campaign pre-release really played on this concept with their “Believe” ad and man did it hit hard.
    I hate to say it but even if it does get one, it's never ever going to capture the feel of the Bungie version from that point in time. There was a magic in the air around the time that game came out where Bungie could do no wrong. They had all the ingredients and they kept pumping out bangers. It'll never happen again. Too much has changed.
        For sure. They had the right people with the right vision to make fun, beautiful games with amazing atmospheres, style, and music. New Mombasa at night, with the style and the lights, with the music, the tone… I have seen nothing to indicate 343 would ever be able to pull off something like that
Love it. I absolutely mean this to be complimentary in that the missions feel like a "Greatest Hits" compilation of the type of missions I think of when I think of original era Halo. Like, if I was to rank "Best warthog levels" "Best sniper levels" "best scorpion levels" etc, while I wouldn't put any ODST missions at number one, all of them are strong contenders.

It's a fantastic time.
    Agreed, and the levels are typically shorter and they are all fairly different from each other. A "Greatest Hits" is a great analogy. 

Pop in, try a bunch of different flavors all packed into one game.
Great game.

The atmosphere was impeccable, especially in the night sections. And I'm happy they were willing to try something new with the game, giving us both an open world section and incorporating some stealth aspects. Firefight was also a great addition. And, I'm not gonna lie, having the Firefly cast reunited as ODSTs was kind of cool.

My main criticism of the game is that I think they didn't take it far enough. I would've liked the ODST to be even weaker and stealth to be even more encouraged through things like your silenced weapons ACTUALLY being silenced (which they aren't in the game) and crouching actually properly hiding you. I'm not saying it should've been a full-on stealth game, but I think that stealth should've been a bigger aspect. On top of that, I think the open world should've been a bit larger, we should've spent more time in it and there should've been more to do in it. Like for example being able to be detected by the overhead phantoms and having ones arrive to drop off troops if you're detected endlessly, until you manage to get away.

A lesser criticism is that I also think that while the story was fun enough, it needed more fleshing out to be as good as the main series. Either they needed to add more depth to the characters, or they needed to add more complexity to the plot. As it is I find the whole story a bit too simple and straightforward, even if it is cool to see what happened on earth between Halo 2 and Halo 3 and the characters are fun.

So basically, I think ODST is fantastic, especially in its atmosphere and its open world and how it mixed up the Halo formula. But I think it could've gone further in its stealth aspects and its open world. And while I think the cast was cool and fun and the story was interesting, I think both needed more fleshing out to be as good as the main series.
Get ready for some Jazz
Halo ODST has probably one of my favorite Halo soundtracks in the entire franchise. It added much to the atmosphere of the game and emphasized the fact the Rookie was alone. I never thought that Halo and Jazz would blend in together well, but Bungie or rather Marty O'Donnell made it work beautifully.
It’s my favorite Halo. It’s not the best Halo, but I love it the most. I love the jazz, the rain, the moodiness, the warthog run, the quasi-Firefly reunion. And I just love the look and humanity/fragility of ODSTs. It’s the one Halo that I prefer on Legendary because it feels so overwhelming. I wish it did more to be different: I wish there was no shield stamina system, I wish there were stealth elements for sneaking through the city, and a cover system similar to Rainbow Six Vegas. Even still it’s very unique and its whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
Getting to wander a bombed out city with some jazz? Hell yeah. 
The story was compelling and a fun mystery of getting your squad back together. 
Definitely worth the $60 it was back then, even more so at its discounted price now.
Firefight was incredible.
Best Halo Game fs
    To be honest I have a hard time choosing between this or reach
        I have to go with Reach because of two things: armor abilities and customization. I definitely preferred how Reach approached the extra abilities system over the previous titles of one and done go find another one. Then the armor customization just speaks for itself lol
It’s comfy and one of my factories
2nd best game behind Reach. They tried something different and fucking NAILED it.

SIDE NOTE :: My buddy and I are going though all of the Halos together (as he grew up in a PlayStation house) but I refuse to play OSDT with him as it takes away from the feeling it is supposed to give.
Best mood and atmosphere of the Halo games. the OST is killer.
🎷🎷🎷
ODST was a great spin-off, the plot blends organically with the main trilogy while introducing new characters and sharing none (except for Johnson cameo at the end). Storytelling is on point with strong noir vibes, flashbacks and the environmental interactions with the City and the Superintendent.

For being a spin-off with the same engine/mechanics of H3, there’s isn’t a real feeling of playing a human soldier instead of a Spartan. That’s ok… this aspect is lacking but the whole campaign experience convey the idea of a scattered group of non augmented human fighting against all odds.

ODST firefight is actually better than Reach, it was more challenging and required more cooperation and coordination in order to survive the later and stronger waves. Oh the Vidmaster challenge… the memories!

I think that ODST and then Reach represent how Halo franchise could’ve been evolved and could still evolve in the future: less Chief and saving the galaxy quest and more side stories with different characters and more grounded settings.
Not many will agree with me.... but I think it's better than Halo 3 in story honestly.
One of the best games of all time I feel. I'll replay it every year or so just because. Most AAA games I have in my library get played once or maybe twice, ODST has 15+ playthroughs on my end.
Very underrated.
The only thing I didn’t like about it was that it was too short.
This is the best Halo game imo. I love the story, characters, and the newer features on in H3 made the game super interesting.
Pleasant experience.
Love this game, just replayed it last month, still holds up really well
Uplift reserve is so much more fun than tsavo highway
🎷🎷🎷 SAD SAXOPHONE 🎷🎷🎷
Soundtrack of all soundtracks
What a karma farming post if I ever saw one.
One of the most immersive titles from the series, things really felt at stake and helpless at times
Soundtrack.

&#x200B;

Beautiful intro to Firefight!
Hot take(more like an opinion)... its my favourite halo game, the atmosphere and strength difference really makes you realise how powerful Spartans are and how tough the war has been on regular folk. ODST and reach have been really pivotal games for me
Possibly the best story in a video game EVER.
I wish there were more like it and we got our own custom ODST
Best game in the series
We need an ODST 2
My favorite
Peak gaming.
Loved it. It was actually the first Halo game that I've ever played.
A whole vibe, once a year at night I like to put on my headphones shut the blinds and play through the campaign in a sitting
Favourite game in the series, I love the atmosphere, the vibe of being lost and alone in the city. I’ve played a Halo mod for Contractors on Oculus Quest and a VR adaptation of this game is top of my dream list
People's takes here are a little OTT. It isn't the "best in the series" because without the "series" you don't enjoy it as much. What makes it amazing is that it is set in a universe you have grew up with and loved, but this time, get to play as an ODST. Which is great to experience the universe as a normal person in some respects. Their approach to the game was also amazing. Setting it during events of a game you've already played as the hero, but getting to see the journey of this squad played out in... well, you'll have to play and see.

&#x200B;

The game is a blast, the direction and story telling is top notch. It definitively deserves the praise it got and is loved as a result. I don't think anything will ever beat the feeling of the original CE experience, which leads onto Halo 2 and 3 events personally. Without those games ODST wouldn't hit as hard. But all the games are made better because of how they all link together, and being able to play during the events of Halo 1-3 will always be something I'd sign onto.

They could tell so many stories during the events of halo 1-3 that I would happily pay for. They should definitively do other ODST games during that time period.
    Ignoring the whole series… I enjoy it the exact same
I just didn’t like that your abilities are very similar to Spartans in mjolnir armor. But overall it is amazing .I hope they make more games where you are not a spartan
Great gameplay, great soundtrack, amazing vibes and atmosphere, terrible story and meh characters. One of the best Halo titles
    Agreed, never understood why this game is so praised from a story perspective. The writing is pretty bad and the dialogue is a little cringy at times, sorta written like a kids show. Love the soundtrack and the atmosphere, but the story falls flat.
Boring empty game that I cannot understand the hype behind. It’s pretty and has excellent music but the plot is inconsequential boring shit that barely exists until the last two missions, half of the game is literal empty streets with the occasional brute and 5 grunts. The main missions take 5 minutes to complete and there’s only 2 actually memorable ones because they’re closest to resembling ODSTs. “Wasn’t it cool to figure out what happened to your team” no because it ultimately doesn’t matter. The big reveal is buck just appearing in the underground thing. It’s ass. It’s a shit game, I beat it in less than 3 hours on legendary a few weeks ago despite having not played it in years. It was a full priced game when it came out.
Doesn't deserve near the amount of praise this sub gives it. Its a good game but probably 2nd worst bungie game, worst being CE
Worse main Halo game, this is not include the BS RTS game they game.
I liked how it was very different to the other games. Like how you don't get a squad of ai marines to help you.
Great game, and the campaign is very replayable.
One of the best halo expierences
Love it
Masterpiece
    It’s the best one
Surprised by so many "borings" in the replies here. I find ODST such an excellent game at portraying melancholy and using a semi-open world structure where you find remnants from the past in the world and then flashback to play those moments is genius.
    Most of them are from teenagers who just blow thru the game and go back to playing War zone or Fortnite lol
Could have been way better. Ripping turrets off their bases and punching wraiths to death breaks the immersion the game tries so hard to establish. Plus the animations are janky and weird. My opinion of the game isn't as high as most
Disappointment and waste of playing as someone who is not a Spartan/Elite.

The missions/mood and music are all great but you are still just playing a spartan, no need to approach anything differently just run up and punch the brute to death.

Still have recharing shields, can still rip turrets of the mount and run around with them,, can take a ton of plasma rounds and be fine etc etc.
    The game isn't meant to be Elden Ring. It is still a game afterall. You can take a certain amount of damage or as a game, it isn't fun to play. Obviously the main line games are more fun and epic, but it still was a great addition being able to play as an ODST.  


They had to balance it somehow so you weren't just a pawn being one shot every 2 seconds.
        My issue is that they did not balance it for not being a spartan at all, it plays just like the rest of the games.

Getting killed in 2 seconds if you are out of position is not a bad thing, it would be a far more interesting game than what we got imo.
            To be fair I do understand what you’re saying. I think shield regen is just a fun gameplay loop in most games. No one wants to search for health but in ce you had to so they could have added that.

Regarding dying, I do feel it was harder to play, but that’s what the difficulty is for. I always felt on heroic that the game was challenging. I’d agree with you if there was only one difficulty but if you play on east, you can’t complain you take 4 plasma bullets. Difficulty does weight the damage taken. So if you want a more realistic feel you have to up the difficulty. Not saying you played on easy but your opinion on it would be different if you played on legendary. Not enough ammo, not enough grenades. The game can be brutal.
    You speak like you haven't done it on laso
        It's not the hardest Halo game LASO or not, every game is harder to complete LASO what's your point?
            >The missions/mood and music are all great but you are still just playing a spartan, no need to approach anything differently just run up and punch the brute to death.

> Still have recharing shields, can still rip turrets of the mount and run around with them,, can take a ton of plasma rounds and be fine etc etc.


None of this is true on laso
                ODST LASO is the same as LASO across the rest of the series - that's my point it's just another halo game as a Spartan.
                    Yeah except it's not for all the reasons you stated originally
Boring

I can’t finish it, even after multiple tries. I just don’t care about its boring cast of characters, they give you no reason to before scattering them and telling you to find them. The only one i care about is Buck and thats’s only cuz I like Nathan Fillion.

It’s also set in the most bland, boring, ugly scifi city I’ve ever seen. Also what’s with the mystery sigils all over the place that appear when you turn on night vision? Googled it but nobody seems to know.
If anyone has a digital campaign code for the 360, I’ll gladly pay you a premium for it.
0/10 too much rain
It’s a fun campaign, but in 2009 you don’t know how disappointed everyone was to spend 60 dollars on a game and it not have any multiplayer mode. It’s current price of $5 is much more appropriate
    Didn’t it have Firefight at launch or am I mistaken?
        it does but I mean a pvp mode.
Ngl, I’m not much of a halo fan but I guess odst isn’t horrible.
I really like halo 3 ODST its fun and it had really wierd places like zoo or whatever it was and i thought that is was a good idea
If I could, I would sleep with it
Needs a sequel following the books
Was a great game. Biggest let down(?) was it was just a halo game - it didn’t feel enough like I was playing a marine. I don’t know - it’s amazing.
I think back to this game with lots of fond memories. 

I miss the days of endlessly playing this game with my high school class mates trying to get all the achievements.
Masterpiece. On time and under budget. They knew the Music, and Danced.
Phenomenal. It’s beautiful the soundtrack is spectacular.
Awesome game and a bit of a sleeper hit when it came out. A lot of my friends also played halo and most of them said something along the lines of "A halo game where your not playing chief? Doubt it'll be good but I'll try it at least... Holy Shit, why can't I put this game down?!"
Other than losing my mind looking for the sniper rifle, I absolutely loved it.
🎷🎷🎷
Halo ODST 2 when??
At the time was also the cheapest way to get all halo 3 dlc for multiplayer so it was great.
The soundtrack is Fire
We need a new ODST game! 343 hasn’t put any ODSTs in halo 4, 5, or infinite. Pretty disappointing.
Great game. Shame no more halo games have been made since.
I liked it so much to the point where I prefer odsts over Spartans imo it’s the best halo game
I hated it when I first played it. I was going through with a friend and only played once or twice a month. I also didn't understand the "open world" nature of the rookie missions and was confised about why I kept going down the same corridor with the same enemies every time. Now, I have a much greater appreciation for the game
Should’ve been where they started adaptations for Halo. Story, environment, music, all amazing.
H3: ODST was the first Halo game I played when I got an Xbox 360 for the first time.  
I maintain that it's one of my favourite games because it gave us a spinoff of the main campaign without negatively affecting the story or any main characters because it was it's own self-contained little story that was overall, an interesting perspective to play through given we were no longer a Spartan.
Bought it for the maps, stayed for the FPS noir. 10/10
best game ever
the game is beautiful in nearly all aspects. The story was needed to bring a new perspective to the franchise. Also I have to agree with the youtuber MintBlitz on this but I think Halo needs more stories and games like this. I would also want some 3rd party studio to make a campagin that doesnt focus on Masterchief.


Also I wan to try out that odst multiplayer on MCC that uses halo3 maps.
My childhood game, played it so much with my brother. Recently bought it again for my xbox360 and we had a blast

Music gets me every time, after all those years I still remembered it perfectly
I feel like odst doesn't get enough attention. I remember the feeling when I first played it and wish I could experience it for the first time again. And of course, that soundtrack!
My absolute favorite of the series. The only thing I really wish was different is more places/ hidden areas to explore in Mombasa streets. 
 
It was probably just time or tech constraints but I feel like there were a lot of missed opportunities for weapon caches or visual stories in all the nooks and crannies of the city.
Love the atmosphere and vibes. Gameplay was fun but weird due to being a halo 3 engine derived game so you never really felt that underpowered as a non spartan.

In a perfect world we’d get more spinoffs like these. Imagine an ODST game set during the fall of New Alexandria in Reach. Maybe some base building mechanics or defense mechanics to hold off the covenant.  Throw in the RTS elements from Black Ops 2’s campaign where you could control units from a top down perspective so the combat felt tactical.

Alas a man could dream
Wonderful campaign and excellent music. Overall I really enjoyed it and still do sometimes for nostalgia
#2 in my top 3 halos 4 player legendary campaign is a different experience too and a must play.
    Why is my text ENLARGED
Loved the fresh take on being a regular human during the war and the soundtrack and atmosphere was amazing
Quality over quantity
Best music. Change my mind
I spent a lot of long nights of solace on this game.
Still my favorite Halo. Has really good music, the SMG and pistol feel good to use, firefight is fun and challenging, and the campaign was interesting because its told differently but still looks familiar aesthetically. Plus sneaking around New Mombasa at night is fun. Stealth feels like it works.
Great game, deserves a sequel but it will probably get fucked up. I liked seeing the perspective of normal soldiers in war rather than Spartans for a change. Was very interesting.
When it first came out, I thought it was okay, but as I played the game more and more my appreciation for it grew, I remember playing firefight with my friends in middle school, loads of fun.
Probably my favourite campaign wise (isn’t it just campaign?), it’s just so relaxing to play through the destroyed city with that sax behind it, brutally killing all the brutes and those engineers making them blow up the brutes in the process even though they’re enslaved by the covenant to be basically suicide bombers. The warthog level is fun.
i belive it is their darkest halo, and i love it!
I really liked it, it was one of the first Halo games I owned alongside Reach and 3, those were simpler times...
Has the best OST, fight me.
This is absolutely one of my favorite halo games of all time. The story, the difficulty, Virgil. Everything about it is great.
Loved it but there is a part of me that wishes Bungie did more to differentiate the ODSTs and Spartans. Like a different game play loop that required more planning and stealth than what there currently is. 


The highlight for me was the soundtrack. I remember binging a lot of Batman trades and having this on while reading fit the mood. It's a fond memory.
My favorite halo game and I wish it got more recognition. Even the multiplayer was good even though I'd agree it's nothing compared to the usual multiplayer I believe firefight was revolutionary to the franchise. Gears had horde mode so why not halo have it but with a twist and the campaign was awesome and my personal favorite of the series.
Probably my favorite that Bungie made besides 3 and Reach. I like CE and 2 a lot but at times I feel like they’re a bit bloated and repetitive (in CE’s case)
I LOVE JAZZ 🎷🎷🎷🎷🎷
Great game the campaign is not for me but the firefight is better than reach and really fun
Absolute S Tier Halo Game, a masterpiece of a title. The campaign had one of the best so tired and gameplay since Halo 2. Firefight was also a welcome addition to play with friends. 20/10 game it always blows me away every time I hear that amazing soundtrack.
If I remember correctly, I think Halo 3 ODST was the last Halo game I bought. I rented Halo 4 and 5 and have not played Infinite. For me, ODST represented a nice coda to the series I loved. Having the three actors from Firefly show up in it was certainly a pleasant surprise. Despite being set between Halo 2 and 3, I always jokingly called it Halo 2.5 ODST.
Best Halo game
Every Bungie Halo game has a killer soundtrack but for me the ODST OST is the standout and easily my favourite. The jazzy moody atmosphere and the killer higher energy action tracks are fantastic. I think the OST adds a hell of a lot to the game. As for the game itself, the mood and atmosphere is wonderful, as is the world building. You truly experience a sense of isolation when playing as the rookie. It also holds a special place for me as it was one of my first introductions to halo, playing firefight at a friend's house. That said, while I adore it for what it is, I feel it has the opportunity to do more. The fact that playing as an odst feels no different to playing as the master chief for the most part does feel like a limitation, either of the engine or of the deadlines imposed on the team. It would have been interesting experiencing the halo universe through the eyes of a significantly smaller and weaker human than through the usual lens of the Spartan. I would love a game at some point to convey the true size and terrifying nature of jackal or brute as depicted by the expanded lore. That said, for what it is and what resources the development team had, it's a great addition to the franchise and I always look forward to a playthrough.
This game is 2nd only to reach for me.
My buddies and I played the shit outta this game back in the day. Firefight was a great mode, campaign was phenomenal. What I wouldn’t give to go back to the days of being in my mid teens and having not a care in the world, staying up all night playing with my friends.
We are ODST, we drop feet first into hell.
An amazing little side story for halo 2 with halo 3 gameplay. And, introduced firefight which is my personal favourite halo mode ever.
Story and characters are pretty bad. The game is really great to play, however.
Good
I loved walking around the city at night, the vibe was sweet.
Competes with Reach for the "most immersive" Halo experience IMO, amazing atmosphere. The soundtrack absolutely SLAPS.
Awesome atmosphere and even better soundtrack
i'm pretty new to halo and of every installment i've played so far, ODST is my favorite. a game hasn't felt so much like home to me since mass effect 2. 
the music, the tone and scale shift from halo 1-3, the subtle shift in gameplay are all 👌
Sad Jazz
A solid side game. 

Nails the halo vibe while doing something fresh. 

Biggest gripe was no multiplayer pvp. But looking back i dont blame them. Would of just ended up feeling like a cod wanna be.
Some of the coolest mission in the series. Flying a banshee through the city at night was a peak mission for me
Nostalgic
I played it last year for the first time deapite being a big fan of the Bungie era Halo games

Thought it was a solid 8/10. Loved the Engineer bit, loved learning more lore, and *in hindsight* I liked the tone of the characters and their relationships. It felt distinctively different in tone the main story. The music and silenced SMG and Pistol were among ny favorites of the franchise though.


 I do think its the weakest Bungie Halo game, but a good game nonetheless
One of if not my favorite of the franchise it provided more of a challenge and gave us an amazing side story with new characters,birthed firefight and that soundtrack was just 🤌🏻 10/10 please for the love of God 343 give us ODST 2 I don't care if you set it on Zeta Halo and have it take place before Brohammer picks Chief up but we NEED ODST 2.
One of the best. Great way to mix up the Halo series after 3. Bungie also did some fun marketing / teasing via the superintendent on [bungie.net](https://bungie.net) at the time of development. That was a lot of fun to track and put puzzles together.
Favorite halo campaign. So much fun, semi open world, and I think we all remember the first time those hunters popped up in Mombasa. The game was like light survival horror lol
Desperately need a sequel
Unironically 2nd best in the halo games. Fantastic and deep story, great combat, and a balanced difficulty. The way the game felt was also very unique.
Turned halo from an action to a horror game
I still play through this once or twice a year. It really is a perfect 10/10 game. The story, gameplay, atmosphere. It's so so good. I also like to play halo 2 up to NM, then play odst right after. 

Bungie Halo was just different than what we have now
Favorite Halo because it offers a unique story experience
Second favourite in the series.

If this game had the full investment of a AAA dev cycle it would easily be the best.

My only issues with the game are slightly short missions and the same-y copy and paste city

I think a dedicated modder with enough time could easily rectify this
Pain
fantastic game ruined by my young self and unrealistic expectations  
For some reason i felt like the campaign was gonna start after finding and  grouping up with your squad and finding them all was just a long tutorial which i ran through as fast as i could.   


SUPRISE!, the game ended when i was expecting it to start  
I was dumb. also took me 20 minutes to find the sniper on the power lines lmao
Only seen one anti odst comment.
Fantastic game. Overall a good improvement from Halo 3.
Best game in the series
My favourite. A side project masterpiece 👌 the atmosphere, the rain, the silent protagonist, jazz! It hits the spot
Fantastic game with a great soundtrack
Wish more like it would’ve come out
Good game, even though it was short. It was a nice change of perspective. The most banger thing about it is the music though
It's a pretty artistic Halo and for me, way better than Halo 3 itself.   
It's not the best Halo of all time but still pretty memorable.
I know it's not for everyone but I loved it. One of the best campaigns imo. Great idea to let the rookie puzzle the story together alone at night and switch to that character to play their mission. I liked that switching around and going back to the rookie. It was exciting traversing the city as a more vulnerable character, completely alone. 

Also, a great atmosphere with a wonderful soundtrack. Not only the film noir vibe and jazz stuff but the epic battle sequences have great music too. Especially 'Skyline' and 'Finale'.

And Firefight was amazing.
This was my first console game every as a kid. I remember getting this and a Xbox 360 for Christmas. I left the party immediately and went downstairs to the dark basment on the cold winter night and booted up the game. I still remember the opening song like it was yesterday. Underrated game and soundtrack imo
It was the game that got me into Halo. It's my favourite, the atmosphere, story. All of it, I personally believe it's a masterpiece, much like reach, that after all this time; it's still so good to play with friends.
It's probably my favorite game out of the whole franchise.  Halo 3 game play with the nightime New Mombasa atmosphere and jazz.
The campaign beats every halo game, and you can not change my mind about that
Good game
Good music
Good game. Great music. Wish there was more stuff like the beginning when you’re alone in the dark just keeping your head down and moving fast to avoid getting clobbered.
Absolute god tier
It’s an interesting game because I feel like the team, after spending about a decade building traditional Halo games, all had wild ideas about some twist for the formula.

Some guys wanted more stealth mechanics, others wanted more tactical squad-based gameplay, others really liked immersive environmental storytelling, some people thought a film noir shooter would be wild, etc. Of course Microsoft just wanted another hit Halo game with the traditional formula.

The end product is kind of unfocused and I think it would have been better if they really leaned into one of these ideas super-heavily and just focused on that. Still, it’s a cool mix of different ideas and I feel like the development team had a lot of fun with it, even if I don’t think it lives up to its potential.
Great game you even can find out if you pay attention that the rookie survived worse odds than masterchief the rookie had around 90% chance of death when his pod collided with the other and the pod broke open mastercheif has survived  around 70% chance of death sadly he died a non covenant caused death years later
Imo the best halo story, hands down. Fun, engaging, great characters, incredible atmosphere and music (I think Marty’s best work).
Honestly never played it, cause my mom told me at the time I could get ODST or wait for Halo reach so I chose reach
I loved this game...so much that I played it a few days early and got my Xbox banned .I was a dumb kid
second best to reach
Love the game, made a cosplay of the odst because its 9ne of my favorite halo games
Had the best trailer for sure
Fuckin masterpiece
Peak halo
Halo 3 odst and halo reach are honestly my two favorites out of the whole franchise because they spun the vibe and feel of the halo games and turned it into something awesome without totally walking outside the bounds of what makes a halo game a halo game (unlike the 343 halo games).

Halo 3 ODST was awesome because of the world exploration, detective work, interesting story flow, and of course, firefight was always fun.

Halo Reach was awesome because it was a grittier (not gritty, per se, just grittier), more serious look on halo, dancing with serious themes and a more realistic military feel than with previous halo games. Plus, having a Spartan to make your own was a blast.

Both underrated. The original halo trilogy is nothing short of legendary, but I always find myself coming back to these two, time and time again.
Still the best version of FireFight to date
The trailer was a bigger reason for me being in the military than any other commercial. So yea, I liked it a little bit.
I love Halo's ODSTs, they're so bloody cool and badass, i'd go as far to say they're cooler than spartans
Best game
Loved the campaign. It was something different. Legendary really puts you to the test of how struggling it is being an odst compared to a spartan.
ODST was the first Halo that I owned, and it will continue to be my favorite halo game above the future installments. It is absolutely worth buying and playing even on the MCC on PC. I will, however, recommend playing through at least Halo 2 to understand the story of ODST first.
Baller Campaign….. once you got used to it
Definitely the most unique game in the series. With the soft open world and stealth mechanics the Rookie segments were truly unlike anything players had seen in this series before, and to this day still hasn't been attempted again. 

The more heavily scripted missions also do a great job fulfilling the game's original premise as an expansion for H3, using mostly the same assets but creating many memorable and fun levels which go in unique and novel directions. 

My only major gripe with the game is that the tone of the dialogue doesn't quite match the atmosphere. ODST is remembered for its immersive, moody tone during the rookie segments, but the parts where you play as the rest of the team have a bit too much Comic Relief and quipping. Despite its immaculate atmosphere, ODST is arguably the most lighthearted game in Bungues run with the series, with its sense of humor, deliberate moments of camp, and even being the only game in the series to feature a Romantic subplot. None of this sinks the game, but it does all feel a bit out of place.
I think ODST really highlights the best parts of Bungie at its peak.

I think it really illustrates where the franchise could’ve gone under the right leadership and vision. This was after halo 3 and I remember being a kid wondering how there was ever going to be more halo games, because I was obsessed. 

I actually didn’t even play halo 3 yet because my parents wouldn’t get it for me, but on my birthdays, o asked for halo 3 (used because I though it was a money issue) but instead, in the best way possible they got me Halo 3 ODST and it remains one of the best gifts I’ve ever received. I just wanted the old game that had been out for some time and here I had the newest game that just came out, and it genuinely blew my mind with how good the mood was. I had never played a game that immersed me so deeply into the living city, seeing the remains of a battle. Following Sadie’s story as a civilian perspective of the fall of New Mumbai. It’s a shame what they did in the novel and buck afterwards. Playing as a regular elite soldier recontextualized so much about the halo universe. Seeing how desperate and alone the squad was. Going to each location and seeing the remains of other fallen soldiers and civilians really illustrates how desperate of a fight it was. Top tier gaming moment for me growing up
Honestly my favorite in the series. If it was longer and had it's own multiplayer, it would probably end up as one of my top 5 games of all time
A lot of missed opportunities but not terrible.
Better than Halo 3
First Halo I beat on legendary. Such a good game
GOATed game. Bought it again on Steam just to do it over all these years later.
love it
It’s tied with Reach as my favorite Halo game. There were many Saturday nights I’d boot the game up at 11pm or midnight and just roam the Mombassa streets. I’d sneak around, pick off Covenant when it would give a strategic advantage, go between the weapons caches, and just explore. ODST’s definitely got my favorite soundtrack too.
Jazz and memories
Interesting way of telling a story. With building character depth from short missions that provide context to overall narrative. 

Evidence that silent protagonist are always a good thing as it truelly captures the viewer being a spectator witnessing the story unfold. 

The music plus the mood and tonal shifts between NM Streets and other missions in the game. Orchestrated masterfully. 

The audio recordings that was a nice subplot to again provide context on the cities AI, which at the same time was a way of the virgil communicating with out protagonist. Which i found pretty clever. This connecting with the corrupt nm cop that you meet during Data Hive. 

The characters had charisma when interacting with each other, which only added to the narrative and the dynamic of the squad. Only gripe I had about the story was Dare could've easily briefed the team about where they were actually ment to be landing instead of compartmentalising the mission objecting. 

The city was a big character in the game. And definitely a unique take on brutalist neo-futurism it wasnt just a cyberpunk city we tend to see in a lot of scifi pop culture when featuring a urban area. Which looking at this now. Kinda sucks how NM Street map in halo infinite was too colourful that ended up looking a lot like the cyberpunking aesthetic we are commonly use too. Both have their respective values and look great. 
                 But the characteristic of NM was this foreboding warm structure that loomed over the player with hints of lights streamlined  across the streets and alies gave a functional industrial look was a unique look that ODST offered.

Overall, great game. small, short and sweet.
Love it, wish there was more content. Potentially pvp in the dark streets
I had fun. Had a sort of Battlefield Hardline feel. In the sense of it being ½ a sequel kinda. Had a large love/hate ratio more than any type of middle ground imo. Still had a good time. 8/10 would play again.
This was the first game me and my brother played in the halo series. It came with the Xbox and forza horizon double pack. We knew of halo because my dad played it but didn't quite understand where we were coming into the story. Damn though if this isn't my favorite halo game. The darker atmosphere, the sense of dread, the music, and a interesting take on an semi-open world at the time. It all just fit right. Playing split screen around New Mombasa made it less lonely but I was with another ODST right by my side us two against the covenant trying to find out what happened to our squad and the linear missions were classic linear halo. Best of both worlds in that regard. That's not even talking about the insane amount of hours we put into fireflight. I know it's not the best to some people but to me this is what really got me into halo
ODST is one of my favorites. I like it's lead into 3, my favorite.
I'm gonna catch flak, but I prefer ODST over Reach.
Fantastic game! It's way too short but the characters are memorable, the story is fun, and the gameplay is good. It's my third favorite Halo game, with 3 as second, and Reach as first.
My personal fav Halo game, love the sexy jazz music and cool night vision—wish they’d do a sequel
Amazing
Love it, wish there was more like it.
Literally any of Bungie’s halo’s are perfect imo.

ODST and Reach are perfect examples how they tried something new and put all their effort into it. They easily could’ve just pumped out more games with Master chief and capitalized on that characters success but they kept trying to innovate with different stories modes and gameplay. 

343’s halo’s feel like they are trying to copy the magic the first 3 halo’s had. They aren’t trying to use the IP and characters to tell a story they are passionate about, but one the fans are passionate about and it kind of backfired. The studio was literally made to copy bungie and any piece of art trying to copy its predecessor will never be as good as a piece of art made with passion.
Favorite campaign
Havent played it yet for some fucking reason but hear its really good and i like the idea of being in ODST in a halo game
"What can I say? It was one hell of a night". Great game, love the atmosphere, and the change from shielded and regenerating super soldier to a puny human.
Loved that game, the soundtrack is great too.
Literally the best Halo in the franchise and a personal favorite.
The game is fanominal I love how they show how difficult fighting the covenant is for anyone other than Spartans, and the scenery and sound track is impeccable. plus the introduction of our boy buck and firefight, I mean come on 10/10
Absolute masterpiece. I would only add PvP but that aside 10/10 story, gameplay, level design, soundtrack, combat loop, voice acting.

Aged like a fine wine.
It's some of the best Halo content ever released. Each mission showing off a new aspect of the sandbox. Great story, introduction of firefight. Classic and iconic game.
Came for the LoFi Rain with Jazz, stayed for the Rookie.
Would love to see more of these one off style stories told within the halo universe. The halo universe is so rich that it can do a bunch of different genres. Imagine a video game adaptation of midnight in the heart of midlothian
While I did enjoy it and had a solid story and firefight was a lot of fun. but coming from halo 3 I was sorta let down because it was a bit different and Halo 3 is the GOAT so hard to live up to that tbh. I felt that it was more of an expansion not a whole other game to buy.
Love it. Love the atmosphere. Love the score. Wish we had gotten more missions or some DLC; something in the same vein.
amazing game, idk what more to say
A work of art
I fell in love with this game
ODST doesn't feel like any other Halo game, but it's still a really great game.  The story is great and introduces you to Buck!  Plus, if you're looking for a challenge, this is one of the hardest Halo games!  If you haven't played it before, I would definitely recommend playing it!
Firefight was pretty fun to play with friends
Worst halo ever made. Literally an empty city you walk around in and explore empty buildings to find dead people's helmets to fight their last fight.....  

65% of the game was literally spent doing nothing.
This is one that I've just never agreed with the masses on (though I suppose post-Halo 3 I haven't agreed with the "masses" on much), I really didn't like this game at all. I gave it a try a few times and just could never get into it. Only Halo FPS I never finished.
ODST is one of my favourite Halo games, loads of fun memories playing this game.
It’s GOATED
The successor to Republic Commando
Great with friends. Must be played on Legendary.
Favourite halo to date
Love it
the ODST and Reach days were my intro to halo, i have core memories of speed running ODST on legendary, breaking boundaries of the map, and sitting there listening to the music. it will always be my favorite,  and i’ll sing the praises of it until i’m dust
Best in the franchise.
Phenomenal, great addition to Halo 3 and great as its own game, considering it came with the multiplayer disc with all the DLC. Firefight was also a sick addition, even though it felt like every game was adding a "horde mode" at the time, using the skulls that modify campaign missions made it unique.
Love it. I hope they make a sequel.
Masterpiece.
Best soundtrack in the whole franchise.
My favorite OST of any game ever. ❤️❤️❤️
I bought it in a XB360 Slim bundle and was my first Halo game. I didn't know much about Halo back then, but when I found out that it isn't a main game I was disappointed. I went to buy Halo 1 to 3 (1 and 2 in a second hand shop where I even got my hands on a Steelbook Edition of H2) and played them. Then I went back to ODST and when I realized, that it was basically the aftermath of the events around the In Amber Clad, and what place it in the overall story had, it became one of my favourites.
In my opinion it is the best game, not because it really has any argument to be, but because it was a fun, immersive experience. I never felt so alive in a Halo game because I was never so vulnerable.

Also firefight was very fun, and I like what they added in MCC
In my opinion it is the best game, not because it really has any argument to be, but because it was a fun, immersive experience. I never felt so alive in a Halo game because I was never so vulnerable.

Also firefight was very fun, and I like what they added in MCC
Am I allowed to share a different opinion? 
I replayed it again recently and I think the reviews/ dislikes of this game on release are very valid. The gameplay loop and sandbox are some of the weakest in the franchise. The story was also incredibly “meh”, and the night vision mode ruined the art direction of the city.
I also believe people wanted a more hardcore & tactical experience fighting covenant as we weren’t a super soldier… but the odst could tank hits just like the chief lol. 

I love that it introduced firefight and had an amazing soundtrack though.
Why was this game so damn enjoyable, even till today, I felt at peak playing ODST.
One of the best atmospheric halo games I've ever played. Stuck with me this one did. Firefight was also almost flawless.
My first halo was halo 2 so I was super excited for the halo 3
Great game, one of the best soundtracks in gaming history.
Nope, none.
Great game
Best game ever
Oh Definitely Strange That 😂
Halo ODST is my number 1 favorite out of all the Halo games I played. I missed the first 2 and everything after 4, I like ODST more than Halo 3 and Reach, It's maybe due to personal taste and my experience with it as I like ODSTs more then Spartans, it being the only game I beat on legendary mode, me loving firefight, and etc... yeah that's my thoughts on it
**unpopular opinion incoming** 
I know Bungie approached him because of his love for Halo but I despise the Nathan Fillion self-inserts. I like Buck as a character and I couldn’t fathom another voice actor.. but I could stand to see less of the actual dude. Really kills the immersion knowing some rich dude was famous enough to plaster his face all over the lore
One of my favorite video game soundtracks and games of all time ❤️
Honestly I kinda hated it.
Good game
I didn’t really like halo 3 odst. I prefer normal halo 3
I had one helluva night playing it
One of the most underrated Halo games in the franchise I was hoping that release get two more but no luck so far
Good game, need another one
Rain
Goat
You can tell the game was produced and published in less than 2 years.  Bungie was trying something new both in story telling and gameplay.  And they hit it out of the park.  No large set pieces.  No grand large battles.  Just a group of jarheads trying to get a job done against incredible odds.

Being able to explore the city and see more of what happened during the opening days of covenant invasion.

Everything Bungie learned in making ODST was applied to Reach.  The environmental story telling was superb.

I wish we had another ODST game set in the three week period between the end of Halo 2 and the start of Halo 3.  I'd love a guerilla defense against the Covenant game.  We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
Fucking love it's aesthetic, moody jazz atmosphere and tone, my favorite game in the series by far! Feet first into hell!
My 2nd favorite halo and Halo soundtrack
1. Halo 3
2. halo 2
3. halo reach
4. combat evolved
5. odst
6. infinite
7. halo 4
8. halo 5
I love it so far! eels more challenging and I can't do my normal Strat of mindless shooting and punching, wish I had friends to play it with tho
Smash. Next question
Great way to do spin off games like how cod has MW, Black OPS And WW2 storylines
I tried it for the first time when it came out on PC and couldn't get into it. It seems fine. I can go back and play the other games no problem, but for some reason I didn't enjoy what I played of ODST.
One HELL of a.night
Really like it but I felt like the final mission was straight up too easy. I can’t really recall a point where I felt super hindered by going up against all these scary aliens just as a relatively normal guy. Except for when I got caught in the streets during an exploration section with almost no ammo. Wish that kind of thing happened more often
I still listen to the music I remember the running around with rain and melody going
Good game. Good music. Would recommend.
Very story rich when you find the pieces, the combat reminds ya you're not the chief, a special marine yes,but nothing that modifies your physical abilities with genetic engineering, and you are 6ft instead of 7ft tall 😂
Love it, third favorite halo game. A blast to go back and play on legendary
Love iy
These bot posts are getting so tiring
One of the best
Was the first Halo game I was able to play it at launch with everyone else, I missed the halo 3 launch. Played Halo 1, 2, and Custom Edition with the modded maps and lobbies before Forge existed. 
Loved the storytelling and the characters, especially the view from another faction within the UNSC other than being the badass 117 Spartan. 
The grittiness for the dark areas of the map when exploring the game for the first time, exploring with your friends and finding Easter eggs or getting obliterated by a random covenant squad. And I felt like such a nerd but I went and bought the soundtrack for the game on ITunes when the OST released because it was that much of a GOATed OST.
Once I get my hands on an Xbox again, I’m going through the entire franchise again
I cried
It's an absolute masterpiece of a game, best of the Bungie era in terms of the single player storywriting/storytelling. Love the film noir styling and the flashback scenes. It was the first Halo game I ever played, and the reason I got hooked. The soundtrack is also some of Martin O'Donnell's best work.
Full of kids. 9/10.
*smooth jazz*
This game was special for me for one reason, midnight release. This was my first midnight release that my dad took me to. It was at the mall we had in our town, and the “EB Games” store is not longer there and the mall is pretty dead now but…. I stayed up all night and skipped school the very next day with my dad. We played all the way until like six in the morning and then got McDonald’s breakfast and took a nap until we woke and kept playing.

I thought the story was actually pretty decent and thought the gameplay was solid as well.
My friends and I played every campaign on MCC because I have never played them. ODST was fun to mess around in as we did as much dumb shit as we could.
best game.
Best halo game hands down.
Pretty fun. Just needed some polishing
The GOAT baby the GOAT
One of my favorites
Not the best Halo but definitely a welcomed addition to the series. A good change from the original formula with a great atmosphere/vibe. Wish they made more "outside-the-box" games within the Halo universe.
One of my favorite games in the series. It really scratched that “Earth City” itch I had ever since Halo 2 marketed that concept so heavily, but only gave us 2 missions off.
Honestly, it is the most underrated Halo game easily.

It perfectly balances the noir detective, smooth jazz style with the Halo universe while also keeping the beloved Halo action packed missions. The mission in that safari park around New Mombasa is so much fun.

Also the whole story is amazing as well. Plus, the shock and awe of watching the space elevator collapse was stunning.
My favorite halo game. I am in love with ODST armor and the concept
Love it!
Very good gameplay (especially due to the lack of a BR/DMR), but suffers a lot due to failing completely at achieving the feeling it was going for, and ultimately ends up very poorly lit, forcing you to use VISR, which makes everything very ugly.
👍
God Tier.
I loved it, it made the covenant seem scary again. Like a reminder that chief is awesome and must people die
Outstanding.
My favorite game of all time. But I gotta ask, do you like jazz?
Wasn’t bad but i couldn’t get into it so Iv never finished it
my first halo game and i loved it. at the time it was over hated, in fact i was told not to buy it by many close friends, i did by accident thinking it was halo 3.
Beautiful game with a beautiful soundtrack, what more could you ask for🔥
I miss bungie before they got money hungry :(
It needs a sequel that uses Infinite’s open world design.
Perfection
Good
Very refreshing take, and I loved every second of it. Prove you don't need Chief to make great Halo game.
Its still a 10/10 in my book
Perfect.
One of the G.O.A.T. when it comes to halo games.
Only problem is there's no pvp
It was a nice change of pace in the Halo series and the soundtrack is seriously incredible. It’s a lot more somber, but it makes sense for the mood of the game.
Based
The score was just 🤌
Golden, so much replayability, but the damn audio log fetch quest needs to be made better.
Probably the best written story of any halo game. I literally can't think of any major flaws in it, and believe me I can with virtually every other bungie halo.
The fuckin GOAT
10/10 Best game!
Its easily my personal favorite halo game. I know it isnt objectivly the best, but it just stuck with me. The silent protagonist, the lonely rainy atmosphere, and the music. It all stuck with me in a way few games have. I guess I feel like in a metaphorical way I relate to ODST more than the other games. I feel lost and alone in life. It feels like im not in control of my life and im just wandering along with it, always scared and uncertain but still trying to push on. I still listen to the soundtrack almost daily, and it helps to calm me down when im feeling confused or frustrated. 

I guess TLDR: ODST was relatable in its themes, and it left a very personal impact on me. The soundtrack alone helped me through tough times.
My thoughts? It's the only game in the series that made me nauseous while playing it. Still don't know why it did. Changing fov when I got it in MCC has made it more playable since, but something in how the original was set up just made it almost unplayable for me.
Favorite Halo. Also has a place in my heart as one of my favorite games.
Play the game, it’s great
It’s a splash of perfection
Great gameplay, loved the streets map and exploring the city trying to figure out what happened to your team. The soundtrack was top notch too
It’s a helluva night
FUCKING ELITE
Don't even get me started
It’s epic 333 should try and do more of it
It's raaaaaaad. I liked it.
H3, h3 odst, and reach are my top tier favorites
one of, if not the best score ever made for a video game.

the music in ODST is absolutely legendary. The dark tones are burned into my brain to this day.  
and it perfectly fit the mood/feel of the campaign throughout.
Was the best Halo campaign paired with the best soundtrack, goated imo
After Reach, it's my 2nd favorite
I don’t care what people think this game was goated and nothing will ever change my mind. 

Absolutely stunning game with a great sound track. Very good story and you truly felt submerged in it. 

Here’s the part that might get people. I truly believe this game is better than Reach. 

I got my recon armour after completing all the FF ODST achievements and Halo 3 achievements. It was one of the best gaming moments of my life.
Enjoyable game. I wish the campaign focused even more on stealth and made you truly feel how hard it was to be a regular human in the war. Instead, you were still relatively tough compared to Spartans.

Although this made sense in Firefight. Would have been cool if the ODST soldiers took some sort of amp for the Firefight like portions of the campaign so there will be a lore reason as to why they aren't going down as quickly as they would in the books if shot with directly with covenant weapons.

Game has an amazing soundtrack.
jesus are we back in 2009
If you ever fall for a woman, make sure she's got balls.
They dont make games like they used to man
The slow jazz instruments, the night missions, the film noir vibe.  Everything was awesome.  This game is one that is fun to play late at night when the house is quiet.  Extreme nostalgia.
The first one I personally owned and the reason I got an Xbox 360.

Legendary game to me personally.
The best HALO, full stop
Anything before 343 was great I’ll even give them halo 5 warzone. I made way to many memories in warzone with all the great randomness get me an smg with the knife attachment the perk where I can walk and don’t show on sensors and a speed boost or 2 and I can single handed take almost any base in warzone
a work of art
Best Halo game #sorrynotsorry
Stealth is optional. Jazz is mandatory.
Favorite halo game imo
underappreciated and goated. i actually think most of the old Halo games dont get a whole lot of attention anymore despite being some of the best shooters ever.
ODST better than spartan. let's get a core in infinite.
My favorite in the series
Annoyed that people think the OST is Jazz.

On the real, it needs a damn sequel!!
Made me think there could be Games where you and a large group of players could be Marines, making Campy or Badass quips as you slay blue Elites, Brutes, and start fuming when a grunt mows your health with a needleer.
Large vehicle missions, and Getting more "creative" with your low tec buddies. Mechs, improvised Covie tec, large scale space battles, with fighters and boarding parties.
UNSC vs. Jacked up Rebels
Mild fighting game mechanics when melee or energy swords come to play. (I'm thinking of taking an AR forcing the sword to pierce the gun, twist the gun, forcing a disarm or putting the enemy off balance, then close combat starts)
Spartans or ODSTs with stealth game mechanics, paired with players with UNSC assault classes of their choice, with personal pregame credit accounts that effect consumable gear, (explosive rounds, non-issue tec and weapons,) or using defense budget for Issue goodies to play after things go south, or making stealthy Boi's day.
 
Requistitioning armour sets, Using expendable armor, attachments, and loot for multiple missions. All effecting a budget for your tour of duty.
Getting significant exp boosts for using UNSC classes that don't have personal shielding, and using a pack with as much as you want of tools, meds, Armour Repair tools, or fancy tec like portable bubble shields for your taunting pocket Shotgun strat.
Marking covenant weapons, vehicles, or other loot for credit boosts.

Players starting with supply and defense budget for defenses, ordering marines or bots, and getting what you want air dropped, scorpions, vehicles, Heavy Ammo boxes, special weapons. And every round, all covenant tec is sold, while marked weapons or tec go into a designated box for later use.

Edit: Dead Soldier backpacks could've been looted to utilize fresher Armor, a Med Core, traveling Doctors, Medics, could've been used rather than time cleaned bloody goggles like COD.

So much potential, but after player backlash, it's only Mjnolir shields go brrr outside the books.
People puff up their chests as say: "ODSTs Suck, give me Master Chief" 
Xbox friendly A.I. are laughable, and fans beat their war drums when Halo Steals COD's spin on personal shielding.
Scattered Armour pieces with health for each part, (also sensible armor variants for different annoyances), a usable pack, UNSC Corpses and dead civie Medics with packable healing items, Trama mode (giving a short time to heal or patch up lethal hits to chest and limbs) a smooth cover system and the ability to lug covie corpses as meat shields, along with the occasional advanced tec such as a floating hologram projector, complete with medium/long distance invisibility, throwing voices to divert covies, and a taunting a believable decoy as the bot cloaks itself. Program it to make marines, cops, or ODSTs. The decoy will keep distracting until it is clear that the Decoy has to play dead, which is when a brute, or hunter approach. The decoy will backpedal until contact is inevitable, shoot itself in the head or collapse from heavy fire while about to be touched (always with a character quip, insult, or panic to be convincing) Power Cores in your pack, or the "Angel" skull could be used to manage it's use.

I seriously believe at least some if not all of these mechanics would've saved alternative Halo games instead of Call of Halo.
I'm thinking of Elite and Brute sister games telling the story of player Elites and Brutes and their decisions to stay in the quest for the Great Journey and the fierce defence of High Charity, fighting 3 factions (Humans, then Flood, Banished, and Swords of Sanghelios), or their stories and endings after joining splinter Factions.
See how successful Metal Gear is? How hard is it to make a Halo Stealth Game? Or Horror Survival on Covenant planets or Alpha Halo after the Flood is released?
Even a Guerilla Warfare simulator on Alpha Halo, The Arbiter's Campaign against humans with his desire to face his enemy personally, or any fallen planet human planet, with a final blaze of Glory on Reach could've been fun.
My favorite halo game next to reach
Best Halo game fr
Fantastic
Toughest gaming challenge I ever did was beating this game in black and white. (My tv was broken)
My favorite experience in the halo world..introduction to firefight, fuckin awesome
I was/am a HUGE Firefly fan. Hearing the gang while I played was f'ing hilarious. Some of the random dialog you got from them made both the multiplayer and campaign extremely worthwhile.
Love the soundtracks
Pretty low effort post ngl
“Why does this man, wearing an expensive night vision capable helmet, with a full sensor array, as a combat soldier launched out of a toob from space in the distant future, continue to use a $5 flashlight he picked up off the ground?”

That’s the question that I ask each time I play ODST. It makes my friends laugh but that’s the only honest complaint I have against it. I can’t see shit.
A masterpiece, of which I haven't seen a modern halo game even compare to it
It was an excellent iteration on Halo’s combat and narrative universe. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
343 did Rookie dirty.
Loved the “open world” map while playing as Rookie
Freaking amazing
My favorite Halo game, with the absolute best soundtrack and atmosphere in the series. The voice cast was phenomenal and the firefight is my favorite in the series. Absolute perfection. The superintendent jingle was my ringtone for years.
This game was my childhood I remember being as young as 7 and playing my uncle's Xbox 360 games that my mom wouldn't let me play and I would play Gears of War, Cod black ops, and Cod MW2 but I remember playing this game the most out of any other which is Halo 3 Odst and It was that made my childhood so great and less lonely of what I remembered I realized on how much fun I've had and the music impacts me like a switch that activates a decade back where I was in the apartment bedroom having fun at a game I shouldn't be playing.
Need a remaster
Hell yeah feel the same
Ah yes. lol Makes me think of Halo 2’s Outskirts level. Always going up to the skull, and then grenade jumping to the top of the map and then running around lol

We used to play co-op, kill each other until there was a pile of grenades and then launch a warthog with us in it. Good time, such nostalgia
[deleted]
    not "new maps" but all the dlc maps lol, it's how i was able to get the skulls on ODST so easily
> Also not exactly a bad thing but is the easiest legendary out of all the games.

Whenever there was a game pass quest or achievement for beating a LASO level, I'd always turn to Uplift Reserve. Hijack a ghost and it's a 5 minute run.
The rainy night with the music in the background while exploring the city
    Perfect if you can play in a dark room with good sound system
        Playing with my hue lights in the living room and the home theater sound system is unmatched. Can't get the same level of immersion on any other game
            I am legit jealous. I got goosebumps just from reading this
            I’ve always wondered what ODST and Reach campaigns felt like with hue lights
The comments on the ODST track ‘Rain’ YouTube clip are great. So many people sharing memories. Banger of a track with an instant nostalgia factor. Reminds me of some of Joe Hisaishis best work on Spirited Away etc.
    If you play the mobile game mindustry there is a mod which switches out the ost of the game to the odst sound track
Most beautiful soundtrack of all the Halo games.
High quality rain already scores much for atmosphere.
>Either based on odst lore and what happened to the team after the game.

The Rookie died and they all became SPARTAN-IVs. I kind of wish they just stayed ODSTs. I hate how everyone and their mothers became SPARTANs in 343 lore.
    Yeah really does trivialise it a bit
        “When everyone is super, no one will be.” The Incredibles
            That quote really does sum up why I don't like the Spartan-IVs.
                From a practical standpoint I totally get why the UNSC would strive for Spartan IVs though. Backs up against a wall against a far superior foe necessitated pulling out all stops to save the species.
                    They make sense in terms of technological progression, I just don't like them narratively because it cheapens what being a Spartan is. Becoming a Spartan should entail some kind of personal sacrifice. The Spartan-IIIs were the perfect middle ground between the IIs and the IVs, IMO. Barring the lack of Mjolnir and the special neurological augmentations the Gammas got, of course.
                        They make sense in a storytelling progression too given how dire humanity’s situation was. To not go down the S4 path would mean the UNSC was confident they could turn the tide of the war without them which is ludicrous as the war would’ve definitely been lost had it not been for the Great Schism.
                Yep.
        "You get power armor! And you get power armor! EVERYONE GETS POWER ARMOR!"
            https://media.tenor.com/FgzdT5avAisAAAAM/bees-bee.gif
    “Why need regular soldiers when make all super soldiers?” -343 or something. Realistically though, if it was cheap enough any military would do that.
    And then mickey betrayed them, right? Or maybe it was Romeo? I think Dutch retired after, right? Idk, one betrayed, I forgot what happened to the other, and one retired at the funeral (I still think Dutch)
        That all happened (it was Mickey who defected), but they later reunited in 2558 (including Mickey).
            Cool!
        I actually really liked that book, it was really well written. But it again is a huge disservice to fans by eliminating characters outside if their games.
            Hey, maybe if we get a sequel we’ll be able to play through those events.
                We wouldn't be fighting covenant, though, and as far as action is concerned, there isn't a lot of it. I'd just prefer a new set of ODSTs earlier in the war.
                    Heheheh, yeah we could play as those suicidal ODST’s in the beginning of the package. Seriously, they all died almost instantly when i played, maybe its different for somebody else, but really, they’re basically suicidal, just like regular marines
    Well Rookie died because of Mickey.

I can’t remember what happened to him, but he sided with the Insurrectionists and that’s why Rookie was killed.

So I’m pretty sure Mickey didn’t become a Spartan-IV
Let us play through the story of the New Blood and Bad Blood halo novels. That would be awesome.
Honestly 343 needs to go BACK to the covenant war and tell stories from that era. They could even go before reach. The story they made in infinite is just too weird and convoluted.
    I agree. The Human-Covemant War is simply fascinating. 343 Industries have never been able to replace that conflict with anything near as interesting. The Covenant have aeons of history and a complex dynamic between its client races.

I'd kill for another game set before Halo: CE. I don't understand why 343 are so averse to it.
        Halo 4 wasn’t awful but the story was significantly less interesting, Halo 5 was a total mess of a story that was very dull and I think that’s where things fell apart. The Banished gave me a lot of hope that the story could be salvaged if they focused on them rather than all the didact bs but I found them too cartoonish as a faction in infinite to be interesting
    Hear me out but a Covenant war game that includes a series short one or two mission story arcs some opportunities are: 

- Mission as a marine in the Harvest campaign

- Mission as Jacob Keyes

- A pair of prequel missions as Nobel 6

- Reach mission as the Field Marshall that hunted Nobel Team that highlights their dogmatic commitment to the Great Journey

- Reach mission as an elite in New Alexandria that highlights the intense battle for the planet and the elite’s respect for humanity

- Halo CE mission as an elite in the 343 Guilty Spark facility as the flood is unleashed.

- Halo CE mission as Sergeant Johnson entering and escaping the 343 Guilty Spark facility 

- Halo 2 mission as Sergeant Johnson entering the library 

- Halo 2 mission as the flood storming In Amber Clad and High Charity. Maybe you play as Gravemind controlling a flood form. Every time your form dies, maybe you just take over another form with no progress lost. Signifying the unstoppability of the Flood.
    Eh, they can fuck right off. Someone else who is good at making games should do it. Respawn Entertainment, maybe.
It really really does. Why halo doesn't have a side line of games where you play as ODST or marines I have no idea. 

I love playing a Spartan but they are basically killing machines. There is something about playing a hopeless marine ODST well against the odds that makes it special and more meaningful for me.
    I liked feeling like I couldn't just brute force everything and actually had to use a bit of stealth
    I think the point you make really applies to all the great halo games: that feeling of desperation and hope against hopeless odds is what made games like halo 3 and ODST so special. Halo 3s ad campaign pre-release really played on this concept with their “Believe” ad and man did it hit hard.
I hate to say it but even if it does get one, it's never ever going to capture the feel of the Bungie version from that point in time. There was a magic in the air around the time that game came out where Bungie could do no wrong. They had all the ingredients and they kept pumping out bangers. It'll never happen again. Too much has changed.
    For sure. They had the right people with the right vision to make fun, beautiful games with amazing atmospheres, style, and music. New Mombasa at night, with the style and the lights, with the music, the tone… I have seen nothing to indicate 343 would ever be able to pull off something like that
Agreed, and the levels are typically shorter and they are all fairly different from each other. A "Greatest Hits" is a great analogy. 

Pop in, try a bunch of different flavors all packed into one game.
To be honest I have a hard time choosing between this or reach
    I have to go with Reach because of two things: armor abilities and customization. I definitely preferred how Reach approached the extra abilities system over the previous titles of one and done go find another one. Then the armor customization just speaks for itself lol
Ignoring the whole series… I enjoy it the exact same
Agreed, never understood why this game is so praised from a story perspective. The writing is pretty bad and the dialogue is a little cringy at times, sorta written like a kids show. Love the soundtrack and the atmosphere, but the story falls flat.
It’s the best one
Most of them are from teenagers who just blow thru the game and go back to playing War zone or Fortnite lol
The game isn't meant to be Elden Ring. It is still a game afterall. You can take a certain amount of damage or as a game, it isn't fun to play. Obviously the main line games are more fun and epic, but it still was a great addition being able to play as an ODST.  


They had to balance it somehow so you weren't just a pawn being one shot every 2 seconds.
    My issue is that they did not balance it for not being a spartan at all, it plays just like the rest of the games.

Getting killed in 2 seconds if you are out of position is not a bad thing, it would be a far more interesting game than what we got imo.
        To be fair I do understand what you’re saying. I think shield regen is just a fun gameplay loop in most games. No one wants to search for health but in ce you had to so they could have added that.

Regarding dying, I do feel it was harder to play, but that’s what the difficulty is for. I always felt on heroic that the game was challenging. I’d agree with you if there was only one difficulty but if you play on east, you can’t complain you take 4 plasma bullets. Difficulty does weight the damage taken. So if you want a more realistic feel you have to up the difficulty. Not saying you played on easy but your opinion on it would be different if you played on legendary. Not enough ammo, not enough grenades. The game can be brutal.
You speak like you haven't done it on laso
    It's not the hardest Halo game LASO or not, every game is harder to complete LASO what's your point?
        >The missions/mood and music are all great but you are still just playing a spartan, no need to approach anything differently just run up and punch the brute to death.

> Still have recharing shields, can still rip turrets of the mount and run around with them,, can take a ton of plasma rounds and be fine etc etc.


None of this is true on laso
            ODST LASO is the same as LASO across the rest of the series - that's my point it's just another halo game as a Spartan.
                Yeah except it's not for all the reasons you stated originally
Didn’t it have Firefight at launch or am I mistaken?
    it does but I mean a pvp mode.
Why is my text ENLARGED
not "new maps" but all the dlc maps lol, it's how i was able to get the skulls on ODST so easily
Perfect if you can play in a dark room with good sound system
    Playing with my hue lights in the living room and the home theater sound system is unmatched. Can't get the same level of immersion on any other game
        I am legit jealous. I got goosebumps just from reading this
        I’ve always wondered what ODST and Reach campaigns felt like with hue lights
If you play the mobile game mindustry there is a mod which switches out the ost of the game to the odst sound track
Yeah really does trivialise it a bit
    “When everyone is super, no one will be.” The Incredibles
        That quote really does sum up why I don't like the Spartan-IVs.
            From a practical standpoint I totally get why the UNSC would strive for Spartan IVs though. Backs up against a wall against a far superior foe necessitated pulling out all stops to save the species.
                They make sense in terms of technological progression, I just don't like them narratively because it cheapens what being a Spartan is. Becoming a Spartan should entail some kind of personal sacrifice. The Spartan-IIIs were the perfect middle ground between the IIs and the IVs, IMO. Barring the lack of Mjolnir and the special neurological augmentations the Gammas got, of course.
                    They make sense in a storytelling progression too given how dire humanity’s situation was. To not go down the S4 path would mean the UNSC was confident they could turn the tide of the war without them which is ludicrous as the war would’ve definitely been lost had it not been for the Great Schism.
            Yep.
    "You get power armor! And you get power armor! EVERYONE GETS POWER ARMOR!"
        https://media.tenor.com/FgzdT5avAisAAAAM/bees-bee.gif
“Why need regular soldiers when make all super soldiers?” -343 or something. Realistically though, if it was cheap enough any military would do that.
And then mickey betrayed them, right? Or maybe it was Romeo? I think Dutch retired after, right? Idk, one betrayed, I forgot what happened to the other, and one retired at the funeral (I still think Dutch)
    That all happened (it was Mickey who defected), but they later reunited in 2558 (including Mickey).
        Cool!
    I actually really liked that book, it was really well written. But it again is a huge disservice to fans by eliminating characters outside if their games.
        Hey, maybe if we get a sequel we’ll be able to play through those events.
            We wouldn't be fighting covenant, though, and as far as action is concerned, there isn't a lot of it. I'd just prefer a new set of ODSTs earlier in the war.
                Heheheh, yeah we could play as those suicidal ODST’s in the beginning of the package. Seriously, they all died almost instantly when i played, maybe its different for somebody else, but really, they’re basically suicidal, just like regular marines
Well Rookie died because of Mickey.

I can’t remember what happened to him, but he sided with the Insurrectionists and that’s why Rookie was killed.

So I’m pretty sure Mickey didn’t become a Spartan-IV
I agree. The Human-Covemant War is simply fascinating. 343 Industries have never been able to replace that conflict with anything near as interesting. The Covenant have aeons of history and a complex dynamic between its client races.

I'd kill for another game set before Halo: CE. I don't understand why 343 are so averse to it.
    Halo 4 wasn’t awful but the story was significantly less interesting, Halo 5 was a total mess of a story that was very dull and I think that’s where things fell apart. The Banished gave me a lot of hope that the story could be salvaged if they focused on them rather than all the didact bs but I found them too cartoonish as a faction in infinite to be interesting
Hear me out but a Covenant war game that includes a series short one or two mission story arcs some opportunities are: 

- Mission as a marine in the Harvest campaign

- Mission as Jacob Keyes

- A pair of prequel missions as Nobel 6

- Reach mission as the Field Marshall that hunted Nobel Team that highlights their dogmatic commitment to the Great Journey

- Reach mission as an elite in New Alexandria that highlights the intense battle for the planet and the elite’s respect for humanity

- Halo CE mission as an elite in the 343 Guilty Spark facility as the flood is unleashed.

- Halo CE mission as Sergeant Johnson entering and escaping the 343 Guilty Spark facility 

- Halo 2 mission as Sergeant Johnson entering the library 

- Halo 2 mission as the flood storming In Amber Clad and High Charity. Maybe you play as Gravemind controlling a flood form. Every time your form dies, maybe you just take over another form with no progress lost. Signifying the unstoppability of the Flood.
Eh, they can fuck right off. Someone else who is good at making games should do it. Respawn Entertainment, maybe.
I liked feeling like I couldn't just brute force everything and actually had to use a bit of stealth
I think the point you make really applies to all the great halo games: that feeling of desperation and hope against hopeless odds is what made games like halo 3 and ODST so special. Halo 3s ad campaign pre-release really played on this concept with their “Believe” ad and man did it hit hard.
For sure. They had the right people with the right vision to make fun, beautiful games with amazing atmospheres, style, and music. New Mombasa at night, with the style and the lights, with the music, the tone… I have seen nothing to indicate 343 would ever be able to pull off something like that
I have to go with Reach because of two things: armor abilities and customization. I definitely preferred how Reach approached the extra abilities system over the previous titles of one and done go find another one. Then the armor customization just speaks for itself lol
My issue is that they did not balance it for not being a spartan at all, it plays just like the rest of the games.

Getting killed in 2 seconds if you are out of position is not a bad thing, it would be a far more interesting game than what we got imo.
    To be fair I do understand what you’re saying. I think shield regen is just a fun gameplay loop in most games. No one wants to search for health but in ce you had to so they could have added that.

Regarding dying, I do feel it was harder to play, but that’s what the difficulty is for. I always felt on heroic that the game was challenging. I’d agree with you if there was only one difficulty but if you play on east, you can’t complain you take 4 plasma bullets. Difficulty does weight the damage taken. So if you want a more realistic feel you have to up the difficulty. Not saying you played on easy but your opinion on it would be different if you played on legendary. Not enough ammo, not enough grenades. The game can be brutal.
It's not the hardest Halo game LASO or not, every game is harder to complete LASO what's your point?
    >The missions/mood and music are all great but you are still just playing a spartan, no need to approach anything differently just run up and punch the brute to death.

> Still have recharing shields, can still rip turrets of the mount and run around with them,, can take a ton of plasma rounds and be fine etc etc.


None of this is true on laso
        ODST LASO is the same as LASO across the rest of the series - that's my point it's just another halo game as a Spartan.
            Yeah except it's not for all the reasons you stated originally
it does but I mean a pvp mode.
Playing with my hue lights in the living room and the home theater sound system is unmatched. Can't get the same level of immersion on any other game
    I am legit jealous. I got goosebumps just from reading this
    I’ve always wondered what ODST and Reach campaigns felt like with hue lights
“When everyone is super, no one will be.” The Incredibles
    That quote really does sum up why I don't like the Spartan-IVs.
        From a practical standpoint I totally get why the UNSC would strive for Spartan IVs though. Backs up against a wall against a far superior foe necessitated pulling out all stops to save the species.
            They make sense in terms of technological progression, I just don't like them narratively because it cheapens what being a Spartan is. Becoming a Spartan should entail some kind of personal sacrifice. The Spartan-IIIs were the perfect middle ground between the IIs and the IVs, IMO. Barring the lack of Mjolnir and the special neurological augmentations the Gammas got, of course.
                They make sense in a storytelling progression too given how dire humanity’s situation was. To not go down the S4 path would mean the UNSC was confident they could turn the tide of the war without them which is ludicrous as the war would’ve definitely been lost had it not been for the Great Schism.
        Yep.
"You get power armor! And you get power armor! EVERYONE GETS POWER ARMOR!"
    https://media.tenor.com/FgzdT5avAisAAAAM/bees-bee.gif
That all happened (it was Mickey who defected), but they later reunited in 2558 (including Mickey).
    Cool!
I actually really liked that book, it was really well written. But it again is a huge disservice to fans by eliminating characters outside if their games.
    Hey, maybe if we get a sequel we’ll be able to play through those events.
        We wouldn't be fighting covenant, though, and as far as action is concerned, there isn't a lot of it. I'd just prefer a new set of ODSTs earlier in the war.
            Heheheh, yeah we could play as those suicidal ODST’s in the beginning of the package. Seriously, they all died almost instantly when i played, maybe its different for somebody else, but really, they’re basically suicidal, just like regular marines
Halo 4 wasn’t awful but the story was significantly less interesting, Halo 5 was a total mess of a story that was very dull and I think that’s where things fell apart. The Banished gave me a lot of hope that the story could be salvaged if they focused on them rather than all the didact bs but I found them too cartoonish as a faction in infinite to be interesting
To be fair I do understand what you’re saying. I think shield regen is just a fun gameplay loop in most games. No one wants to search for health but in ce you had to so they could have added that.

Regarding dying, I do feel it was harder to play, but that’s what the difficulty is for. I always felt on heroic that the game was challenging. I’d agree with you if there was only one difficulty but if you play on east, you can’t complain you take 4 plasma bullets. Difficulty does weight the damage taken. So if you want a more realistic feel you have to up the difficulty. Not saying you played on easy but your opinion on it would be different if you played on legendary. Not enough ammo, not enough grenades. The game can be brutal.
>The missions/mood and music are all great but you are still just playing a spartan, no need to approach anything differently just run up and punch the brute to death.

> Still have recharing shields, can still rip turrets of the mount and run around with them,, can take a ton of plasma rounds and be fine etc etc.


None of this is true on laso
    ODST LASO is the same as LASO across the rest of the series - that's my point it's just another halo game as a Spartan.
        Yeah except it's not for all the reasons you stated originally
I am legit jealous. I got goosebumps just from reading this
I’ve always wondered what ODST and Reach campaigns felt like with hue lights
That quote really does sum up why I don't like the Spartan-IVs.
    From a practical standpoint I totally get why the UNSC would strive for Spartan IVs though. Backs up against a wall against a far superior foe necessitated pulling out all stops to save the species.
        They make sense in terms of technological progression, I just don't like them narratively because it cheapens what being a Spartan is. Becoming a Spartan should entail some kind of personal sacrifice. The Spartan-IIIs were the perfect middle ground between the IIs and the IVs, IMO. Barring the lack of Mjolnir and the special neurological augmentations the Gammas got, of course.
            They make sense in a storytelling progression too given how dire humanity’s situation was. To not go down the S4 path would mean the UNSC was confident they could turn the tide of the war without them which is ludicrous as the war would’ve definitely been lost had it not been for the Great Schism.
    Yep.
https://media.tenor.com/FgzdT5avAisAAAAM/bees-bee.gif
Cool!
Hey, maybe if we get a sequel we’ll be able to play through those events.
    We wouldn't be fighting covenant, though, and as far as action is concerned, there isn't a lot of it. I'd just prefer a new set of ODSTs earlier in the war.
        Heheheh, yeah we could play as those suicidal ODST’s in the beginning of the package. Seriously, they all died almost instantly when i played, maybe its different for somebody else, but really, they’re basically suicidal, just like regular marines
ODST LASO is the same as LASO across the rest of the series - that's my point it's just another halo game as a Spartan.
    Yeah except it's not for all the reasons you stated originally
From a practical standpoint I totally get why the UNSC would strive for Spartan IVs though. Backs up against a wall against a far superior foe necessitated pulling out all stops to save the species.
    They make sense in terms of technological progression, I just don't like them narratively because it cheapens what being a Spartan is. Becoming a Spartan should entail some kind of personal sacrifice. The Spartan-IIIs were the perfect middle ground between the IIs and the IVs, IMO. Barring the lack of Mjolnir and the special neurological augmentations the Gammas got, of course.
        They make sense in a storytelling progression too given how dire humanity’s situation was. To not go down the S4 path would mean the UNSC was confident they could turn the tide of the war without them which is ludicrous as the war would’ve definitely been lost had it not been for the Great Schism.
Yep.
We wouldn't be fighting covenant, though, and as far as action is concerned, there isn't a lot of it. I'd just prefer a new set of ODSTs earlier in the war.
    Heheheh, yeah we could play as those suicidal ODST’s in the beginning of the package. Seriously, they all died almost instantly when i played, maybe its different for somebody else, but really, they’re basically suicidal, just like regular marines
Yeah except it's not for all the reasons you stated originally
They make sense in terms of technological progression, I just don't like them narratively because it cheapens what being a Spartan is. Becoming a Spartan should entail some kind of personal sacrifice. The Spartan-IIIs were the perfect middle ground between the IIs and the IVs, IMO. Barring the lack of Mjolnir and the special neurological augmentations the Gammas got, of course.
    They make sense in a storytelling progression too given how dire humanity’s situation was. To not go down the S4 path would mean the UNSC was confident they could turn the tide of the war without them which is ludicrous as the war would’ve definitely been lost had it not been for the Great Schism.
Heheheh, yeah we could play as those suicidal ODST’s in the beginning of the package. Seriously, they all died almost instantly when i played, maybe its different for somebody else, but really, they’re basically suicidal, just like regular marines
They make sense in a storytelling progression too given how dire humanity’s situation was. To not go down the S4 path would mean the UNSC was confident they could turn the tide of the war without them which is ludicrous as the war would’ve definitely been lost had it not been for the Great Schism.
