[[My biggest problem with 5 star weapons is not the weapons banner]]





Yae's catalyst (Kagura's Verity) is actually the one belonging in the "archon set" of Inazuma, not Kokomi's (Everlasting Moonglow)
    This is what bothered me from the picture.
    Yup exactly, I was confused when I saw this
    Came here to say this hahah
    Truely, i tend to regard the moonlow as liyue's weapon by seeing the texture of the moonlow.
        I just treat moonglow as inazuma adjacent since the design might be more related to Enkanomiya
    i fkn hate how kokomi’s one looks nothing like hers when its literally made for her

and the free event weapon that is made out of god damn sea shells scales on atk and doesnt work with her
    When you dont do your homework
    [deleted]
        They have different codename. Kagura belongs to the Narukami set. Donut's codename is Kaleido
        Moonglow definitely does not fit the set. It doesn’t even follow the same design philosophy
        But it's pretty. Just like Kokomi.
        Yeah it's basically a Homer Simpson donut but a bit more decorated
        They both match the color, sure, but the moonglow definitely has a different design.
    Isn't everlasting part of the set instead of kaguya's? Like it was released right after the other 3 meanwhile kaguya's came 4 patches later
        Lmfao no, why would that even matter ?

Kagura literally has the same design elements as EL/Mist/TP... And the early designs of Kagura/Mist/TP were all tagged as part [Narukami series](https://preview.redd.it/wwb8nkanxqg61.jpg?width=4096&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=331d7e48cd34936f59fac9285aca09775f4fc45a) all the way back in 1.0.
        But I will say they both easily look like they could be apart of the set
Most likely Yelan's design was made to match Aqua not the other way around. Aqua was datamined almost 2 years ago with the name "Qilin Horn" which indicated that it was supposed to be Ganyu's motif bow but since Amos was very synergistic with her kit despite being a mondstadt weapon, they put Qilin Horn in the basement (like many other weapons) then took it out, repurposed and renamed it as Aqua as yelan's signature weapon.
    Still waiting on elegy catalyst, hypostasis catalyst, Liyue Rock bow, other half of the jade series (jade ball is finally getting added), that one lantern catalyst, moonfall bow and liyue leaf theme sword
        Yeah the matcha donut is also getting dragged out of the basement, only the claymore and bow are left. Hopefully the Archon-slaying polearm will also see the light of day and be the signature weapon of one of the future playable harbinger.
            I also hope that they bring out Keqing's splash art sword, but Lion's roar is already used for her so the chances of bringing it out are getting slim.
                Isnt is the sword from the royal series ?
                    What?  [No, it is far from it](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.redd.it%2Fzfe0eirhrkb71.png&tbnid=fHLsBWLRL6zcCM&vet=1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FGenshin_Impact_Leaks%2Fcomments%2Folgn1k%2Fkeqings_weapon_starseeker_is_free_for_21%2F&docid=g62-plASJHFIaM&w=512&h=256&itg=1&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim)
        ttds is good enough support weapon imo, polearms are the ones that need a millennial movement representative
            Would love a five star equivalent without the dead HP secondary stat.
                There are a pretty good chunk of characters where the HP stat isn't dead tbh
        I'll be perfectly happy with no new weapons in those series and also no new series of 5-star weapons at all, every new weapon being a visual match to some charcter.  

Which is also the point of the OP.
        according to leaks, Jade series is getting a new weapon, funnily enough it's inferior or equivalent to prototype amber on character it's meant for
            What part of "jade ball getting added" yall don't unserstand😭😭😭
                i didn't roll reading comprehension on the gacha
                    I did roll for reading comprehension but all I got was DEF.
                        everything rolls as def

except when you want def. that's where the EM comes in
                            what if i want EM
                                Flat hp take it or leave it
                    Bruh
            Kokomi doughnut flashbacks
    In an ironic twist of fate, Aqua became Ganyu's best universal weapon until Hunter's Path came out.
        Ganyu to bows like xiangling to spears lol
            Rust
                Exception
        It's still her best bow if you're just playing Freeze or want 1 bow that performs really well in both
            Hence "best *universal* weapon until Hunter's Path came out" lol
    Aqua had a different color scheme at that time tho, so no, it is the other way around
        What if... it was a mix of both?
        They made the handle slightly darker
    Or… Yelan just wasn’t datamined alongside with it. I doubt MHY allows themselves to restrict a character design based on a weapon’s considering the character is the main selling point. Most weapons are literally useless without the character.
        why would it have been named Qilin Horn then
            name of the weapon doesn't have to indicate it's intended user. there is no such rule.
                Sure but Ganyu is supposed to be a form of a Qilin, a Chinese mythological creature. The name could've been a placeholder. Who really knows
        Having a the same color scheme (she’s literally hydro so she there was an 80% chance of her being blue anyway) and having a matching design element on her jacket doesn’t really sound like a big restriction.
    Aqua is actually significantly stronger on Ganyu than Amos now, so long as we consider abyss conditions.

Hunters path is her BiS though.
    I don't know if its passive was the same back then, but Amos was featured on [Fischl's character demo](https://youtu.be/3VtfVPCbNzk?t=36) (only released in CN) so it may have been initially designed for her as a 4* before they created Mitternacht Waltz
        Considering Mitternacht Waltz debuted in Honkai before it was added with Genshin... maybe you're onto something here...
    This explains why Aqua looks so good on Ganyu actually
    "Qilin Horn"
"Ganyu is a half qilin"

No wonder childe can use Aqua so well
    [removed]
        This is a bot that steal comments, here is the original: https://www.reddit.com/r/Genshin_Impact/comments/11weabg/my_biggest_problem_with_5_star_weapons_is_not_the/jcxkbsq?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
    this is gona be in some top 10 genshin trivia one day
    this is gona be in some top 10 genshin trivia one day
    this is gona be in some top 10 genshin trivia one day
    this is why signiture is just some crap the community came up with.

Ganyus strongest bow overall is Aqua, her strongest melt bow is hunters and her strongest freeze bow is Polar star. That is 3 times not Amos anymore.

And amos neither shares design nor background features of her. We should focuse on just best weapon combatwise.
Honestly I hate that Kazuha doesnt have his signature weapon be a katana with his color scheme and the blade glowing with the color of the wind element.
    The one from his quest was perfect, it only needed the mastery substat, but we were given a friggin umbrella, the sword even had a cool backstory, and the leaks.. the leaks at the begining said it had elemental mastery but... money i guess.
        The umbrella looks cool as hell, but yeah, i wish my character who's described as a sword master had... A sword
Kagura’s Verity and Donut should be switched.
    Seriously why do people think the donut is the catalyst of the Inazuma series when kagura obviously has the design similarities like the electro sigil and the handle design.
        A series with very sharp edges, electro designs and bright purple coloration. Yes the catalyst from that series is 100% the weapon with 0 shap edges, wave designs and pink, lilac and blue coloration
        It's cause of the release timing. Since Raiden and Kokomi released back to back, and the donut's aesthetic is fairly similar to that of the Inazuma series, its fair to see why the confusion can come in
        And makes a nice platter for scones and cakes. Like cmonnnnn
        Also it'd be kinda ironic for Koko's weapon to be the regional one when watatsumi is spearate from main inazuma
        I think its cuz it looks like a cat toy and not like a normal catalyst
            it’s inspired by kagura suzu, a musical instrument used in a ritual dance by shrine maidens in Japan. i think it couldn’t be more fitting for a shrine maiden’s catalyst
    why does people calling it a donut make me chuckle
        Because the center circle looks like a donut.
    [deleted]
        It's not, it has a different shade of purple and wouldn't make any sense lore wise. Why would the priestess of watatsumi have a weapon belonging to the god that killed orobashi?
    [deleted]
        In beta leaks old version of kagura, pulse and mist splitter were called "Narukami" while moonglow was called "Kaleido"
            [deleted]
                The giveaways are the softer purple, smoother shape and red tassel accessories. When ascended past stage 2, it also gains a bit of blue colouration.
        It is. Donut is Kaleido series while TP, Grasscutter, Kagura and MS are Narukami series in the files.
        Bruh the handle is literally almost the same as the mistsplitter
        You're matching the weapon to the character then deciding if it is part of a series, you should do it the other way round

Doesn't matter if it fits Yae aesthetically, it's part of the Narukami series based on the similarity from the other weapons in the series, and to Beelzebul
        Yes, it's a Shinto Bell. But it's also in the same design as the Inazuma Weapon Series. They all have that pointy electric design. It's just that in Kagura it runs in the z-axis. Whereas in the Donut it's donned with fins rather than the pointy electrical thing. It might not match with Kokomi's color, but it's definitely fish-like.
        The fact that it fits with Yae's design doesn't mean that it's not part of the Narukami series like the grasscutter and mistsplitter
        "Watasumi" and "Inazuma" are culturally distinct. Putting the donut together with the other Inazuma weapons makes no sense
        Look at Yaes weapon from underneath and you’ll see the electro sigil that makes me think it’s an inazuma series weapon.
Having unique design feels better if you are pulling for your fave character weapon. But there's exception..the inazuma weapon series is very pretty
    They are pretty by themselves indeed, but Mistsplitter and Pulse don't match Ayaka and Yoi at all, that's the point.
        Yeah I'm just saying I'm willing to overlook that if the weapon is that pretty
            Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Another example would be Nilou and Key. I think the contrast fits surprisingly well but many find it ugly because it's round at the tip and has a different color palette than herself.
                Yeah I feel the same. Contrast in color is nice and is sometimes more visually appealing than matching colors where the weapons just blinds in.but I think the series nilou weapon is from kinda ugly so I don't like it.
                    I'm okay with it on Nilou, but so far the only one that makes sense thematically for me in that series was Cyno. I'm kind of considering having her use Ayato's katana just for the drip factor.
                >Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Meanwhile, I'm over here using the fish sword on Diluc because I wanted to see a roasted fish every time he uses a skill.
                Genuinely the key is unironically in my top 5 prettiest genshin swords
                    i really like the key on Nilou, looks more like a ceremonial tool that she would wield in a rite or sth
                        I agree with this thread, and enjoyed reading the thoughts of fellow like minded individuals. Key drip on Nilou is *chef's kiss*
                            It goes well with her horns and i think thats good enough

Kind of how harán goes with her eyes
                                Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
                Mistsplitter doesn’t look bad on anyone. It’s just pretty
                No people aren't trying to match colors too much. Contrasting weapon colors *can* be nice, but mistsplitter looks awful on Ayaka. It doesn't contrast; it clashes. The red Kazuha story sword actually contrasts and looks much better on her. They even used Amenoma Kageuchi in her demo, because mistsplitter looks garish and completely out of place.
                    The Amenoma looks waaaay better on her, hands-down.
            I think the big GPU fan on the weapons looks so bad, without it they'd be pretty
        I mean this point kind of misses that the entire Inazuma set is designed after the Shogun intentionally, because that's the entire theme of Inazuma.
            Yeah, specially because the Inazuma set is made by Ei herself if I'm not wrong.

Of course with the exception of the Donut.
            Eh that really only holds water if we've got an excuse for Mondstadt, Liyue, and Sumeru weapons.

Edit: I took that to mean "for lore reasons, they are all made the same because Ei is controlling". Which doesn't really explain the same way for the other sets imho 🤷‍♀️
                I see absolutely no reason for why that would be a requirement.  


The Raiden Shogun is explicitly the basis for Inazuman Martial arts and weaponsmithing, so specific old weapons sharing design cues with minor differences based on individual smiths is exactly what would be expected.
                We do.

The Mondstat series of weapons are made/blessed by Venti, inspired by Dvalin's victory of Durin and his being cured by the Traveler. (The sword specifically is basically "For us")

Liyue is Rex Lapis weapons, from the Archon wars (Guess he doesn't like bows)

Inazuma is Raiden weapons, as she is the origin of all martial arts in Inazuma (guess she doesn't like claymores)

And of course, Sumeru has two lines: One created for the followers of King Desheret, and one based on Greater Lord Kusanali
                    >Guess he doesn't like bows

Funnily, he apparently made both the Liyue and the Jade series, and from their leaked descriptions it seems he personally made and used the bows of both sets>! (The Jade bow against Xiao's master, the Liyue bow on the Chasm fight against Azhdaha)!<.

The only ones I can't confirm he used or made are the catalyst (Memory of Dust is directly stated was made by Guizhong, not him).
        The Deshret series looks somewhat matching i guess except for the cricket bat on Nilou
            The spear definitely fits Cyno since it makes him look ready to paddle his boat down the nile river, perfectly fits the Egyptian vibe.
            She got Deshret as her bat sponsor after hitting her maiden ton in front of the Akademiya.
            [deleted]
                Even if the Cricket bat is amazing on her it does not match her at all. Xiphos Sword looks better on her than the cricket bat.
        What you mean, it's Keqing's weapon, and it fits her perfectly.


/s
        Mistsplitter kinda fits with Ayaka's new skin
            Ayaka's new skin doesn't even match herself 🍵
        my mistsplitter stays on kq no matter how much people tell me to give it to ayaya
            I actually gave Keqing my Amenoma instead. And Lisa got the Hakushin so that someone was using it. Too pretty to not get used!
            Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well.
        Literally the main reason to this day I still don't have Thundering Pulse is because I think Rust looks better on Yoimiya.

Still upset with Nilou too, her weapon just doesn't look good even in general, not just for her, give it a banger design like Haran for Ayato and I would have pulled for it.
    I agree. It also helps that Inazuma have holders that [fit their design and Vision](https://www.reddit.com/r/Genshin_Impact/comments/yu333p/inazuma_weapon_series_on_inazuman_electro_ladies/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button)
    And I don't think there's a single character who adjusts her wardrobe to match her weapon haha And I don't think they would toss out some legendary sword they found or got crafted if it wasn't a matching colour either
Who is Lost Prayers supposed to match even? Also Kokomi's weapon is pretty fitting for her imo
    I think it's more about it not being part of a "series"
        Kokomi’s Donut is not part of the inazuma series. It is either Watatsumi or Enkanomiya origin based from its passive name “Byakuya Kougetsu”, sounds familiar?
            Look at one of my comments above, i know this, op thought it was the inazuma series catalyst
                Ohh I see
                    user name based
    Barbara?
        Full-Time DPS Vape Barbara:

Bennet + Xianling + Barbara + Sucrose/Kazuha (idk). Inflict Hydro, use Anemo skill, use Bennet's and Xianling's bursts, use Barbara's charged attack.

I don't know if it actually works, cuz I just made it up.
        Considering her burst animation, she might've been designed to be a 5-star originally
    Aquila, favge and lost prayers look hella alike to me
    Lost Prayers is intended for Klee, but that's kinda silly both logically and aesthetically. It's too bad Dodoco Tales was an event exclusive catalyst
    It looks really pretty on Yanfei, it matches her eyes
    Lisa with her new skin. It's perfect on her, lol.
        No??? So much white and a light blue that is inexistent in her design
            Things don't necessarily need same/similar colors to look good together.
    Klee, lost prayer was released alongside Klee. Not really a match, but it's generally considered her signature weapon.
    Lost prayers is meant to be klee’s, yeah i don’t see it either.
King deshert has a weapon series and isn’t even the archon. Truly a gigachad.
Eula and SoBP is a match made in vengeance, it compliments her perfectly
    Yes, the whole series was obviosly made with her in mind. Freedom Sworn on the other hand... It's hard to find a worse match for Kazuha than a fancy blue European style straight sword for a jaded red color coded samurai character.
        It really is a shame that it doesn't look like that red sword you get from his Character Story, it feels so weird to see a Mondstadt blue weapon on him lol
            Yep, it's design is perfect, it was such a waste. They could have given this sword the same passive and EM substats as they gave the Yokai umbrella sword and both Kazuha and Kuki mains would have been so much happier.
                That's why I gave him the umbrella. Perfect for a traveler.
        I speculate that Freedom Sworn is Summer Jean's weapon before it was repurposed as Kazuha's BiS cuz he was being released in the same patch.

You even see Summer Jean using it in the trailer at one point.
            Considering how weird it'd be to give a new weapon just because of a skin, is likely the intention was that it would be her new signature if not BiS (like happened to Tartaglia, whose signature used to be Rust before he was given Polar Star), but for some reason they changed their mind and gave it to Kazuha as his signature instead (the likely reason being that they realized they didn't have a 5\* sword with EM ready for him, it was easier to change the stats of the soon-to-release weapon and put it on his banner) .
        For the longest time I thought he didn't have a signature weapon until I actually looked it up and realized just how horribly mismatched they are
        I feel like it was originally intended for Jean
            No, Jean’s “signature” weapon is supposed to be the Aquila Favonia… for obvious reasons. Does the passive fit her? Nay, not at all. But those were back in the days when people thought Bennett was bad, so it was a weird time anyway.
                You could say just as well that her signature is Favonius Sword, it's the weapon she has in most depictions.
                    Bennett + Traveler’s Handy Sword pog

I mean, there’s no real point in arguing which weapon is designed for who and what their “signature weapons” are, because at that point Diluc is using a 1* Claymore (unless you have his 30 USD skin) and the Traveler is using a lvl 70 Dull Blade.
                        True, or Yun Jin with Dragon's Bane xD
                the passive fits her perfectly because they both hurt and heal at the same time and Anemo/physical hybrid Jean is the way she was meant to be played **you can't change my mind**
                The passive fits her quite well. Increase ATK%, heal based on ATK, deal damage based on ATK, it even has a high Base ATK for all the ATK% to result in even more ATK. It's the substat that doesn't match Jean, and who knows maybe Jean was intended to be a Physical DPS but Anemo ended up being much stronger.
            I read somewhere that Freedom Sworn was originally, at one point was meant for Albedo when Mihoyo was considering an EM/Crystallise angle that never went any further (which is also why Albedo can reliably proc its passive??). I don't remember where I read it or if it's actually true though. 90% sure it was on reddit. Maybe.
    guess I'll take the hit and say I do not like it at all, I don't know what about strings on sobp and eula fits together, also the blue is too light in some spots and the entire weapon looks way too thick and uneven for such an elegant character, the gold also doesn't fit, but I suppose there aren't really any good looking claymores except wgs which unfortunately is the opposite of eula's design, but guess I'll take skyward pride which looks a little better on eula than sobp
Switch Kagura's Verity and Everlasting Moonglow. KV is part of the Inazuma series, EM is not. The design literally speaks for itself.
I disagree on Yae’s weapon, not because it doesn’t suit her but because it’s literally the catalyst version of the rest of the Inazuma signature weapon series. Nothing is actually setting it apart from the design of MistSplitter, Thundering Pulse, Engulfing Lightning etc. it’s the same purple electro weapon theme of that region. If anything Engulfing Lightning is the most unique of the region as it’s the only polearm in the game that’s designed as a Naginata when the rest are essentially all spears.
    Isn't there a 4 star naginata?
        Yeah, wavebreaker fin
i actually love the “ generic “ regional “ designs “ and how they are based on archon / region
    [deleted]
        Would they? I like it but seems like a weird thing to complain about on the absence of it.
            I don’t think they would, its just reddit being reddit. There is always a devils advocate or contrarian somewhere
    I think a generic regional design would be great for 4 star weapons instead. I can't imagine hoe much it sucks to be say a Yoimiya main and have a neon purple signature weapon
        I don't mind at all. Both Mistsplitter and Thunder Pulse look great even if they don't look at all like their characters.
I honestly love the regional weapons. Whenever someone in this sub posts a "what if Wolf's Gravestone was a bow/claymore/polearm/etc" kind of post it always makes up for very entertaining fanarts
I feel like Engulfing Lightning was definitely designed for Raiden.
    Exactly. So was the rest of the Inazuman weapon series, and that's my point. It's a crime that Amenoma looks much better on Ayaka than her actual signature weapon, Mistsplitter's color and design are such a mismatch that Hoyo was even ashamed to put it in her trailer.
        >Amenoma looks much better on Ayaka than her actual signature weapon, Mistsplitter's color and design are such a mismatch that Hoyo was even ashamed to put it in her trailer.

Kazuha's fillet blade: Bonjour.
            I hate the fact that Kazuha's BiS is a Mondstadt Series weapon AND it's a BLUE and GOLD color scheme for a RED, WHITE and BLACK color scheme character
                That's because it isn't kazuha's motif weapon. It's jeans, she was the one wielding it during the first GAA trailer.
                    Jean has Aquila Favonia tho?
                        So? Venti had skyward harp which is also mismatched with his kit. At least FS matches jean. You can't say the same for Elegy for venti.
                            Accept the word of our lord and savior Venti as crit DPS with faruzan >!/s!<
                            Harp matches venti's archon form tho(the one where he's half naked). Maybe if we get a skin in the future it'll fit better.
                                They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
                        Aquila is for normal Jean. Freedom Sworn is for Summer Jean specifically since their color schemes match
        I mean... From a lore point of view, Ei made them so it's normal for them to look similar. Ayaka doesn't even seem to officialy own Mistpliter in lore either, unless it's a weird case like Ganyu where we saw her with Amos in a cutscene with no explanation. Also Donut isn't part of the Narukami series, Kagura's verity is, and I think it's a good match for Yae honestly.
        Anemona is so good on Ayaka I think they even had it in her character trailer so it is kinda her true signature
        Yunjin has Dragon's Bane on her official art, but that spear makes no sense on her stat-wise. Maybe they should just release transmog system instead of misleading people
    Yeah it fits her really well, a weapon being part of a series doesn't always mean it doesn't fit the character design
    That's the point tho. She was most likely the one to make it.
you know kagura's variety is also from the inazuma series right?
    And donut isn't
Naaah tighnari's signature looks good on him and al haitam's as well 

The dendro weapon series matches the user and the dessert polearm looks awesome on cyno and dehya
    Jade cutter looks better on alhaitham than his signature, the green is closer to his outfit and the sharp edges fit him better than his sig, imo.
    Imo xiphos is much better looking for alhaitham, the silver lining is that his other sword is Also a bright Green instead of a teal like everything else in his design
    what about nilou, I'm not sure but it kinda look like it's too thick for her to wag it around in the air like that
        Yeah it doesn't look good on her but my point is opposing the statement " only looks good on one character, usually being the archon"
Weapons in Genshin is a medium for lore. They are not weapons custom-made for the characters, but rather weapons with their own history that goes way beyond the characters they are released with (unless said character is an Archon). 

*The mistake is thinking that signature weapon meta-wise means that the weapon belongs to them lore-wise.*

Who is Lost Prayer even tailor-made for? 

Aquila can hardly be called tailor-made for Jean, since Skyward Sword matches her aesthetically, and is also better than Aquila meta-wise.
    >Who is Lost Prayer even tailor-made for? 

Yanfei
    What's the problem of making matching weapon and add a necessary lore? Let's say you want to talk about Rabbits but you draw a Fox. You can say the Fox lives in a forest with Rabbits and Rabbits are. Plus noone knows how Rabbit and Fox look like.
        The weapon is for world-building. This means expanding the history of the world. You can only match that to the character if the character has a past that is relevant to said lore.

There's **no** inherent problem in matching. That's why we have the likes of Homa which has been used for cleansing rituals for a long time, and matches Hu Tao's story as the 78th Head of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.

However, Genshin is not a game where every character is the next special being of the century. There are a lot of mundane characters too, and while their current job and personality may be interesting, there's not much about their past or heritage that connect to key historical events, and it shouldn't.

It would be ridiculous if every character that stumbles upon a key historical object, decided to reforge and repaint the object in accordance to their favorite outfit.
            ok, let's see Nilou. She has that Key sword. It suppose to be a cherry on top for her to help selling her. But it looks garbage on her. But it has a lore about desert, Jinni and so on. We have stoneslates, pillars, some dairies, murals - all about this same lore. If you really need 5 more weapons as a crucial piece of lore then something is wrong with your writers. Add one more stoneslate. And give Nilou elegant sword that has some history about dancing craft.
            uhm, vision holders by default are the so called next special being of the century. each of them

&#x200B;

edit:  


also, you can have all that lore added in different ways, you can still have visually matching signature weapons that give valuable lore, they are not mutually exclusive.

&#x200B;

and on that same note let me remind you that target number 1 for genshin design is to sell something to the player.  not lore building or anything else.  if it can get sales it WILL break as many previously implied rules as it needs to, if it will earn more.
Uhhh Everlasting Moonglow isn't part of the Inazuma Series
I think the solution here is "Costume Weapons".  


Let us have the appearance of one weapon, but the stats of another.
    That would be great, honestly.
    You mean transmog? That would be cool but i doubt Hoyo will unlock it for every weapons. They might just make it available if you have those weapons only
        Thats exactly what it is like if you have 2 weapons and hate the better weapons design you can put any other weapon over it
        Isn't that how transmog usually works?
        I'm fine with that. There's ALOT of good looking free weapons. Like the Inazuma craftable set.
    [deleted]
        Because they'd never do it, unfortunately. Zhonglis spear looks so good on him, I'd pull r1 just to change his homa to it.
        I wouldn’t downvote you, but I can see why people hate Costume Gear systems.  If implemented right they’re good.  But I’ve played two MMO games that came out with Costume Gear to remedy this very problem. 

The issue came when they started adding bonus little stats or effects to the Costume Gear as a cash grab.  Then suddenly it just became another entire set of gear you had to maintain to do good damage. And everyone looked the same again chasing meta.
            I only know games which treat them completely cosmetic. And I don't even see a Problem for co-op because there could be options to disable the costume gear of others. In Dissidia Final Fantasy Opera Omnia many people use weapon "gloss" and no one cares.
        In a game so focused on world building and lore, where you don't even have mismatched sets of armors, transmog just doesn't feel right to me.

However, I won't understand why people are so against it when they can just ignore it, it's not even pvp to say you're being deceived by it.
        I would 100% get kokomi’s signature just so I can do that
I would swap Yae Miko’s catalyst with Kokomi’s catalyst.
There's a mistake here 
Kokomi is the "unique" while yae's is narukami. Well in the files kokomi's cata has a bow counterpart but it's not directly named after the "set" it's named like complimentary pieces for example there's a sword and claymore named "oneside" and "the other side" which are separately named for a set of "appease" and repent or some shit I can't remember.
Can we all agree that the liyue series is utter dogshit?
    Zhongli's spear and catalyst look cool, but yeah, they are not great at all.
    The weapons are dogshit but I actually like how they look a lot.  Vortex Vanquisher is just generally cool, Unforged is a big derpy lightsaber and Summit Shaper looks kinda cool too, its glowing blade makes it look almost like it's a sci-fi weapon.  Memory of Dust is kinda boring looking though.

Unforged is the only weapon I have that I actually bring out in overworld solely for drip lol.
    They look great with no ascension.
    Yeah, I lowkey prefer the deshret series over them because at least those ones look unique.
    Yeah their all pretty dogshit compared to other alternatives lol
    Vortex Vanquisher is useless on Zhongli and outclassed by multiple options on every other polearm character. The others in the series, at least, all have some slightly niche use as good options for on-field DPS characters allowing you to run Zhongli as a substitute Bennett. (Of course, other options with Bennett are often better, but if he's tied up on the other side of the Abyss or you need to avoid pyro for some reason...)
        If only Vortex had an HP substat instead of ATK…
            vortex just had to give zl HP and have a passive that gives shield strength party wide. tadaa. but noooooo, muh set wide passive >:c
                The set wide passive doesn’t even make any sense since the Skyward weapons already don’t do that.
i reckon cyno’s, eula’s, and xiao’s match really well, but yeah ig you’re right (eta: and al haitham’s)
    but putting key on nilou was a really bad decision it doesn't match her looks of style whatsoever
Instead of calling them generic why not just call them Set design

Generic sound low quality

They're mostly 5* Wich the commoner normally couldn't afford
what is even the problem here? cuz I don't see any
Unironically, aside from Homa and Wolf's Gravestone, the "generic regional designs" are just so much better looking, and BTW, Yae's catalyst is the generic regional design and moonglow is the unique.
Anyone else annoyed OP didn’t group them in a column according to weapon type?
Genshin players always have a problem with anything when they're bored
    Exactly lol, how tf is then even a "problem".
        Why does it matter to you? You're okay with the multi-billion dollar corporation slacking with weapon designs?
            Its for lore reasons, i find series weapons to be way cooler than dedicated designs because in-game characters are not even really supposed to have special weapons made with their cloth colors in mind in the first place.
Also, idk how you worry about this and call it a problem while there are so many other bigger things wrong that need fixing lol.
            Imo the "boring regional designs" are better then most "one of a kind" weapons

Weapons in genshin also are a medium for lore. Look at the inazuman weapons for example. All crafted by ei and all portraying parts of Inazuman (folk)lore

Being a signature/BIS ≠ being tailor made.

Look at ayaka for example. Her BIS and signature is Mistsplitter, but her in lore weapon, which is more or less tailormade for her, is Amenoma

To me the 5* weapon series are a non issue
            I would choose most of the designs on the right before Wanderers weapon, Aquila or Kaguras verity.
mistsplitter and thbundering pulse were both crafted by the raiden shogun (ei or makoto we dont know) so the looks are as they should. the lore fo those both weapon is really good.
    It's actually Ei.. Inazuma Polearm and sword combat as well as the blade forging process originated from her..
    Mistsplitter looks so bad. Especially on Ayaka.
        L take. 

Mistsplitter + Keqing (especially with her alt costume) is the drippiest look I've ever seen in this game outside of the other characters with their signature weapons.
            But he's talking about Ayaka ?
                i know. 

he said Mistsplitter looks bad and i disagree, so i used Mist + Keqing combo drip to prove my point.
    [deleted]
        >And I think it's a crime that Amenoma looks much better on Ayaka than her actual signature weapon,

Cause Amenoma is her in lore weapon

>Mistsplitter's color and design are such a mismatch that Hoyo was even ashamed to put it in her trailer.

That's not the reason she uses Amenoma in her trailers...
Who is the user of the lost prayer again?   

Also id like to add that I don’t personally have a problem with weapon design not matching the character. In reality it makes more sense: not every weapon is forged for or to match the looks of a specific person unless you are a god or a very significant being. It’s like a pianist would practice with his piano at home but on stage he will definitely sound better with an expensive grand piano that is not going to be designed aesthetically similar to that pianist
This really grinds my gear.         
         
You don't even know where to put what.
    Yeah pretty funny to me

>OP complaints about "generic regional designs" 

>puts a "generic regional design" weapon in the category of "good original weapons" and a "good original weapon" in the "generic regional designs" category
        Not even that, mf put jade cutter on sumeru archon series and jade spear on Millenial Movement series.
            I think, that they are supposed to be seperated from the others

Idk why OP didn't expand the list or made the icons smaller to fit another row tho
            [deleted]
this is why they don’t listen to player feedback
    Yeah, how dare tose pesky players ask for less lazy designs for the weapons they pay for.
I'd swap Kagura and Donut imho. Kagura has the same sharp edges as the other weapons
Why is Koko’s weapon in regional? It doesn’t look anything like the bow, spear, or sword.
I prefer almost every single "generic" desing over almost every single unique one.
Of the takes I've seen about 5 star weapons. This might be one of the dumbest.
This just made me realize how all other regions have two sets of regional design weapons whereas Inazuma only has the Raiden themed ones.

I wonder if we'll ever get a second regional series for Inazuma.
    Miko's catalyst is the one actually matching the set, the donut is its own thing. Maybe that will be part of a second series in the future.
    There is the watatsumi series in the 4*s
Eula's claymore IS tailormade for her :/
The design of mistsplitter+ayaka isn’t meant to be homogeneous. It stands out BECAUSE she’s holding the sword forged by a god, and the color contrasts reflects that. 

And it’s not like the colors clash, in fact ayakas default outfit color scheme is a light blue with pink tassels as an accent. The front of her dress is a deep indigo that helps transition to the pink. Good design is not about matching blue+blue and purple+purple.
Inazuma only has one regional set but makes up for it by being the strongest overall
I think song of broken pines and engulfing lightning match Eula and Raiden perfectly tbh
Cyno’s, Eula’s, and Xiao’s match them pretty well IMO
Well this is a very subjective discussion.
I didn’t think of primordial jade as a series before but I guess you could say it is.
Atleast the sumeru weapons fit their characters (minus nilou)

But yeah mistsplitter on ayaka and that bow on yoimiya look especially bad together. Those colours just do not match.
Dunno man, I complain more about the ammount of *actual* usefull weapons, either way rng is a bitch when trying to get those
Millennial Movement spear and catalyst when?
This right here. Still mad that Yoimiya’s “signature” bow is purple and spiky.
Kagura's Verity and the donut should be swapped. Verity has the purple zigzag thunder motif around it's ring like the other Inazuma weapons, it's part of the Inazuma series. The donut meanwhile is a unique pearl themed catalyst
Yae's catalyst is actually part of the Inazuman weapon series alongside Raiden's polearm and Ayaka's sword. Everlasting Moonglow (Kokomi's catalyst) is part of its own series
nobody tell him kagura's verity is a regional design and kokomi's donut isnt
I think the doughnut matches Kokomo perfectly; are you sure that it's part of the raiden shogun set?

But yeah I agree. I don't really like these more basic "sets"

Though what frustrates mea as a Tart main is that Polar Star is technically for Tartaglia but actually doesn't match him much aesthetically
Ignoring the stats/passive, I honestly think Skyward Harp matches Venti's aesthetics more than Elegy. Elegy might be his BiS now, but which one is canonically his signature weapon?
Because we have priorities. We have archon level characters like random funeral house worker that will get top tier kit and best weapon in game. We have average hobo from Japan that will get leftover sword from Mondstadt. And we have Albedo.
I actually love the look of the liyue series, I'm just mad they're all absolutely dogshit (read: I'm mad I have vortex vanquisher)
I think the worst offenders for mismatched signature weapons are Ayaka, Yoimiya, Kazuha, and Nilou.
Nobody's gonna prove to me that Rust is not Yoimiya's signature. Matches the color scheme and has an effect that is perfect for her.
    It’s technically meant for Childe before they made Polar Star for him.
I think the PJWS deserves to be in the left category. It looks unique and matches Xiao’s colours only, nothing to do with Liyue
    Jade Series is a thing, and yes it has to do with liyue. Just read the story of the Spear.
    It belongs to the "primordial jade" series with PJC.
        Ooh I somehow thought the sword below it was Sumeru related, I see now
    It’s im the same series with Jade Cutter, its debut partner. We also have reasons to believe of a claymore version that has been shelved for a future character like Yelan’s and Kokomi’s.
    Zhongli forged it for Xiao a long time ago
    I totally agree about PJWS and Xiao. Jade Cutter doesn't really fit anyone perfectly, but i'm giving it a pass, since it's not a signature weapon for anyone.
        sorry but my dendro lumine would like to counter that. also al haitham looks better with pjc than his signature😭
Liyue series couldn't be more useless
Tbh I have the new claymore and Redhorn. 

Beacon of Reed sea definitely looks better on Dehya. It stands out just enough but still matches. Meanwhile Redhorn blends in so well you can barely see it on her back. 

And the staff is great for Cyno. 

Other than that I agree. All garbage tier besides Mistsplitter. Mist perfectly matches it’s signature 5*, Keqing.
Jade spear suits Xiao tho
    It is his signature weapon........
    They’re saying that although PJWS fits Xiao, the other weapon in its series PJC sword (shown beneath the PJWS) doesn’t fit any of Liyue’s sword characters
Y'all actually think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka? Wtf
Eula is indeed the physical archon
So you're saying Xiao's weapon that he canonically uses isn't made for him? Specially since he's like the only polearm character who can use it properly?
Also almost everything fits Xiao's color scheme.
Sumeru weapons are so shitty looking considering how beautiful the characters are its a killer for the characters only really does Alhaithams and Cynos weapons match them or what they are about
    [deleted]
        Can’t agree on hunter’s path, it looks beautiful imo.
        Can't agree on Nilou's paddle. The brown scheme really fits her aesthetic
        I think they both look cool af. Unforged gets my vote for the ugliest.
I do have to agree with op on one of their points, a lot of "signature" weapons don't fit their character design-wise, mist splitter looks awful on ayaka, pulse looks atrocious on Yoimiya, the kricket bat looks horrible on everyone and doesn't fit nilou in the slightest, arguably hunter's path looks meh on tighnari, freedom sworn looks trash on kazoo, but aside from them i'd say if a series weapon is someones signature it doesn't look bad, thousand dreams, light of sanction, song of broken pines, engulfing lightning, kagura, jade spear (and in the near future ball), boat paddle and bacon look good on characters they were made for
This made me realise that the elegy catalyst is going to be broken on nahida!! 


( Unless they make it's main stat hp or something)
That's why i use snowtombed stalsilver on Eula
I honestly was quite confused with weapons like thundering pulse, mistsplitter and freedom sworn.... like they don't even look good on the character :(((

I honestly think that amenoma kageuchi fits ayaka more than her "signature weapon"
Not half the comments laser focusing on kagura being the inazuma catalyst and missing the point entirely by saying kokomi's non-matched weapon would still fit in the matched weapons category
[deleted]
    I did, that's what the post is about.
Haran Geppuku is part of a set, the rest are just 4-stars tho
    Haran is not a Watasumi weapon
    You mean those Watatsumi weapons? The wave design cues are a bit similar, but no, they have nothing to do with each other lore wise.
        [You are correct](https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Watatsumi_Series)
Least braindead r/Genshin_Impact take
The weapon should be the same color as my waifu else it's ugly reee
Meanwhile paddle series not fitting a single user in terms of looks. Ouch.
    Okay on Cyno to compliment his Anubis look.
    Cyno’s is based on the sekhem scepter. Anubis was often depicted with it in hieroglyphs, so really it matches Cyno perfectly!
    Dehya and cyno's look pretty fitting on them.
    Beacon fits Dehya, spear fits Cyno (and to some degree Candace too)
dang i never realised that everlasting moonglow was part of the inazuma weapon series
    [deleted]
Polar Star doesn’t even match Childe. Rust does. :/
Fashion Impact
Color Scheme Matching Impact
You're stupid or blind (or didn't read Kagura's lore or wasn't interested in Japan culture) but it definitely should be in  generic national designs.
I hate weapon series too. Electro weapon on Ayaka?! :' D
    It's most likely because weapon on Inazuma are mostly crafted and founded by Ei..
    Lore reason. The inazuman series was crafted by ei

If you want her asthetic signature you have Amenoma
        The lore doesn't matter. I am talking about aesthetics alone. If we had model swaps and just give mistsplitter the design of Amenoma, then it would be okay.
            I explained to you, why Ayakas signature is an electro weapon.

And if we swapped design of Amenoma and Mistsplitter, then people would complain, that the design for it is subpar
                Yeah, I understood that. But that doesn't change my feelings. I still dislike it. 

Oh, that's not what I meant. I mean something like skins. Like, the ability to change the appearance of your weapon to any other you own. So, just a simple model swap, and the stats would stay the same.
Tulaytullah's rememberance isn't really tailor designed for Wanderer. Lore and aesthetic wise, it's closely tied to Xiphos' moonlight and similar weapons. Amos bow has no ties to Ganyu either. These two are really more of a third category.
Now I'm imagining a Cricket Bat series Bow, where it's basically just a bent plank of wood.
Those look like calamity weapons
Those look like calamity weapons
Aquila still my fav sword and my Jean still hold it like national treasure
I feel like yaes weapon is still part of the inazuma series despite it also matching her kit. Its not really matching her appearance though imo.
    Kaguras is part of the inazuman series, while donut isn't
They gotta release a Childe a skin that matches Polar Star
Is it just me or is the whiteblind and iron sting of the same design as well? Along with the amenoma and katsugiriki (i forgot how it's spelled) and other inazuma craftable weapons.
    Craftables got 4 sets
The mechanicals, like whiteblind, iron sting and pike
The prototypes
The Inazuma craftables
And the branches
I feel like there should be more “unique one-of-a-kind designs” that have passive effects that are curated to the character even more and are unequippable on any other character.  

That way there is no argument who the weapon is for and allows them to be even better for the character they are designed for. 

These weapons should remain Event-Exclusive, but weapons that have general effects and do not have appearances that only match one character should be added to the Standard Banner.
id swap everlasting moonglow and kagura's verity
We need more weapon types imo.
My problem with them is that most of them look kinda ugly. I only really vibe w wolf's gravestone, red horn, whatever Ayato's sword is called, and the deshret series. The others look way too toyetic and non threatening.
I see that you've categorized the 5 star weapons by their motifs... What's the problem?
Swap the donut with yaes
*Cries in Nilou*
i like the inazuma ones
Everybody says liyue characters are good but liyue 5* weapons are trash lol
My man you got kokomi's weapon and yae's weapon swapped, yae's weapon is the same series as Ayaka and raiden's
The weapons banner is actually dogshit. I don't mind if the color is matching the character
I hate how signature weapons in this game work!

What even defines a "signature weapon"?

For some char they have absolutely no lore ties and do not even match visually!

You have Hu Tao who has a weapon made for her visually and from the lore it is also related but then you have Yoimiya who has a bow that does not match her look and is tied to some completely different characters from the lore and part of the Shogun series!
I don’t really care I just color code
I think you could exchange kagura and moonglow
I always thought Ayato's Haran belonged to the Inazuma wave design weapons. They're 4 stars, but still.
I think this is pretty cool actually.
I don't mind it if they still look decent with their characters. But ones that outright clash -- like Nilou and her paddle -- make me sad.
bro misplacrd yaes and kokomis weapons
My issue is that hunter's path is never coming back.
Thundering's pulse looks so ugly on Yoimiya
Polar star is a part of an unreleased leyline set too (see: deicide)
I don't mind having both sets and signatures, just wished there'd be more signatures.
kagura is supposedly inline with inazuman right ? doesnt matter there are 2 catalyst
Whos catalyst is lost prayer?
I don’t want them to match, I want weapons that multiple characters should be able to use
You switched the donut and the cupcake tray
Impostors in the 4th and 5th lines lol
Redhorn (almost) matches two characters...  >!*smug Noelle-main noises*!<
True Nilous weapon looks awful on her
I’m okay with it when it fits the character. But Ayaka running around with a clearly electro-themed sword still annoys me as an Ayaka main
I love the regional series.
It's the skywards weapon series being the only one who is complete
the inazuma weapon series is really pretty tbf, they just don’t pair well aesthetically with their intended characters
I love the regional weapons, it makes it feel more cohesive
Aside from *maybe* Nilou & the Keyblade, all of the Sumeru signature weapons fit their characters really well, both the desert and jungle series. LoFi is a great fit for Alhaitham, matching his second sword in shape and color.
Pjws is an unique Design that matches it's character ( Xiao) perfectly why is it on the generic designs
I have both Haran and Aqua and I find their design similar, especially the way Haran makes wielder’s hand glow is similar to the way aqua glows when passive is active and Yelan’s hand glows when her special charged attack is ready.
Okay so you have a point but in Aladdin style oil lamp is generic?
I think you should just direct your problem onto the weapon banner because the designs literally make sense
1. Miko's weapon is part of the Inazuma series, as opposed to Moonglow
2. Most of the Skyward and Liyue series arent even signatures??? "they dont fit their character :'(" WHAT CHARACTER BRO? 😭
3. What the hell is Lost Prayer doing on the left side
Eh, I think there are some upsides and some downsides to this approach. If the weapons are  well-designed, they look great even though  they don't  match, having that "dude found a  legendary sword" sort of vibe, the weapon bringing its  own feel to the table instead  of basically just being an extension of  the owner. The problem I think is more that the sets often feel quite generic. The Jade, Electro and Dendro  series look great on  most characters, but the Geo, Anemo and Freedom series look kinda crap. I don't see any hints of a story when I look at  one of the geo weapons, it doesn't  feel like "albedo went on a dangerous quest and  acquired this legendary weapon" the way that putting PJWS on anything feels like letting them wield a piece of history.
I think the dendro bow is the best looking on tighnari and alhaitham a on him
5* Sumeru Claymore when? **prayge**
Seeing Kagura's Verity being switched with Moonglow irritated me so much for some reason. You just had one job, ONE JOB
Is the Aqua Simulacra and Haran Geppaku Futsu not from the same set. With Haran being related to water ripples and Aqua to waves and tides and both having a similar water/ dark blue design theme.
My biggest problem with 5 star weapons is that the description of what some of them do makes them sound useless. Are they actually useless? I don’t know, I didn’t pull for them bc they sounded useless.
Lol two of the freedom sword and Elegy weapons dont even match the characters, they were intended for- the sword for Kazuha and the Bow for Venti have like no aesthetic with each other at all.
I don't recognize the Inazuma Catalyst, what is it?
Oh, before opening the discussion I thought you would say something else entirely.
The problem with 5 star weapons is that they are too niche.
A 4 star weapon can be used by a LOT of characters.
Meanwhile you pay a lot of money for a weapon that only works on one character...
I really wish we had more different weapons instead of the same regional ones. Like c'mon, it's not that hard
I didn't realize calamity queller wasn't part of the millennial movement set
Now that we're talking about weapons.
Can anyone tell me why the Tullaytullah's Bell (or however it's spelled) rings?
It's just an aesthetic thing or does it actually mean something?
And yet Song of Broken Pines + Eula is still one of the most aesthetically pleasing combos of all time.
THE GOD DAMN CHOCOLATE BAR OF A WEAPON SERIES I HATE IT WHY DID YOU GIVE NILOU A GADDAMN HERSHEY'S??  Like, I get the desert aesthetic, unfortunately, Nilou isn't a desert character....
My biggest problem with 5 star weapons is not having them.
nilou definitely deserved her own sword, and not just saying that cause I have her OP but weird brown sword
They all look cool so I honestly don’t have a problem imo
I kind of thought all the regional 5 stars were potentially weapons that once belonged to the archon or at least were created by them.

Also, top left is not exactly unique. Looks like a cross with favonius sword and fillet knife.
What about the 4 starts like dodoco tales and kagotsurube isshin?
Is there a list of which weapon goes with which character? The Genshin wiki doesn't list it even in the trivia section of the weapon and I've always been curious
Colour scheme 😀
    Sorry my bad England
Vortex Vanquisher is in the wrong column

Same for PJWS

And Grasscutter

And Elegy
...you do realize that the entire Mondstadt/Skyward series aren't anyone signature, right? they're just on standard banner. the only Liyue series weapon that belongs to a character is Vortex Vanquisher? Jade Cutter is also unowned by anyone, and with the way banners work now, we'll likely never see it or most of the Liyue series again.

the Sumeru bow (Tighnari's weapon, Hunter's Path) and Deshret claymore (Dehya's weapon, Beacon) are also likely Never to be seen again, since their characters went to standard but didn't take the weapons with them. they can go back and give characters the Liyue series weapons or even Jade Cutter as signatures, but Hunter's and Beacon are both lost to time...
I think Aquila and lost prayers might also be from the same set. They have similar styles.
At least the sets from Sumeru all have respective characters that the weapons fit with.

Edit: forgot about Nilou's sword
I don’t mind regional weapons so long as they match the character they’re for
The Harran does have a set for its theme but the other weapons in that set are 4*
all i want is aquila favonia to match my jean is it too much to ask
Mine problem is no unique buff animation like it's a 5* give it some flair I think wolfs,jade,snd the bell have a nice special animation
who does amos' bow belongs to?
The Key looks amazing on Nilou tho. The horns in her outfit looks so good with the sword
whats the dark red(diluc?)claymore and light sky blue catalyst for?
I like both, honestly. Every character should have a proper signature weapon, and there should also be 5\* weapon cycles. *And the cycles should have the same ability!* Separate the character and weapon standard banners, give out more blue fates, and have an Epitomized Path.

I've been arguing for a Battle Pass weapon cycle for a while now - i.e. we get a bow with Serpent Spine's looks and passive, etc.
"Truhly"
I liek my 3star debate club
Why is Kokomi’s weapon on the right side?
Doesn't Light of Foliar Incision and Hunter's Path tailor-made for Alhaitham and Tighnari respectively? Both are their BiS weapons and fit their aesthetics fairly well. With Nahida's BiS weapon also fitting her design, this makes the whole series of weapons coherent with their characters. And Jade Spear... Everything fits Xiao! Even on lore.

Don't know about lore but since Amos Bow is from Mondstadt, Lost Prayer and Aquila Favonia fits god knows who and Wolf's Gravestone probably fits Varka better than Diluc, I don't think it counts much.

I really only dislike cases like Kazuha, where nothing matches besides kit, but when kit and aesthetics match I don't care about lore, but when a "regional weapon" fits both kit and aesthetics it's a win for me.
Man they did alhaitham dirty with that sword
I think a lot of the "generic "regional " designs" Archon weapons are very beautiful, especially the Inazuma and Sumeru sets. Engulfing Lightning, Elegy for the End and Hunter's Path are some of the most beautiful weapons of the game imo.

And Kagura's Verity is a "generic" Archon set weapon, not a "unique" one btw.
Every region actually has two dedicated sets, mondstadt is is the skyward & millennial movement series, liyue is the geo one (idk if it has a special name or not) & primordial jade series, sumeru is the green one (also with no special name I think) & the deshret set- inazuma being the only outlier with just the lightning themed series, but I speculate the Haran Geppaku Futsu belongs to an incomplete set for inazuma (purely because it looks generic like it would belong to a set).
Yoimiyas having thundering pulse as her signature is upsetting. Purple and orange are not a good combo.
And this is why Breath of The Wild is better
how is the Primordial Winged Jade Spear (Xiao's weapon) generic?
Yeah I dislike the design choices made here in every direction.

I hate the idea of blatant, very simple "Best in Slot" items. In many cases alternatives to a character's signature weapon are awful. (whether in terms of gameplay or horribly clashing visually)
Not having any real choices to make or customization to be had leaves this also feeling bland.

On the other side we have themed equipment that more or less looks ok with effects that can work on a handful of different units, nothin special and god forbid you use one on a unit outside the theme, tends to clash even more.



Solutions:
Use less color. anywhere an elemental color is used on a weapon, instead leave it clear or transparent. Then, when it is equipped, the equipping character's element is applied to the transparent parts. Less jarring visually that way.

also, for gameplay purposes, just designing the systems of the game in such a way that there are multiple *actually good* choices for a weapon would be nice. instead of "BiS, least trash alt, trash, horrid trash"



But then again, its a gacha, and they want us to spend as much money as possible, and to hell with good design choices.  the only good design is the one that gets the most money.   /sigh
I don’t personally agree with saying that the archons’ weapons are generic regional designs considering that the archons are pretty much their regions personified.
Compare to other series weapons, the "desert series" weapons look like... not very  pretty espercially Nisut ,which is not match to nilou
Except not every signature weapon compliments the characters design. I mean design wise Rust compliments both Childe and Yoimiya more than thunder pulse and polar star. Which are both are good 4 star weapon for them.

Honestly speaking I think polar star looks compliments yelan more than aqua simulacra. And kagura verity looks so much better with Lisa that yae miko.
The dendro looking weapon set has been pretty great for their respective characters.
My biggest problem is the meta version of this. There's a new weapon every time a new 5-star character comes out so most of the time if you want them to be the most powerful, you have to pull that too. Just way too much weapons and most of them are niche
Not a coincidence that most of my fave weapons are on the left side
Disagree with vortex vanqish
my problem is they mostly suck and the weapon banner makes it even worse.
Maybe move Jade Winged to the sumeru section
My conclusion from this graph is that Xiao is an Archon
so generic, its as if they have to follow themes so fit their element.
I'm just gonna say, because this is as good a place as any, it still irritates me to no end that Vortex Vanquisher matches Zhongli perfectly, but it's practically useless for him!!!!!
I feel like this is a bit harsh on the wrong weapons, like both Nahida and Alhaitham match their signature weapons aesthetically and thematically.  Alhaitham’s sword is literally a part of a matching set with the second sword he pulls out during NA/CA, and Nahida’s lamp very much matches her aesthetic as well as the lore of her being introduced in the collective dream.

Meanwhile you have Aquila Favonia in the non generic category even with it being the joke sword only used for a high base attack except in some meme builds and not being integral to any character’s intended use.  Like that sword completely blows up its own drip factor when you fully ascend the weapon by becoming the same kind of blue glow stick as the rest of the skyward weapons, it doesn’t actually match anyone in play or drip at all.
The Sumeru desert weapons look trash ngl
Idk I like em all :/
It took me til just now to realize that elegy and song/freedom are the same set 💀
Who's signature is lost prayer?
I can argue that Aquila and LPTTSW match, but i think thats just me tbh
Poor Kazuha and Nilou got victimized the worst by these “weapon series”. 🤧
ok...and. i dont see a problem with having a series of weapons
I think cyno and dehya's weapons look perfect with them
I know the weapons are related to the lore, but Nilou is literally cosplaying the Goddess of Flowers. Why didn’t she get a sword related to the goddess? 🤧
So you want more characters to be bound by a weapon that completes their kit because it was tailor made specifically for them to net another potential 300$?
i like the regional designs but i wish the distribution between those and the unique ones was more even
the sumeru regional ones barely even match their characters. cyno's works for him, but then the others idek
Forever angry Polar Star doesn't really match Childe, but Rust does. And Vortex Vanquisher matches Zhongli perfectly, but it's useless on him. I want the ability to use weapons I own as skins for the weapons I have equipped, please.
They're all cool for me :)
How is lost prayer for the sacred wind a fitting weapon for klee? They share no similarities design wise.
would argue kagura over donut for inazuma weapons
Honestly I can't wait to get the full sets of these weapons
Personally I don't mind if their BiS/Signature weapon doesn't match their color scheme I think people are just too obsessed with having the color match with the char which is fine I get it. Hopefully hyv create layered weapon (if you play monster hunter you know what I mean)
Vortex Vanquisher fits Zhongli and Memory of Dust fits Ningguang, who was originally designed as a 5\*.
Baizhu and Xiao's jade weapons match them.
what are song of broken pines, jade winged spear, and a thousand floating dreams doing on the right?
What is Elegy supposed to represent in terms of regions then? Dragonspine? Just curious 🤔 and isn’t the jade spear for Xiao? Or am I reading it wrong
Remember when Albedo was released with Summit Shaper? What was that all about lmao.
What’s the first one for the unique weapons?
We need a unique design weapon for ayayaya, hoyo needs to make it.....
I think the sumeru line really fits the characters they were released for. Probably because theyre all dendro
I like the weapons except for the "desert' series.  They just don't look good.
Look at all this weapon i can never have
I feel like slapping green weapon on any denro just fits anyway
I would argue the donut is unique
Don't think Moonglow is in that series. Kagura is.
The regional weapons to me aren't really generic, although they are meant to play to an existing design archetype.

Although functionality wise they're a mixed bag, because as much as they could just release a whole regional weapon set, their respective best characters may or may not immediately be available to them.

Although with Sumeru's weapon set, I do like how the Non-Dendro Weapon sets adhere to Deshret's aesthetic, meanwhile the Dendro Weapons adhere to ~~Kusanali's~~ Nahida's aesthetic. It's a design choice that I quite like, since Deshret until his passing was their own separate and sovereign nation.
I need them all
I prefer regional design though. "signature weapons" kinda scream "scammy gacha" to me, I like wepons being universally usable
The regional ones arent all in the same order. Why are you doing this to me
Memory of Dust is Ningguang’s signature weapon. I said what I said.
I wish swords and claymores didn't look so stupid half the time. They're very thick and look dull.
Apart from the dendro weapons, sumeru weapons look like they belong to liyue/geo characters...
I LOATHE the Inazuma signatures. Huge chunky CLEARLY ELECTRO themed weapons for a pyro archer and a cryo sword user. Just annoyingly gaudy pieces that don't fit.

Meanwhile you have Redhorn Stonethresher that is half the claymore characters' best in slot and looks good on almost all of them.
Who does the lost prayer fits?
Why the fuck is the jade spear on the regional side
i think polar star and tullaytullah’s remembrance are in one set (fatui’s weapons)
Aqua Simulacra may end up being a series in the Fontaine. Or at least I hope so. That color scheme is pretty, and would match Soutine and Focalors.
i always thought ayato's weapon was part of the 4 star watatsumi weapon series (akuoumaru, moun's moon, wavebreaker's fin) since they look quite alike
who was lost prayers for?
This is what bothered me from the picture.
Yup exactly, I was confused when I saw this
Came here to say this hahah
Truely, i tend to regard the moonlow as liyue's weapon by seeing the texture of the moonlow.
    I just treat moonglow as inazuma adjacent since the design might be more related to Enkanomiya
i fkn hate how kokomi’s one looks nothing like hers when its literally made for her

and the free event weapon that is made out of god damn sea shells scales on atk and doesnt work with her
When you dont do your homework
[deleted]
    They have different codename. Kagura belongs to the Narukami set. Donut's codename is Kaleido
    Moonglow definitely does not fit the set. It doesn’t even follow the same design philosophy
    But it's pretty. Just like Kokomi.
    Yeah it's basically a Homer Simpson donut but a bit more decorated
    They both match the color, sure, but the moonglow definitely has a different design.
Isn't everlasting part of the set instead of kaguya's? Like it was released right after the other 3 meanwhile kaguya's came 4 patches later
    Lmfao no, why would that even matter ?

Kagura literally has the same design elements as EL/Mist/TP... And the early designs of Kagura/Mist/TP were all tagged as part [Narukami series](https://preview.redd.it/wwb8nkanxqg61.jpg?width=4096&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=331d7e48cd34936f59fac9285aca09775f4fc45a) all the way back in 1.0.
    But I will say they both easily look like they could be apart of the set
Still waiting on elegy catalyst, hypostasis catalyst, Liyue Rock bow, other half of the jade series (jade ball is finally getting added), that one lantern catalyst, moonfall bow and liyue leaf theme sword
    Yeah the matcha donut is also getting dragged out of the basement, only the claymore and bow are left. Hopefully the Archon-slaying polearm will also see the light of day and be the signature weapon of one of the future playable harbinger.
        I also hope that they bring out Keqing's splash art sword, but Lion's roar is already used for her so the chances of bringing it out are getting slim.
            Isnt is the sword from the royal series ?
                What?  [No, it is far from it](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.redd.it%2Fzfe0eirhrkb71.png&tbnid=fHLsBWLRL6zcCM&vet=1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FGenshin_Impact_Leaks%2Fcomments%2Folgn1k%2Fkeqings_weapon_starseeker_is_free_for_21%2F&docid=g62-plASJHFIaM&w=512&h=256&itg=1&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim)
    ttds is good enough support weapon imo, polearms are the ones that need a millennial movement representative
        Would love a five star equivalent without the dead HP secondary stat.
            There are a pretty good chunk of characters where the HP stat isn't dead tbh
    I'll be perfectly happy with no new weapons in those series and also no new series of 5-star weapons at all, every new weapon being a visual match to some charcter.  

Which is also the point of the OP.
    according to leaks, Jade series is getting a new weapon, funnily enough it's inferior or equivalent to prototype amber on character it's meant for
        What part of "jade ball getting added" yall don't unserstand😭😭😭
            i didn't roll reading comprehension on the gacha
                I did roll for reading comprehension but all I got was DEF.
                    everything rolls as def

except when you want def. that's where the EM comes in
                        what if i want EM
                            Flat hp take it or leave it
                Bruh
        Kokomi doughnut flashbacks
In an ironic twist of fate, Aqua became Ganyu's best universal weapon until Hunter's Path came out.
    Ganyu to bows like xiangling to spears lol
        Rust
            Exception
    It's still her best bow if you're just playing Freeze or want 1 bow that performs really well in both
        Hence "best *universal* weapon until Hunter's Path came out" lol
Aqua had a different color scheme at that time tho, so no, it is the other way around
    What if... it was a mix of both?
    They made the handle slightly darker
Or… Yelan just wasn’t datamined alongside with it. I doubt MHY allows themselves to restrict a character design based on a weapon’s considering the character is the main selling point. Most weapons are literally useless without the character.
    why would it have been named Qilin Horn then
        name of the weapon doesn't have to indicate it's intended user. there is no such rule.
            Sure but Ganyu is supposed to be a form of a Qilin, a Chinese mythological creature. The name could've been a placeholder. Who really knows
    Having a the same color scheme (she’s literally hydro so she there was an 80% chance of her being blue anyway) and having a matching design element on her jacket doesn’t really sound like a big restriction.
Aqua is actually significantly stronger on Ganyu than Amos now, so long as we consider abyss conditions.

Hunters path is her BiS though.
I don't know if its passive was the same back then, but Amos was featured on [Fischl's character demo](https://youtu.be/3VtfVPCbNzk?t=36) (only released in CN) so it may have been initially designed for her as a 4* before they created Mitternacht Waltz
    Considering Mitternacht Waltz debuted in Honkai before it was added with Genshin... maybe you're onto something here...
This explains why Aqua looks so good on Ganyu actually
"Qilin Horn"
"Ganyu is a half qilin"

No wonder childe can use Aqua so well
[removed]
    This is a bot that steal comments, here is the original: https://www.reddit.com/r/Genshin_Impact/comments/11weabg/my_biggest_problem_with_5_star_weapons_is_not_the/jcxkbsq?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
this is gona be in some top 10 genshin trivia one day
this is gona be in some top 10 genshin trivia one day
this is gona be in some top 10 genshin trivia one day
this is why signiture is just some crap the community came up with.

Ganyus strongest bow overall is Aqua, her strongest melt bow is hunters and her strongest freeze bow is Polar star. That is 3 times not Amos anymore.

And amos neither shares design nor background features of her. We should focuse on just best weapon combatwise.
The one from his quest was perfect, it only needed the mastery substat, but we were given a friggin umbrella, the sword even had a cool backstory, and the leaks.. the leaks at the begining said it had elemental mastery but... money i guess.
    The umbrella looks cool as hell, but yeah, i wish my character who's described as a sword master had... A sword
Seriously why do people think the donut is the catalyst of the Inazuma series when kagura obviously has the design similarities like the electro sigil and the handle design.
    A series with very sharp edges, electro designs and bright purple coloration. Yes the catalyst from that series is 100% the weapon with 0 shap edges, wave designs and pink, lilac and blue coloration
    It's cause of the release timing. Since Raiden and Kokomi released back to back, and the donut's aesthetic is fairly similar to that of the Inazuma series, its fair to see why the confusion can come in
    And makes a nice platter for scones and cakes. Like cmonnnnn
    Also it'd be kinda ironic for Koko's weapon to be the regional one when watatsumi is spearate from main inazuma
    I think its cuz it looks like a cat toy and not like a normal catalyst
        it’s inspired by kagura suzu, a musical instrument used in a ritual dance by shrine maidens in Japan. i think it couldn’t be more fitting for a shrine maiden’s catalyst
why does people calling it a donut make me chuckle
    Because the center circle looks like a donut.
[deleted]
    It's not, it has a different shade of purple and wouldn't make any sense lore wise. Why would the priestess of watatsumi have a weapon belonging to the god that killed orobashi?
[deleted]
    In beta leaks old version of kagura, pulse and mist splitter were called "Narukami" while moonglow was called "Kaleido"
        [deleted]
            The giveaways are the softer purple, smoother shape and red tassel accessories. When ascended past stage 2, it also gains a bit of blue colouration.
    It is. Donut is Kaleido series while TP, Grasscutter, Kagura and MS are Narukami series in the files.
    Bruh the handle is literally almost the same as the mistsplitter
    You're matching the weapon to the character then deciding if it is part of a series, you should do it the other way round

Doesn't matter if it fits Yae aesthetically, it's part of the Narukami series based on the similarity from the other weapons in the series, and to Beelzebul
    Yes, it's a Shinto Bell. But it's also in the same design as the Inazuma Weapon Series. They all have that pointy electric design. It's just that in Kagura it runs in the z-axis. Whereas in the Donut it's donned with fins rather than the pointy electrical thing. It might not match with Kokomi's color, but it's definitely fish-like.
    The fact that it fits with Yae's design doesn't mean that it's not part of the Narukami series like the grasscutter and mistsplitter
    "Watasumi" and "Inazuma" are culturally distinct. Putting the donut together with the other Inazuma weapons makes no sense
    Look at Yaes weapon from underneath and you’ll see the electro sigil that makes me think it’s an inazuma series weapon.
They are pretty by themselves indeed, but Mistsplitter and Pulse don't match Ayaka and Yoi at all, that's the point.
    Yeah I'm just saying I'm willing to overlook that if the weapon is that pretty
        Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Another example would be Nilou and Key. I think the contrast fits surprisingly well but many find it ugly because it's round at the tip and has a different color palette than herself.
            Yeah I feel the same. Contrast in color is nice and is sometimes more visually appealing than matching colors where the weapons just blinds in.but I think the series nilou weapon is from kinda ugly so I don't like it.
                I'm okay with it on Nilou, but so far the only one that makes sense thematically for me in that series was Cyno. I'm kind of considering having her use Ayato's katana just for the drip factor.
            >Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Meanwhile, I'm over here using the fish sword on Diluc because I wanted to see a roasted fish every time he uses a skill.
            Genuinely the key is unironically in my top 5 prettiest genshin swords
                i really like the key on Nilou, looks more like a ceremonial tool that she would wield in a rite or sth
                    I agree with this thread, and enjoyed reading the thoughts of fellow like minded individuals. Key drip on Nilou is *chef's kiss*
                        It goes well with her horns and i think thats good enough

Kind of how harán goes with her eyes
                            Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
            Mistsplitter doesn’t look bad on anyone. It’s just pretty
            No people aren't trying to match colors too much. Contrasting weapon colors *can* be nice, but mistsplitter looks awful on Ayaka. It doesn't contrast; it clashes. The red Kazuha story sword actually contrasts and looks much better on her. They even used Amenoma Kageuchi in her demo, because mistsplitter looks garish and completely out of place.
                The Amenoma looks waaaay better on her, hands-down.
        I think the big GPU fan on the weapons looks so bad, without it they'd be pretty
    I mean this point kind of misses that the entire Inazuma set is designed after the Shogun intentionally, because that's the entire theme of Inazuma.
        Yeah, specially because the Inazuma set is made by Ei herself if I'm not wrong.

Of course with the exception of the Donut.
        Eh that really only holds water if we've got an excuse for Mondstadt, Liyue, and Sumeru weapons.

Edit: I took that to mean "for lore reasons, they are all made the same because Ei is controlling". Which doesn't really explain the same way for the other sets imho 🤷‍♀️
            I see absolutely no reason for why that would be a requirement.  


The Raiden Shogun is explicitly the basis for Inazuman Martial arts and weaponsmithing, so specific old weapons sharing design cues with minor differences based on individual smiths is exactly what would be expected.
            We do.

The Mondstat series of weapons are made/blessed by Venti, inspired by Dvalin's victory of Durin and his being cured by the Traveler. (The sword specifically is basically "For us")

Liyue is Rex Lapis weapons, from the Archon wars (Guess he doesn't like bows)

Inazuma is Raiden weapons, as she is the origin of all martial arts in Inazuma (guess she doesn't like claymores)

And of course, Sumeru has two lines: One created for the followers of King Desheret, and one based on Greater Lord Kusanali
                >Guess he doesn't like bows

Funnily, he apparently made both the Liyue and the Jade series, and from their leaked descriptions it seems he personally made and used the bows of both sets>! (The Jade bow against Xiao's master, the Liyue bow on the Chasm fight against Azhdaha)!<.

The only ones I can't confirm he used or made are the catalyst (Memory of Dust is directly stated was made by Guizhong, not him).
    The Deshret series looks somewhat matching i guess except for the cricket bat on Nilou
        The spear definitely fits Cyno since it makes him look ready to paddle his boat down the nile river, perfectly fits the Egyptian vibe.
        She got Deshret as her bat sponsor after hitting her maiden ton in front of the Akademiya.
        [deleted]
            Even if the Cricket bat is amazing on her it does not match her at all. Xiphos Sword looks better on her than the cricket bat.
    What you mean, it's Keqing's weapon, and it fits her perfectly.


/s
    Mistsplitter kinda fits with Ayaka's new skin
        Ayaka's new skin doesn't even match herself 🍵
    my mistsplitter stays on kq no matter how much people tell me to give it to ayaya
        I actually gave Keqing my Amenoma instead. And Lisa got the Hakushin so that someone was using it. Too pretty to not get used!
        Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well.
    Literally the main reason to this day I still don't have Thundering Pulse is because I think Rust looks better on Yoimiya.

Still upset with Nilou too, her weapon just doesn't look good even in general, not just for her, give it a banger design like Haran for Ayato and I would have pulled for it.
I agree. It also helps that Inazuma have holders that [fit their design and Vision](https://www.reddit.com/r/Genshin_Impact/comments/yu333p/inazuma_weapon_series_on_inazuman_electro_ladies/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button)
And I don't think there's a single character who adjusts her wardrobe to match her weapon haha And I don't think they would toss out some legendary sword they found or got crafted if it wasn't a matching colour either
I think it's more about it not being part of a "series"
    Kokomi’s Donut is not part of the inazuma series. It is either Watatsumi or Enkanomiya origin based from its passive name “Byakuya Kougetsu”, sounds familiar?
        Look at one of my comments above, i know this, op thought it was the inazuma series catalyst
            Ohh I see
                user name based
Barbara?
    Full-Time DPS Vape Barbara:

Bennet + Xianling + Barbara + Sucrose/Kazuha (idk). Inflict Hydro, use Anemo skill, use Bennet's and Xianling's bursts, use Barbara's charged attack.

I don't know if it actually works, cuz I just made it up.
    Considering her burst animation, she might've been designed to be a 5-star originally
Aquila, favge and lost prayers look hella alike to me
Lost Prayers is intended for Klee, but that's kinda silly both logically and aesthetically. It's too bad Dodoco Tales was an event exclusive catalyst
It looks really pretty on Yanfei, it matches her eyes
Lisa with her new skin. It's perfect on her, lol.
    No??? So much white and a light blue that is inexistent in her design
        Things don't necessarily need same/similar colors to look good together.
Klee, lost prayer was released alongside Klee. Not really a match, but it's generally considered her signature weapon.
Lost prayers is meant to be klee’s, yeah i don’t see it either.
Yes, the whole series was obviosly made with her in mind. Freedom Sworn on the other hand... It's hard to find a worse match for Kazuha than a fancy blue European style straight sword for a jaded red color coded samurai character.
    It really is a shame that it doesn't look like that red sword you get from his Character Story, it feels so weird to see a Mondstadt blue weapon on him lol
        Yep, it's design is perfect, it was such a waste. They could have given this sword the same passive and EM substats as they gave the Yokai umbrella sword and both Kazuha and Kuki mains would have been so much happier.
            That's why I gave him the umbrella. Perfect for a traveler.
    I speculate that Freedom Sworn is Summer Jean's weapon before it was repurposed as Kazuha's BiS cuz he was being released in the same patch.

You even see Summer Jean using it in the trailer at one point.
        Considering how weird it'd be to give a new weapon just because of a skin, is likely the intention was that it would be her new signature if not BiS (like happened to Tartaglia, whose signature used to be Rust before he was given Polar Star), but for some reason they changed their mind and gave it to Kazuha as his signature instead (the likely reason being that they realized they didn't have a 5\* sword with EM ready for him, it was easier to change the stats of the soon-to-release weapon and put it on his banner) .
    For the longest time I thought he didn't have a signature weapon until I actually looked it up and realized just how horribly mismatched they are
    I feel like it was originally intended for Jean
        No, Jean’s “signature” weapon is supposed to be the Aquila Favonia… for obvious reasons. Does the passive fit her? Nay, not at all. But those were back in the days when people thought Bennett was bad, so it was a weird time anyway.
            You could say just as well that her signature is Favonius Sword, it's the weapon she has in most depictions.
                Bennett + Traveler’s Handy Sword pog

I mean, there’s no real point in arguing which weapon is designed for who and what their “signature weapons” are, because at that point Diluc is using a 1* Claymore (unless you have his 30 USD skin) and the Traveler is using a lvl 70 Dull Blade.
                    True, or Yun Jin with Dragon's Bane xD
            the passive fits her perfectly because they both hurt and heal at the same time and Anemo/physical hybrid Jean is the way she was meant to be played **you can't change my mind**
            The passive fits her quite well. Increase ATK%, heal based on ATK, deal damage based on ATK, it even has a high Base ATK for all the ATK% to result in even more ATK. It's the substat that doesn't match Jean, and who knows maybe Jean was intended to be a Physical DPS but Anemo ended up being much stronger.
        I read somewhere that Freedom Sworn was originally, at one point was meant for Albedo when Mihoyo was considering an EM/Crystallise angle that never went any further (which is also why Albedo can reliably proc its passive??). I don't remember where I read it or if it's actually true though. 90% sure it was on reddit. Maybe.
guess I'll take the hit and say I do not like it at all, I don't know what about strings on sobp and eula fits together, also the blue is too light in some spots and the entire weapon looks way too thick and uneven for such an elegant character, the gold also doesn't fit, but I suppose there aren't really any good looking claymores except wgs which unfortunately is the opposite of eula's design, but guess I'll take skyward pride which looks a little better on eula than sobp
Isn't there a 4 star naginata?
    Yeah, wavebreaker fin
[deleted]
    Would they? I like it but seems like a weird thing to complain about on the absence of it.
        I don’t think they would, its just reddit being reddit. There is always a devils advocate or contrarian somewhere
I think a generic regional design would be great for 4 star weapons instead. I can't imagine hoe much it sucks to be say a Yoimiya main and have a neon purple signature weapon
    I don't mind at all. Both Mistsplitter and Thunder Pulse look great even if they don't look at all like their characters.
Exactly. So was the rest of the Inazuman weapon series, and that's my point. It's a crime that Amenoma looks much better on Ayaka than her actual signature weapon, Mistsplitter's color and design are such a mismatch that Hoyo was even ashamed to put it in her trailer.
    >Amenoma looks much better on Ayaka than her actual signature weapon, Mistsplitter's color and design are such a mismatch that Hoyo was even ashamed to put it in her trailer.

Kazuha's fillet blade: Bonjour.
        I hate the fact that Kazuha's BiS is a Mondstadt Series weapon AND it's a BLUE and GOLD color scheme for a RED, WHITE and BLACK color scheme character
            That's because it isn't kazuha's motif weapon. It's jeans, she was the one wielding it during the first GAA trailer.
                Jean has Aquila Favonia tho?
                    So? Venti had skyward harp which is also mismatched with his kit. At least FS matches jean. You can't say the same for Elegy for venti.
                        Accept the word of our lord and savior Venti as crit DPS with faruzan >!/s!<
                        Harp matches venti's archon form tho(the one where he's half naked). Maybe if we get a skin in the future it'll fit better.
                            They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
                    Aquila is for normal Jean. Freedom Sworn is for Summer Jean specifically since their color schemes match
    I mean... From a lore point of view, Ei made them so it's normal for them to look similar. Ayaka doesn't even seem to officialy own Mistpliter in lore either, unless it's a weird case like Ganyu where we saw her with Amos in a cutscene with no explanation. Also Donut isn't part of the Narukami series, Kagura's verity is, and I think it's a good match for Yae honestly.
    Anemona is so good on Ayaka I think they even had it in her character trailer so it is kinda her true signature
    Yunjin has Dragon's Bane on her official art, but that spear makes no sense on her stat-wise. Maybe they should just release transmog system instead of misleading people
Yeah it fits her really well, a weapon being part of a series doesn't always mean it doesn't fit the character design
That's the point tho. She was most likely the one to make it.
And donut isn't
Jade cutter looks better on alhaitham than his signature, the green is closer to his outfit and the sharp edges fit him better than his sig, imo.
Imo xiphos is much better looking for alhaitham, the silver lining is that his other sword is Also a bright Green instead of a teal like everything else in his design
what about nilou, I'm not sure but it kinda look like it's too thick for her to wag it around in the air like that
    Yeah it doesn't look good on her but my point is opposing the statement " only looks good on one character, usually being the archon"
>Who is Lost Prayer even tailor-made for? 

Yanfei
What's the problem of making matching weapon and add a necessary lore? Let's say you want to talk about Rabbits but you draw a Fox. You can say the Fox lives in a forest with Rabbits and Rabbits are. Plus noone knows how Rabbit and Fox look like.
    The weapon is for world-building. This means expanding the history of the world. You can only match that to the character if the character has a past that is relevant to said lore.

There's **no** inherent problem in matching. That's why we have the likes of Homa which has been used for cleansing rituals for a long time, and matches Hu Tao's story as the 78th Head of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.

However, Genshin is not a game where every character is the next special being of the century. There are a lot of mundane characters too, and while their current job and personality may be interesting, there's not much about their past or heritage that connect to key historical events, and it shouldn't.

It would be ridiculous if every character that stumbles upon a key historical object, decided to reforge and repaint the object in accordance to their favorite outfit.
        ok, let's see Nilou. She has that Key sword. It suppose to be a cherry on top for her to help selling her. But it looks garbage on her. But it has a lore about desert, Jinni and so on. We have stoneslates, pillars, some dairies, murals - all about this same lore. If you really need 5 more weapons as a crucial piece of lore then something is wrong with your writers. Add one more stoneslate. And give Nilou elegant sword that has some history about dancing craft.
        uhm, vision holders by default are the so called next special being of the century. each of them

&#x200B;

edit:  


also, you can have all that lore added in different ways, you can still have visually matching signature weapons that give valuable lore, they are not mutually exclusive.

&#x200B;

and on that same note let me remind you that target number 1 for genshin design is to sell something to the player.  not lore building or anything else.  if it can get sales it WILL break as many previously implied rules as it needs to, if it will earn more.
That would be great, honestly.
You mean transmog? That would be cool but i doubt Hoyo will unlock it for every weapons. They might just make it available if you have those weapons only
    Thats exactly what it is like if you have 2 weapons and hate the better weapons design you can put any other weapon over it
    Isn't that how transmog usually works?
    I'm fine with that. There's ALOT of good looking free weapons. Like the Inazuma craftable set.
[deleted]
    Because they'd never do it, unfortunately. Zhonglis spear looks so good on him, I'd pull r1 just to change his homa to it.
    I wouldn’t downvote you, but I can see why people hate Costume Gear systems.  If implemented right they’re good.  But I’ve played two MMO games that came out with Costume Gear to remedy this very problem. 

The issue came when they started adding bonus little stats or effects to the Costume Gear as a cash grab.  Then suddenly it just became another entire set of gear you had to maintain to do good damage. And everyone looked the same again chasing meta.
        I only know games which treat them completely cosmetic. And I don't even see a Problem for co-op because there could be options to disable the costume gear of others. In Dissidia Final Fantasy Opera Omnia many people use weapon "gloss" and no one cares.
    In a game so focused on world building and lore, where you don't even have mismatched sets of armors, transmog just doesn't feel right to me.

However, I won't understand why people are so against it when they can just ignore it, it's not even pvp to say you're being deceived by it.
    I would 100% get kokomi’s signature just so I can do that
Zhongli's spear and catalyst look cool, but yeah, they are not great at all.
The weapons are dogshit but I actually like how they look a lot.  Vortex Vanquisher is just generally cool, Unforged is a big derpy lightsaber and Summit Shaper looks kinda cool too, its glowing blade makes it look almost like it's a sci-fi weapon.  Memory of Dust is kinda boring looking though.

Unforged is the only weapon I have that I actually bring out in overworld solely for drip lol.
They look great with no ascension.
Yeah, I lowkey prefer the deshret series over them because at least those ones look unique.
Yeah their all pretty dogshit compared to other alternatives lol
Vortex Vanquisher is useless on Zhongli and outclassed by multiple options on every other polearm character. The others in the series, at least, all have some slightly niche use as good options for on-field DPS characters allowing you to run Zhongli as a substitute Bennett. (Of course, other options with Bennett are often better, but if he's tied up on the other side of the Abyss or you need to avoid pyro for some reason...)
    If only Vortex had an HP substat instead of ATK…
        vortex just had to give zl HP and have a passive that gives shield strength party wide. tadaa. but noooooo, muh set wide passive >:c
            The set wide passive doesn’t even make any sense since the Skyward weapons already don’t do that.
but putting key on nilou was a really bad decision it doesn't match her looks of style whatsoever
Exactly lol, how tf is then even a "problem".
    Why does it matter to you? You're okay with the multi-billion dollar corporation slacking with weapon designs?
        Its for lore reasons, i find series weapons to be way cooler than dedicated designs because in-game characters are not even really supposed to have special weapons made with their cloth colors in mind in the first place.
Also, idk how you worry about this and call it a problem while there are so many other bigger things wrong that need fixing lol.
        Imo the "boring regional designs" are better then most "one of a kind" weapons

Weapons in genshin also are a medium for lore. Look at the inazuman weapons for example. All crafted by ei and all portraying parts of Inazuman (folk)lore

Being a signature/BIS ≠ being tailor made.

Look at ayaka for example. Her BIS and signature is Mistsplitter, but her in lore weapon, which is more or less tailormade for her, is Amenoma

To me the 5* weapon series are a non issue
        I would choose most of the designs on the right before Wanderers weapon, Aquila or Kaguras verity.
It's actually Ei.. Inazuma Polearm and sword combat as well as the blade forging process originated from her..
Mistsplitter looks so bad. Especially on Ayaka.
    L take. 

Mistsplitter + Keqing (especially with her alt costume) is the drippiest look I've ever seen in this game outside of the other characters with their signature weapons.
        But he's talking about Ayaka ?
            i know. 

he said Mistsplitter looks bad and i disagree, so i used Mist + Keqing combo drip to prove my point.
[deleted]
    >And I think it's a crime that Amenoma looks much better on Ayaka than her actual signature weapon,

Cause Amenoma is her in lore weapon

>Mistsplitter's color and design are such a mismatch that Hoyo was even ashamed to put it in her trailer.

That's not the reason she uses Amenoma in her trailers...
Yeah pretty funny to me

>OP complaints about "generic regional designs" 

>puts a "generic regional design" weapon in the category of "good original weapons" and a "good original weapon" in the "generic regional designs" category
    Not even that, mf put jade cutter on sumeru archon series and jade spear on Millenial Movement series.
        I think, that they are supposed to be seperated from the others

Idk why OP didn't expand the list or made the icons smaller to fit another row tho
        [deleted]
Yeah, how dare tose pesky players ask for less lazy designs for the weapons they pay for.
Miko's catalyst is the one actually matching the set, the donut is its own thing. Maybe that will be part of a second series in the future.
There is the watatsumi series in the 4*s
It’s technically meant for Childe before they made Polar Star for him.
Jade Series is a thing, and yes it has to do with liyue. Just read the story of the Spear.
It belongs to the "primordial jade" series with PJC.
    Ooh I somehow thought the sword below it was Sumeru related, I see now
It’s im the same series with Jade Cutter, its debut partner. We also have reasons to believe of a claymore version that has been shelved for a future character like Yelan’s and Kokomi’s.
Zhongli forged it for Xiao a long time ago
I totally agree about PJWS and Xiao. Jade Cutter doesn't really fit anyone perfectly, but i'm giving it a pass, since it's not a signature weapon for anyone.
    sorry but my dendro lumine would like to counter that. also al haitham looks better with pjc than his signature😭
It is his signature weapon........
They’re saying that although PJWS fits Xiao, the other weapon in its series PJC sword (shown beneath the PJWS) doesn’t fit any of Liyue’s sword characters
[deleted]
    Can’t agree on hunter’s path, it looks beautiful imo.
    Can't agree on Nilou's paddle. The brown scheme really fits her aesthetic
    I think they both look cool af. Unforged gets my vote for the ugliest.
I did, that's what the post is about.
Haran is not a Watasumi weapon
You mean those Watatsumi weapons? The wave design cues are a bit similar, but no, they have nothing to do with each other lore wise.
    [You are correct](https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Watatsumi_Series)
Okay on Cyno to compliment his Anubis look.
Cyno’s is based on the sekhem scepter. Anubis was often depicted with it in hieroglyphs, so really it matches Cyno perfectly!
Dehya and cyno's look pretty fitting on them.
Beacon fits Dehya, spear fits Cyno (and to some degree Candace too)
[deleted]
It's most likely because weapon on Inazuma are mostly crafted and founded by Ei..
Lore reason. The inazuman series was crafted by ei

If you want her asthetic signature you have Amenoma
    The lore doesn't matter. I am talking about aesthetics alone. If we had model swaps and just give mistsplitter the design of Amenoma, then it would be okay.
        I explained to you, why Ayakas signature is an electro weapon.

And if we swapped design of Amenoma and Mistsplitter, then people would complain, that the design for it is subpar
            Yeah, I understood that. But that doesn't change my feelings. I still dislike it. 

Oh, that's not what I meant. I mean something like skins. Like, the ability to change the appearance of your weapon to any other you own. So, just a simple model swap, and the stats would stay the same.
Kaguras is part of the inazuman series, while donut isn't
Craftables got 4 sets
The mechanicals, like whiteblind, iron sting and pike
The prototypes
The Inazuma craftables
And the branches
Sorry my bad England
I just treat moonglow as inazuma adjacent since the design might be more related to Enkanomiya
They have different codename. Kagura belongs to the Narukami set. Donut's codename is Kaleido
Moonglow definitely does not fit the set. It doesn’t even follow the same design philosophy
But it's pretty. Just like Kokomi.
Yeah it's basically a Homer Simpson donut but a bit more decorated
They both match the color, sure, but the moonglow definitely has a different design.
Lmfao no, why would that even matter ?

Kagura literally has the same design elements as EL/Mist/TP... And the early designs of Kagura/Mist/TP were all tagged as part [Narukami series](https://preview.redd.it/wwb8nkanxqg61.jpg?width=4096&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=331d7e48cd34936f59fac9285aca09775f4fc45a) all the way back in 1.0.
But I will say they both easily look like they could be apart of the set
Yeah the matcha donut is also getting dragged out of the basement, only the claymore and bow are left. Hopefully the Archon-slaying polearm will also see the light of day and be the signature weapon of one of the future playable harbinger.
    I also hope that they bring out Keqing's splash art sword, but Lion's roar is already used for her so the chances of bringing it out are getting slim.
        Isnt is the sword from the royal series ?
            What?  [No, it is far from it](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.redd.it%2Fzfe0eirhrkb71.png&tbnid=fHLsBWLRL6zcCM&vet=1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FGenshin_Impact_Leaks%2Fcomments%2Folgn1k%2Fkeqings_weapon_starseeker_is_free_for_21%2F&docid=g62-plASJHFIaM&w=512&h=256&itg=1&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim)
ttds is good enough support weapon imo, polearms are the ones that need a millennial movement representative
    Would love a five star equivalent without the dead HP secondary stat.
        There are a pretty good chunk of characters where the HP stat isn't dead tbh
I'll be perfectly happy with no new weapons in those series and also no new series of 5-star weapons at all, every new weapon being a visual match to some charcter.  

Which is also the point of the OP.
according to leaks, Jade series is getting a new weapon, funnily enough it's inferior or equivalent to prototype amber on character it's meant for
    What part of "jade ball getting added" yall don't unserstand😭😭😭
        i didn't roll reading comprehension on the gacha
            I did roll for reading comprehension but all I got was DEF.
                everything rolls as def

except when you want def. that's where the EM comes in
                    what if i want EM
                        Flat hp take it or leave it
            Bruh
    Kokomi doughnut flashbacks
Ganyu to bows like xiangling to spears lol
    Rust
        Exception
It's still her best bow if you're just playing Freeze or want 1 bow that performs really well in both
    Hence "best *universal* weapon until Hunter's Path came out" lol
What if... it was a mix of both?
They made the handle slightly darker
why would it have been named Qilin Horn then
    name of the weapon doesn't have to indicate it's intended user. there is no such rule.
        Sure but Ganyu is supposed to be a form of a Qilin, a Chinese mythological creature. The name could've been a placeholder. Who really knows
Having a the same color scheme (she’s literally hydro so she there was an 80% chance of her being blue anyway) and having a matching design element on her jacket doesn’t really sound like a big restriction.
Considering Mitternacht Waltz debuted in Honkai before it was added with Genshin... maybe you're onto something here...
This is a bot that steal comments, here is the original: https://www.reddit.com/r/Genshin_Impact/comments/11weabg/my_biggest_problem_with_5_star_weapons_is_not_the/jcxkbsq?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
The umbrella looks cool as hell, but yeah, i wish my character who's described as a sword master had... A sword
A series with very sharp edges, electro designs and bright purple coloration. Yes the catalyst from that series is 100% the weapon with 0 shap edges, wave designs and pink, lilac and blue coloration
It's cause of the release timing. Since Raiden and Kokomi released back to back, and the donut's aesthetic is fairly similar to that of the Inazuma series, its fair to see why the confusion can come in
And makes a nice platter for scones and cakes. Like cmonnnnn
Also it'd be kinda ironic for Koko's weapon to be the regional one when watatsumi is spearate from main inazuma
I think its cuz it looks like a cat toy and not like a normal catalyst
    it’s inspired by kagura suzu, a musical instrument used in a ritual dance by shrine maidens in Japan. i think it couldn’t be more fitting for a shrine maiden’s catalyst
Because the center circle looks like a donut.
It's not, it has a different shade of purple and wouldn't make any sense lore wise. Why would the priestess of watatsumi have a weapon belonging to the god that killed orobashi?
In beta leaks old version of kagura, pulse and mist splitter were called "Narukami" while moonglow was called "Kaleido"
    [deleted]
        The giveaways are the softer purple, smoother shape and red tassel accessories. When ascended past stage 2, it also gains a bit of blue colouration.
It is. Donut is Kaleido series while TP, Grasscutter, Kagura and MS are Narukami series in the files.
Bruh the handle is literally almost the same as the mistsplitter
You're matching the weapon to the character then deciding if it is part of a series, you should do it the other way round

Doesn't matter if it fits Yae aesthetically, it's part of the Narukami series based on the similarity from the other weapons in the series, and to Beelzebul
Yes, it's a Shinto Bell. But it's also in the same design as the Inazuma Weapon Series. They all have that pointy electric design. It's just that in Kagura it runs in the z-axis. Whereas in the Donut it's donned with fins rather than the pointy electrical thing. It might not match with Kokomi's color, but it's definitely fish-like.
The fact that it fits with Yae's design doesn't mean that it's not part of the Narukami series like the grasscutter and mistsplitter
"Watasumi" and "Inazuma" are culturally distinct. Putting the donut together with the other Inazuma weapons makes no sense
Look at Yaes weapon from underneath and you’ll see the electro sigil that makes me think it’s an inazuma series weapon.
Yeah I'm just saying I'm willing to overlook that if the weapon is that pretty
    Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Another example would be Nilou and Key. I think the contrast fits surprisingly well but many find it ugly because it's round at the tip and has a different color palette than herself.
        Yeah I feel the same. Contrast in color is nice and is sometimes more visually appealing than matching colors where the weapons just blinds in.but I think the series nilou weapon is from kinda ugly so I don't like it.
            I'm okay with it on Nilou, but so far the only one that makes sense thematically for me in that series was Cyno. I'm kind of considering having her use Ayato's katana just for the drip factor.
        >Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Meanwhile, I'm over here using the fish sword on Diluc because I wanted to see a roasted fish every time he uses a skill.
        Genuinely the key is unironically in my top 5 prettiest genshin swords
            i really like the key on Nilou, looks more like a ceremonial tool that she would wield in a rite or sth
                I agree with this thread, and enjoyed reading the thoughts of fellow like minded individuals. Key drip on Nilou is *chef's kiss*
                    It goes well with her horns and i think thats good enough

Kind of how harán goes with her eyes
                        Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
        Mistsplitter doesn’t look bad on anyone. It’s just pretty
        No people aren't trying to match colors too much. Contrasting weapon colors *can* be nice, but mistsplitter looks awful on Ayaka. It doesn't contrast; it clashes. The red Kazuha story sword actually contrasts and looks much better on her. They even used Amenoma Kageuchi in her demo, because mistsplitter looks garish and completely out of place.
            The Amenoma looks waaaay better on her, hands-down.
    I think the big GPU fan on the weapons looks so bad, without it they'd be pretty
I mean this point kind of misses that the entire Inazuma set is designed after the Shogun intentionally, because that's the entire theme of Inazuma.
    Yeah, specially because the Inazuma set is made by Ei herself if I'm not wrong.

Of course with the exception of the Donut.
    Eh that really only holds water if we've got an excuse for Mondstadt, Liyue, and Sumeru weapons.

Edit: I took that to mean "for lore reasons, they are all made the same because Ei is controlling". Which doesn't really explain the same way for the other sets imho 🤷‍♀️
        I see absolutely no reason for why that would be a requirement.  


The Raiden Shogun is explicitly the basis for Inazuman Martial arts and weaponsmithing, so specific old weapons sharing design cues with minor differences based on individual smiths is exactly what would be expected.
        We do.

The Mondstat series of weapons are made/blessed by Venti, inspired by Dvalin's victory of Durin and his being cured by the Traveler. (The sword specifically is basically "For us")

Liyue is Rex Lapis weapons, from the Archon wars (Guess he doesn't like bows)

Inazuma is Raiden weapons, as she is the origin of all martial arts in Inazuma (guess she doesn't like claymores)

And of course, Sumeru has two lines: One created for the followers of King Desheret, and one based on Greater Lord Kusanali
            >Guess he doesn't like bows

Funnily, he apparently made both the Liyue and the Jade series, and from their leaked descriptions it seems he personally made and used the bows of both sets>! (The Jade bow against Xiao's master, the Liyue bow on the Chasm fight against Azhdaha)!<.

The only ones I can't confirm he used or made are the catalyst (Memory of Dust is directly stated was made by Guizhong, not him).
The Deshret series looks somewhat matching i guess except for the cricket bat on Nilou
    The spear definitely fits Cyno since it makes him look ready to paddle his boat down the nile river, perfectly fits the Egyptian vibe.
    She got Deshret as her bat sponsor after hitting her maiden ton in front of the Akademiya.
    [deleted]
        Even if the Cricket bat is amazing on her it does not match her at all. Xiphos Sword looks better on her than the cricket bat.
What you mean, it's Keqing's weapon, and it fits her perfectly.


/s
Mistsplitter kinda fits with Ayaka's new skin
    Ayaka's new skin doesn't even match herself 🍵
my mistsplitter stays on kq no matter how much people tell me to give it to ayaya
    I actually gave Keqing my Amenoma instead. And Lisa got the Hakushin so that someone was using it. Too pretty to not get used!
    Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well.
Literally the main reason to this day I still don't have Thundering Pulse is because I think Rust looks better on Yoimiya.

Still upset with Nilou too, her weapon just doesn't look good even in general, not just for her, give it a banger design like Haran for Ayato and I would have pulled for it.
Kokomi’s Donut is not part of the inazuma series. It is either Watatsumi or Enkanomiya origin based from its passive name “Byakuya Kougetsu”, sounds familiar?
    Look at one of my comments above, i know this, op thought it was the inazuma series catalyst
        Ohh I see
            user name based
Full-Time DPS Vape Barbara:

Bennet + Xianling + Barbara + Sucrose/Kazuha (idk). Inflict Hydro, use Anemo skill, use Bennet's and Xianling's bursts, use Barbara's charged attack.

I don't know if it actually works, cuz I just made it up.
Considering her burst animation, she might've been designed to be a 5-star originally
No??? So much white and a light blue that is inexistent in her design
    Things don't necessarily need same/similar colors to look good together.
It really is a shame that it doesn't look like that red sword you get from his Character Story, it feels so weird to see a Mondstadt blue weapon on him lol
    Yep, it's design is perfect, it was such a waste. They could have given this sword the same passive and EM substats as they gave the Yokai umbrella sword and both Kazuha and Kuki mains would have been so much happier.
        That's why I gave him the umbrella. Perfect for a traveler.
I speculate that Freedom Sworn is Summer Jean's weapon before it was repurposed as Kazuha's BiS cuz he was being released in the same patch.

You even see Summer Jean using it in the trailer at one point.
    Considering how weird it'd be to give a new weapon just because of a skin, is likely the intention was that it would be her new signature if not BiS (like happened to Tartaglia, whose signature used to be Rust before he was given Polar Star), but for some reason they changed their mind and gave it to Kazuha as his signature instead (the likely reason being that they realized they didn't have a 5\* sword with EM ready for him, it was easier to change the stats of the soon-to-release weapon and put it on his banner) .
For the longest time I thought he didn't have a signature weapon until I actually looked it up and realized just how horribly mismatched they are
I feel like it was originally intended for Jean
    No, Jean’s “signature” weapon is supposed to be the Aquila Favonia… for obvious reasons. Does the passive fit her? Nay, not at all. But those were back in the days when people thought Bennett was bad, so it was a weird time anyway.
        You could say just as well that her signature is Favonius Sword, it's the weapon she has in most depictions.
            Bennett + Traveler’s Handy Sword pog

I mean, there’s no real point in arguing which weapon is designed for who and what their “signature weapons” are, because at that point Diluc is using a 1* Claymore (unless you have his 30 USD skin) and the Traveler is using a lvl 70 Dull Blade.
                True, or Yun Jin with Dragon's Bane xD
        the passive fits her perfectly because they both hurt and heal at the same time and Anemo/physical hybrid Jean is the way she was meant to be played **you can't change my mind**
        The passive fits her quite well. Increase ATK%, heal based on ATK, deal damage based on ATK, it even has a high Base ATK for all the ATK% to result in even more ATK. It's the substat that doesn't match Jean, and who knows maybe Jean was intended to be a Physical DPS but Anemo ended up being much stronger.
    I read somewhere that Freedom Sworn was originally, at one point was meant for Albedo when Mihoyo was considering an EM/Crystallise angle that never went any further (which is also why Albedo can reliably proc its passive??). I don't remember where I read it or if it's actually true though. 90% sure it was on reddit. Maybe.
Yeah, wavebreaker fin
Would they? I like it but seems like a weird thing to complain about on the absence of it.
    I don’t think they would, its just reddit being reddit. There is always a devils advocate or contrarian somewhere
I don't mind at all. Both Mistsplitter and Thunder Pulse look great even if they don't look at all like their characters.
>Amenoma looks much better on Ayaka than her actual signature weapon, Mistsplitter's color and design are such a mismatch that Hoyo was even ashamed to put it in her trailer.

Kazuha's fillet blade: Bonjour.
    I hate the fact that Kazuha's BiS is a Mondstadt Series weapon AND it's a BLUE and GOLD color scheme for a RED, WHITE and BLACK color scheme character
        That's because it isn't kazuha's motif weapon. It's jeans, she was the one wielding it during the first GAA trailer.
            Jean has Aquila Favonia tho?
                So? Venti had skyward harp which is also mismatched with his kit. At least FS matches jean. You can't say the same for Elegy for venti.
                    Accept the word of our lord and savior Venti as crit DPS with faruzan >!/s!<
                    Harp matches venti's archon form tho(the one where he's half naked). Maybe if we get a skin in the future it'll fit better.
                        They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
                Aquila is for normal Jean. Freedom Sworn is for Summer Jean specifically since their color schemes match
I mean... From a lore point of view, Ei made them so it's normal for them to look similar. Ayaka doesn't even seem to officialy own Mistpliter in lore either, unless it's a weird case like Ganyu where we saw her with Amos in a cutscene with no explanation. Also Donut isn't part of the Narukami series, Kagura's verity is, and I think it's a good match for Yae honestly.
Anemona is so good on Ayaka I think they even had it in her character trailer so it is kinda her true signature
Yunjin has Dragon's Bane on her official art, but that spear makes no sense on her stat-wise. Maybe they should just release transmog system instead of misleading people
Yeah it doesn't look good on her but my point is opposing the statement " only looks good on one character, usually being the archon"
The weapon is for world-building. This means expanding the history of the world. You can only match that to the character if the character has a past that is relevant to said lore.

There's **no** inherent problem in matching. That's why we have the likes of Homa which has been used for cleansing rituals for a long time, and matches Hu Tao's story as the 78th Head of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.

However, Genshin is not a game where every character is the next special being of the century. There are a lot of mundane characters too, and while their current job and personality may be interesting, there's not much about their past or heritage that connect to key historical events, and it shouldn't.

It would be ridiculous if every character that stumbles upon a key historical object, decided to reforge and repaint the object in accordance to their favorite outfit.
    ok, let's see Nilou. She has that Key sword. It suppose to be a cherry on top for her to help selling her. But it looks garbage on her. But it has a lore about desert, Jinni and so on. We have stoneslates, pillars, some dairies, murals - all about this same lore. If you really need 5 more weapons as a crucial piece of lore then something is wrong with your writers. Add one more stoneslate. And give Nilou elegant sword that has some history about dancing craft.
    uhm, vision holders by default are the so called next special being of the century. each of them

&#x200B;

edit:  


also, you can have all that lore added in different ways, you can still have visually matching signature weapons that give valuable lore, they are not mutually exclusive.

&#x200B;

and on that same note let me remind you that target number 1 for genshin design is to sell something to the player.  not lore building or anything else.  if it can get sales it WILL break as many previously implied rules as it needs to, if it will earn more.
Thats exactly what it is like if you have 2 weapons and hate the better weapons design you can put any other weapon over it
Isn't that how transmog usually works?
I'm fine with that. There's ALOT of good looking free weapons. Like the Inazuma craftable set.
Because they'd never do it, unfortunately. Zhonglis spear looks so good on him, I'd pull r1 just to change his homa to it.
I wouldn’t downvote you, but I can see why people hate Costume Gear systems.  If implemented right they’re good.  But I’ve played two MMO games that came out with Costume Gear to remedy this very problem. 

The issue came when they started adding bonus little stats or effects to the Costume Gear as a cash grab.  Then suddenly it just became another entire set of gear you had to maintain to do good damage. And everyone looked the same again chasing meta.
    I only know games which treat them completely cosmetic. And I don't even see a Problem for co-op because there could be options to disable the costume gear of others. In Dissidia Final Fantasy Opera Omnia many people use weapon "gloss" and no one cares.
In a game so focused on world building and lore, where you don't even have mismatched sets of armors, transmog just doesn't feel right to me.

However, I won't understand why people are so against it when they can just ignore it, it's not even pvp to say you're being deceived by it.
I would 100% get kokomi’s signature just so I can do that
If only Vortex had an HP substat instead of ATK…
    vortex just had to give zl HP and have a passive that gives shield strength party wide. tadaa. but noooooo, muh set wide passive >:c
        The set wide passive doesn’t even make any sense since the Skyward weapons already don’t do that.
Why does it matter to you? You're okay with the multi-billion dollar corporation slacking with weapon designs?
    Its for lore reasons, i find series weapons to be way cooler than dedicated designs because in-game characters are not even really supposed to have special weapons made with their cloth colors in mind in the first place.
Also, idk how you worry about this and call it a problem while there are so many other bigger things wrong that need fixing lol.
    Imo the "boring regional designs" are better then most "one of a kind" weapons

Weapons in genshin also are a medium for lore. Look at the inazuman weapons for example. All crafted by ei and all portraying parts of Inazuman (folk)lore

Being a signature/BIS ≠ being tailor made.

Look at ayaka for example. Her BIS and signature is Mistsplitter, but her in lore weapon, which is more or less tailormade for her, is Amenoma

To me the 5* weapon series are a non issue
    I would choose most of the designs on the right before Wanderers weapon, Aquila or Kaguras verity.
L take. 

Mistsplitter + Keqing (especially with her alt costume) is the drippiest look I've ever seen in this game outside of the other characters with their signature weapons.
    But he's talking about Ayaka ?
        i know. 

he said Mistsplitter looks bad and i disagree, so i used Mist + Keqing combo drip to prove my point.
>And I think it's a crime that Amenoma looks much better on Ayaka than her actual signature weapon,

Cause Amenoma is her in lore weapon

>Mistsplitter's color and design are such a mismatch that Hoyo was even ashamed to put it in her trailer.

That's not the reason she uses Amenoma in her trailers...
Not even that, mf put jade cutter on sumeru archon series and jade spear on Millenial Movement series.
    I think, that they are supposed to be seperated from the others

Idk why OP didn't expand the list or made the icons smaller to fit another row tho
    [deleted]
Ooh I somehow thought the sword below it was Sumeru related, I see now
sorry but my dendro lumine would like to counter that. also al haitham looks better with pjc than his signature😭
Can’t agree on hunter’s path, it looks beautiful imo.
Can't agree on Nilou's paddle. The brown scheme really fits her aesthetic
I think they both look cool af. Unforged gets my vote for the ugliest.
[You are correct](https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Watatsumi_Series)
The lore doesn't matter. I am talking about aesthetics alone. If we had model swaps and just give mistsplitter the design of Amenoma, then it would be okay.
    I explained to you, why Ayakas signature is an electro weapon.

And if we swapped design of Amenoma and Mistsplitter, then people would complain, that the design for it is subpar
        Yeah, I understood that. But that doesn't change my feelings. I still dislike it. 

Oh, that's not what I meant. I mean something like skins. Like, the ability to change the appearance of your weapon to any other you own. So, just a simple model swap, and the stats would stay the same.
I also hope that they bring out Keqing's splash art sword, but Lion's roar is already used for her so the chances of bringing it out are getting slim.
    Isnt is the sword from the royal series ?
        What?  [No, it is far from it](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.redd.it%2Fzfe0eirhrkb71.png&tbnid=fHLsBWLRL6zcCM&vet=1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FGenshin_Impact_Leaks%2Fcomments%2Folgn1k%2Fkeqings_weapon_starseeker_is_free_for_21%2F&docid=g62-plASJHFIaM&w=512&h=256&itg=1&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim)
Would love a five star equivalent without the dead HP secondary stat.
    There are a pretty good chunk of characters where the HP stat isn't dead tbh
What part of "jade ball getting added" yall don't unserstand😭😭😭
    i didn't roll reading comprehension on the gacha
        I did roll for reading comprehension but all I got was DEF.
            everything rolls as def

except when you want def. that's where the EM comes in
                what if i want EM
                    Flat hp take it or leave it
        Bruh
Kokomi doughnut flashbacks
Rust
    Exception
Hence "best *universal* weapon until Hunter's Path came out" lol
name of the weapon doesn't have to indicate it's intended user. there is no such rule.
    Sure but Ganyu is supposed to be a form of a Qilin, a Chinese mythological creature. The name could've been a placeholder. Who really knows
it’s inspired by kagura suzu, a musical instrument used in a ritual dance by shrine maidens in Japan. i think it couldn’t be more fitting for a shrine maiden’s catalyst
[deleted]
    The giveaways are the softer purple, smoother shape and red tassel accessories. When ascended past stage 2, it also gains a bit of blue colouration.
Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Another example would be Nilou and Key. I think the contrast fits surprisingly well but many find it ugly because it's round at the tip and has a different color palette than herself.
    Yeah I feel the same. Contrast in color is nice and is sometimes more visually appealing than matching colors where the weapons just blinds in.but I think the series nilou weapon is from kinda ugly so I don't like it.
        I'm okay with it on Nilou, but so far the only one that makes sense thematically for me in that series was Cyno. I'm kind of considering having her use Ayato's katana just for the drip factor.
    >Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Meanwhile, I'm over here using the fish sword on Diluc because I wanted to see a roasted fish every time he uses a skill.
    Genuinely the key is unironically in my top 5 prettiest genshin swords
        i really like the key on Nilou, looks more like a ceremonial tool that she would wield in a rite or sth
            I agree with this thread, and enjoyed reading the thoughts of fellow like minded individuals. Key drip on Nilou is *chef's kiss*
                It goes well with her horns and i think thats good enough

Kind of how harán goes with her eyes
                    Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
    Mistsplitter doesn’t look bad on anyone. It’s just pretty
    No people aren't trying to match colors too much. Contrasting weapon colors *can* be nice, but mistsplitter looks awful on Ayaka. It doesn't contrast; it clashes. The red Kazuha story sword actually contrasts and looks much better on her. They even used Amenoma Kageuchi in her demo, because mistsplitter looks garish and completely out of place.
        The Amenoma looks waaaay better on her, hands-down.
I think the big GPU fan on the weapons looks so bad, without it they'd be pretty
Yeah, specially because the Inazuma set is made by Ei herself if I'm not wrong.

Of course with the exception of the Donut.
Eh that really only holds water if we've got an excuse for Mondstadt, Liyue, and Sumeru weapons.

Edit: I took that to mean "for lore reasons, they are all made the same because Ei is controlling". Which doesn't really explain the same way for the other sets imho 🤷‍♀️
    I see absolutely no reason for why that would be a requirement.  


The Raiden Shogun is explicitly the basis for Inazuman Martial arts and weaponsmithing, so specific old weapons sharing design cues with minor differences based on individual smiths is exactly what would be expected.
    We do.

The Mondstat series of weapons are made/blessed by Venti, inspired by Dvalin's victory of Durin and his being cured by the Traveler. (The sword specifically is basically "For us")

Liyue is Rex Lapis weapons, from the Archon wars (Guess he doesn't like bows)

Inazuma is Raiden weapons, as she is the origin of all martial arts in Inazuma (guess she doesn't like claymores)

And of course, Sumeru has two lines: One created for the followers of King Desheret, and one based on Greater Lord Kusanali
        >Guess he doesn't like bows

Funnily, he apparently made both the Liyue and the Jade series, and from their leaked descriptions it seems he personally made and used the bows of both sets>! (The Jade bow against Xiao's master, the Liyue bow on the Chasm fight against Azhdaha)!<.

The only ones I can't confirm he used or made are the catalyst (Memory of Dust is directly stated was made by Guizhong, not him).
The spear definitely fits Cyno since it makes him look ready to paddle his boat down the nile river, perfectly fits the Egyptian vibe.
She got Deshret as her bat sponsor after hitting her maiden ton in front of the Akademiya.
[deleted]
    Even if the Cricket bat is amazing on her it does not match her at all. Xiphos Sword looks better on her than the cricket bat.
Ayaka's new skin doesn't even match herself 🍵
I actually gave Keqing my Amenoma instead. And Lisa got the Hakushin so that someone was using it. Too pretty to not get used!
Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well.
Look at one of my comments above, i know this, op thought it was the inazuma series catalyst
    Ohh I see
        user name based
Things don't necessarily need same/similar colors to look good together.
Yep, it's design is perfect, it was such a waste. They could have given this sword the same passive and EM substats as they gave the Yokai umbrella sword and both Kazuha and Kuki mains would have been so much happier.
    That's why I gave him the umbrella. Perfect for a traveler.
Considering how weird it'd be to give a new weapon just because of a skin, is likely the intention was that it would be her new signature if not BiS (like happened to Tartaglia, whose signature used to be Rust before he was given Polar Star), but for some reason they changed their mind and gave it to Kazuha as his signature instead (the likely reason being that they realized they didn't have a 5\* sword with EM ready for him, it was easier to change the stats of the soon-to-release weapon and put it on his banner) .
No, Jean’s “signature” weapon is supposed to be the Aquila Favonia… for obvious reasons. Does the passive fit her? Nay, not at all. But those were back in the days when people thought Bennett was bad, so it was a weird time anyway.
    You could say just as well that her signature is Favonius Sword, it's the weapon she has in most depictions.
        Bennett + Traveler’s Handy Sword pog

I mean, there’s no real point in arguing which weapon is designed for who and what their “signature weapons” are, because at that point Diluc is using a 1* Claymore (unless you have his 30 USD skin) and the Traveler is using a lvl 70 Dull Blade.
            True, or Yun Jin with Dragon's Bane xD
    the passive fits her perfectly because they both hurt and heal at the same time and Anemo/physical hybrid Jean is the way she was meant to be played **you can't change my mind**
    The passive fits her quite well. Increase ATK%, heal based on ATK, deal damage based on ATK, it even has a high Base ATK for all the ATK% to result in even more ATK. It's the substat that doesn't match Jean, and who knows maybe Jean was intended to be a Physical DPS but Anemo ended up being much stronger.
I read somewhere that Freedom Sworn was originally, at one point was meant for Albedo when Mihoyo was considering an EM/Crystallise angle that never went any further (which is also why Albedo can reliably proc its passive??). I don't remember where I read it or if it's actually true though. 90% sure it was on reddit. Maybe.
I don’t think they would, its just reddit being reddit. There is always a devils advocate or contrarian somewhere
I hate the fact that Kazuha's BiS is a Mondstadt Series weapon AND it's a BLUE and GOLD color scheme for a RED, WHITE and BLACK color scheme character
    That's because it isn't kazuha's motif weapon. It's jeans, she was the one wielding it during the first GAA trailer.
        Jean has Aquila Favonia tho?
            So? Venti had skyward harp which is also mismatched with his kit. At least FS matches jean. You can't say the same for Elegy for venti.
                Accept the word of our lord and savior Venti as crit DPS with faruzan >!/s!<
                Harp matches venti's archon form tho(the one where he's half naked). Maybe if we get a skin in the future it'll fit better.
                    They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
            Aquila is for normal Jean. Freedom Sworn is for Summer Jean specifically since their color schemes match
ok, let's see Nilou. She has that Key sword. It suppose to be a cherry on top for her to help selling her. But it looks garbage on her. But it has a lore about desert, Jinni and so on. We have stoneslates, pillars, some dairies, murals - all about this same lore. If you really need 5 more weapons as a crucial piece of lore then something is wrong with your writers. Add one more stoneslate. And give Nilou elegant sword that has some history about dancing craft.
uhm, vision holders by default are the so called next special being of the century. each of them

&#x200B;

edit:  


also, you can have all that lore added in different ways, you can still have visually matching signature weapons that give valuable lore, they are not mutually exclusive.

&#x200B;

and on that same note let me remind you that target number 1 for genshin design is to sell something to the player.  not lore building or anything else.  if it can get sales it WILL break as many previously implied rules as it needs to, if it will earn more.
I only know games which treat them completely cosmetic. And I don't even see a Problem for co-op because there could be options to disable the costume gear of others. In Dissidia Final Fantasy Opera Omnia many people use weapon "gloss" and no one cares.
vortex just had to give zl HP and have a passive that gives shield strength party wide. tadaa. but noooooo, muh set wide passive >:c
    The set wide passive doesn’t even make any sense since the Skyward weapons already don’t do that.
Its for lore reasons, i find series weapons to be way cooler than dedicated designs because in-game characters are not even really supposed to have special weapons made with their cloth colors in mind in the first place.
Also, idk how you worry about this and call it a problem while there are so many other bigger things wrong that need fixing lol.
Imo the "boring regional designs" are better then most "one of a kind" weapons

Weapons in genshin also are a medium for lore. Look at the inazuman weapons for example. All crafted by ei and all portraying parts of Inazuman (folk)lore

Being a signature/BIS ≠ being tailor made.

Look at ayaka for example. Her BIS and signature is Mistsplitter, but her in lore weapon, which is more or less tailormade for her, is Amenoma

To me the 5* weapon series are a non issue
I would choose most of the designs on the right before Wanderers weapon, Aquila or Kaguras verity.
But he's talking about Ayaka ?
    i know. 

he said Mistsplitter looks bad and i disagree, so i used Mist + Keqing combo drip to prove my point.
I think, that they are supposed to be seperated from the others

Idk why OP didn't expand the list or made the icons smaller to fit another row tho
[deleted]
I explained to you, why Ayakas signature is an electro weapon.

And if we swapped design of Amenoma and Mistsplitter, then people would complain, that the design for it is subpar
    Yeah, I understood that. But that doesn't change my feelings. I still dislike it. 

Oh, that's not what I meant. I mean something like skins. Like, the ability to change the appearance of your weapon to any other you own. So, just a simple model swap, and the stats would stay the same.
Isnt is the sword from the royal series ?
    What?  [No, it is far from it](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.redd.it%2Fzfe0eirhrkb71.png&tbnid=fHLsBWLRL6zcCM&vet=1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FGenshin_Impact_Leaks%2Fcomments%2Folgn1k%2Fkeqings_weapon_starseeker_is_free_for_21%2F&docid=g62-plASJHFIaM&w=512&h=256&itg=1&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim)
There are a pretty good chunk of characters where the HP stat isn't dead tbh
i didn't roll reading comprehension on the gacha
    I did roll for reading comprehension but all I got was DEF.
        everything rolls as def

except when you want def. that's where the EM comes in
            what if i want EM
                Flat hp take it or leave it
    Bruh
Exception
Sure but Ganyu is supposed to be a form of a Qilin, a Chinese mythological creature. The name could've been a placeholder. Who really knows
The giveaways are the softer purple, smoother shape and red tassel accessories. When ascended past stage 2, it also gains a bit of blue colouration.
Yeah I feel the same. Contrast in color is nice and is sometimes more visually appealing than matching colors where the weapons just blinds in.but I think the series nilou weapon is from kinda ugly so I don't like it.
    I'm okay with it on Nilou, but so far the only one that makes sense thematically for me in that series was Cyno. I'm kind of considering having her use Ayato's katana just for the drip factor.
>Also I feel like people are trying to match colours too much when it comes to weapons. I don't think Mistsplitter looks bad on Ayaka, even if their colours don't match.

Meanwhile, I'm over here using the fish sword on Diluc because I wanted to see a roasted fish every time he uses a skill.
Genuinely the key is unironically in my top 5 prettiest genshin swords
    i really like the key on Nilou, looks more like a ceremonial tool that she would wield in a rite or sth
        I agree with this thread, and enjoyed reading the thoughts of fellow like minded individuals. Key drip on Nilou is *chef's kiss*
            It goes well with her horns and i think thats good enough

Kind of how harán goes with her eyes
                Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
Mistsplitter doesn’t look bad on anyone. It’s just pretty
No people aren't trying to match colors too much. Contrasting weapon colors *can* be nice, but mistsplitter looks awful on Ayaka. It doesn't contrast; it clashes. The red Kazuha story sword actually contrasts and looks much better on her. They even used Amenoma Kageuchi in her demo, because mistsplitter looks garish and completely out of place.
    The Amenoma looks waaaay better on her, hands-down.
I see absolutely no reason for why that would be a requirement.  


The Raiden Shogun is explicitly the basis for Inazuman Martial arts and weaponsmithing, so specific old weapons sharing design cues with minor differences based on individual smiths is exactly what would be expected.
We do.

The Mondstat series of weapons are made/blessed by Venti, inspired by Dvalin's victory of Durin and his being cured by the Traveler. (The sword specifically is basically "For us")

Liyue is Rex Lapis weapons, from the Archon wars (Guess he doesn't like bows)

Inazuma is Raiden weapons, as she is the origin of all martial arts in Inazuma (guess she doesn't like claymores)

And of course, Sumeru has two lines: One created for the followers of King Desheret, and one based on Greater Lord Kusanali
    >Guess he doesn't like bows

Funnily, he apparently made both the Liyue and the Jade series, and from their leaked descriptions it seems he personally made and used the bows of both sets>! (The Jade bow against Xiao's master, the Liyue bow on the Chasm fight against Azhdaha)!<.

The only ones I can't confirm he used or made are the catalyst (Memory of Dust is directly stated was made by Guizhong, not him).
Even if the Cricket bat is amazing on her it does not match her at all. Xiphos Sword looks better on her than the cricket bat.
Ohh I see
    user name based
That's why I gave him the umbrella. Perfect for a traveler.
You could say just as well that her signature is Favonius Sword, it's the weapon she has in most depictions.
    Bennett + Traveler’s Handy Sword pog

I mean, there’s no real point in arguing which weapon is designed for who and what their “signature weapons” are, because at that point Diluc is using a 1* Claymore (unless you have his 30 USD skin) and the Traveler is using a lvl 70 Dull Blade.
        True, or Yun Jin with Dragon's Bane xD
the passive fits her perfectly because they both hurt and heal at the same time and Anemo/physical hybrid Jean is the way she was meant to be played **you can't change my mind**
The passive fits her quite well. Increase ATK%, heal based on ATK, deal damage based on ATK, it even has a high Base ATK for all the ATK% to result in even more ATK. It's the substat that doesn't match Jean, and who knows maybe Jean was intended to be a Physical DPS but Anemo ended up being much stronger.
That's because it isn't kazuha's motif weapon. It's jeans, she was the one wielding it during the first GAA trailer.
    Jean has Aquila Favonia tho?
        So? Venti had skyward harp which is also mismatched with his kit. At least FS matches jean. You can't say the same for Elegy for venti.
            Accept the word of our lord and savior Venti as crit DPS with faruzan >!/s!<
            Harp matches venti's archon form tho(the one where he's half naked). Maybe if we get a skin in the future it'll fit better.
                They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
        Aquila is for normal Jean. Freedom Sworn is for Summer Jean specifically since their color schemes match
The set wide passive doesn’t even make any sense since the Skyward weapons already don’t do that.
i know. 

he said Mistsplitter looks bad and i disagree, so i used Mist + Keqing combo drip to prove my point.
Yeah, I understood that. But that doesn't change my feelings. I still dislike it. 

Oh, that's not what I meant. I mean something like skins. Like, the ability to change the appearance of your weapon to any other you own. So, just a simple model swap, and the stats would stay the same.
What?  [No, it is far from it](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.redd.it%2Fzfe0eirhrkb71.png&tbnid=fHLsBWLRL6zcCM&vet=1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FGenshin_Impact_Leaks%2Fcomments%2Folgn1k%2Fkeqings_weapon_starseeker_is_free_for_21%2F&docid=g62-plASJHFIaM&w=512&h=256&itg=1&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim)
I did roll for reading comprehension but all I got was DEF.
    everything rolls as def

except when you want def. that's where the EM comes in
        what if i want EM
            Flat hp take it or leave it
Bruh
I'm okay with it on Nilou, but so far the only one that makes sense thematically for me in that series was Cyno. I'm kind of considering having her use Ayato's katana just for the drip factor.
i really like the key on Nilou, looks more like a ceremonial tool that she would wield in a rite or sth
    I agree with this thread, and enjoyed reading the thoughts of fellow like minded individuals. Key drip on Nilou is *chef's kiss*
        It goes well with her horns and i think thats good enough

Kind of how harán goes with her eyes
            Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
The Amenoma looks waaaay better on her, hands-down.
>Guess he doesn't like bows

Funnily, he apparently made both the Liyue and the Jade series, and from their leaked descriptions it seems he personally made and used the bows of both sets>! (The Jade bow against Xiao's master, the Liyue bow on the Chasm fight against Azhdaha)!<.

The only ones I can't confirm he used or made are the catalyst (Memory of Dust is directly stated was made by Guizhong, not him).
user name based
Bennett + Traveler’s Handy Sword pog

I mean, there’s no real point in arguing which weapon is designed for who and what their “signature weapons” are, because at that point Diluc is using a 1* Claymore (unless you have his 30 USD skin) and the Traveler is using a lvl 70 Dull Blade.
    True, or Yun Jin with Dragon's Bane xD
Jean has Aquila Favonia tho?
    So? Venti had skyward harp which is also mismatched with his kit. At least FS matches jean. You can't say the same for Elegy for venti.
        Accept the word of our lord and savior Venti as crit DPS with faruzan >!/s!<
        Harp matches venti's archon form tho(the one where he's half naked). Maybe if we get a skin in the future it'll fit better.
            They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
    Aquila is for normal Jean. Freedom Sworn is for Summer Jean specifically since their color schemes match
everything rolls as def

except when you want def. that's where the EM comes in
    what if i want EM
        Flat hp take it or leave it
I agree with this thread, and enjoyed reading the thoughts of fellow like minded individuals. Key drip on Nilou is *chef's kiss*
    It goes well with her horns and i think thats good enough

Kind of how harán goes with her eyes
        Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
True, or Yun Jin with Dragon's Bane xD
So? Venti had skyward harp which is also mismatched with his kit. At least FS matches jean. You can't say the same for Elegy for venti.
    Accept the word of our lord and savior Venti as crit DPS with faruzan >!/s!<
    Harp matches venti's archon form tho(the one where he's half naked). Maybe if we get a skin in the future it'll fit better.
        They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
Aquila is for normal Jean. Freedom Sworn is for Summer Jean specifically since their color schemes match
what if i want EM
    Flat hp take it or leave it
It goes well with her horns and i think thats good enough

Kind of how harán goes with her eyes
    Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
Accept the word of our lord and savior Venti as crit DPS with faruzan >!/s!<
Harp matches venti's archon form tho(the one where he's half naked). Maybe if we get a skin in the future it'll fit better.
    They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
Flat hp take it or leave it
Yh this was how I saw it as well, it matched the horns really well. I didn’t expect it to receive the amount of hate it did.
They said it didn’t go with his kit, not his outfit.
