[[New Artifacts!]]





If there are any fellow Candace mains here — do you reckon the hydro set would work better than Gladiator’s? I run her on a pretty solid Glad set right now, and I’m debating whether or not it’s worth farming this domain, since I have Dehya too
    Depends on your substats, I'd say it's a good choice if you're farming the other set for Dehya.
        Why would you be farming the other set for Dehya? Emblem is a lot better
            Probably is, but I don't mind her ER issues. I mostly play her overworld anyway and only use her burst every now and then.
                If you only play her overworld why would you ever waste time on farming a set for her?
                    Cause I like her
        As if anyone’s gonna farm for Dehya lmao
            I plan on farming for her 😕
            Me
    Probably not worth farming the entire 4pc set for, no. But being that Candace has a split scaling problem, I'd say 2pc Hydro/2pc Hydro may be the way to go instead, that way the 2pc set bonus benefits you're NA/CA and skill/burst dmg. But it would probably lower your NA dmg a bit. I like forward vape with my Candace, so I'd prefer the double 2pc Hydro.
    I also have a really good 4p Glad for onfield Candace already but I'm farming this domain regardless for Nilou. The new set is preferable because Candace has low base attack and some free damage% in her base kit, but it's very dependent on weapon and substats. Dehya doesn't need this domain tho, unless you have her C4+ lol
    I’m not sure if it would come out stronger but seeing as how it would buff her burst dmg and Na dmg as well as her atk% since her nas scale off atk it should be better. I’ll have to try it once it comes out.
can't wait for double two piece hp shieldbot zhongli
    Same with Nilou Bloom
        And Layla
            Nah Layla 4p ToM is better cus shield strength
        Up to a point: beyond 75k it won't matter, so you shouldn't bother beyond 75k.

Obviously, with 2-pc tenacity, 2-pc of the new HP set (vourukasha's glow(?)), it will be easier to reach 75k without as many issues, but the seperation between it and 2-pc EM (gilded, wanderers, etc) will need to be seen first.
            I don't pull on weapon banner, so my Nilou won't be close to 75k even with double HP% artifacts.
            i’d imagine the 2pc hp 2pc hp will make hitting 75k much easier without her signature weapon.
                Hard to say easier though. You would need a few pieces to max roll hp% on substat. Having the key would be technically easier to reach 75k, just cause you aren't relying too heavily on artifact rolls. But the issue there is either luck or willingness to spend a couple hundred on the weapon banner. T_T
            tldr: good choice for those who dont have BiS weapon. those who have it, can forget the artifact to improve nilou
        Onfield Nilou makes amazing use of the 4pc bonus.  Her constant self damage triggers the stacks, granting a continual 50% bonus to skill and burst damage.  And remember, her infused NAs are skill damage.
            what's team for on field nilou?
                it is the same as the one you use but you don't need xingqiu/yelan and give that slot to a healer and nilou use the sacrificial sword to first activate the aura then the hydro infusion. standard team i use is barbara nilou dendro MC and yaoyao
                    Sacrificial Sword definitely isn't needed.  Key is obviously preferred, but Iron Sting helps with Bloom damage.
                Nilour Bloom but Nilou is played as the on field character ?
    2pc HP is enough. Dont be too reliant on shield.

I think 4pc tenacity is more beneficial to the team
        People with Zhongli have long since forgotten how to dodge. Hell they've probably forgotten that you can dash to dodge incoming damage.
            can confirm as a fellow zhongli brainrot user
                I’m so far gone that I have him triple crowned
                    Good day to you fellow Kindred in Triple Crowned Zhongli. May your shield never fail yet another day
                    Don't worry, I'm not too far behind with 9/10/10
                    He is my only triple crowned character so yeah I can't dodge for shit
                I second this, when I use him, I will literally stand stil and wait for CDs if I have shield unbroken, and with 50k hp that's not hard
            Me as Zhongli enjoyer: "Hold E to dodge damage right?"
                I definitely thought it was doing T pose to assert dominance...
                    That's because he is
                Mona enjoyers: you right!
            What is this "incoming" damage you speak of? Aren't our characters the only ones that do damage? The enemies just do funny little dances before dying...

>!Yeah fuck that, consecrated beasts showed me exactly how strong Zhongli shield is lmao!<
            Me who has learned to both dodge and tank:
                Yeahhhh, whenever I'm about to get hit by a boss and I have no stamina left, I switch over to meat-shield Yaoyao and just tank that slap.

YAOYAO, I'M SO SORRY, BUT YOU HAVE 40K+ HP
                    That hurt real bad...
                        It's fine Yao Yao, here, eat a radish and walk it off.
                    That is literally me 💀
                    Same but Nilou. I've forgotten to bring a healer to a few fights and just swap to 60k HP Nilou whenever a hit comes.
                        the peak of Nilou is just running Kokomi + Yelan + Nilou and having ~140,000 total HP to just absorb hits
                            Yas!
                    This is me lmao i'm so sorry Yaoyao :(
                    this is the way
                Me who dodges into damage with my C6 Zhongli:
            I pulled zhongli the week I started playing the game and haven't removed him from my party ever since. I wanted to actually try out a team comp for once and I literally get hit by everything LMAO. It's not even a skill issue, even though I am unskilled. I literally just can't remember that I'm actually supposed to dodge stuff until after it hits me lol
            Wait what
                Dashing gives you I-Frames.
                    Dam. My Zhongli has carried me through the game lol
                        same here, first 5 star so my dodge ability has always been doomed
                    Wait dashing gives i-frames? I had no clue that's a thing.
                        Yep, in fact you can dash through attacks that should absolutely hit you. Like the Ruin Serpent's rolling attack.
                    The Dark Souls player I am was overjoyed with that realisation back when I started. Still utilise it to this day😤
            I have C0 Hu Tao. I can't dodge because I don't have any stamina ever.
            Don't worry I already didn't know how to dodge long before I even started using Zhongli
            I haven't forgotten. Mainly because the Stagger mechanic is infuriating enough to make the lack of Shields frustratingly obvious.
        >Dont be too reliant on shield.

I like being able to turn my brain off. Leave me alone.
        Not when half the bosses in the game immediately kill your pillar
            Not really? Your pillar dying doesn’t kill your shield lol
                But no tenacity buff
                    Oh I see what you’re getting at! But doesn’t tenacity also take effect even when he’s not on the field? See:

“This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.”

So, usually you pop his shield and go to a different char; hence “more beneficial for the team” and not “more beneficial for main dps Zhongli”

For me, and many players, we don’t even pay attention to his pillar, we use Zhongli for shield and maybe the occasional ult and go to town with our team’s skills.

Not that it doesn’t suck that god of geo’s pillar disappears in the face of a small boss…
                        Tenacity works when not on field, but it needs an ability to continually hit enemies, which the pillar cannot do if it gets destroyed
                        Yes it triggers off field, but it can only do so if the pillar pulses hit an enemy. Otherwise you get the ATK buff for just 3 seconds and once your pillar it's gone that's it. That's what the other person meant. When half the bosses immediately destroy the pillar, you won't reliably get the buff anyway.
        I used to be super reliant on him. Dendro kind of broke me out of that. Now, having a main Dendro user is kind of taking me back into it cause I can bring Zhongli back into the mix alongside Nahida, Kuki, and Al
            All the same, you really don't need that much HP for Zhongli. I've been using Tenacity for a long time, and the only time I've ever had issues with his shield were due to my own negligence.
    4pc tenacity is probably better tbh. The extra shield strength it gives provides way more than extra hp.
        Overkill to create a 60k hp zhongli with shield strength on top of that.

You could just play him with 40k hp and some geo dmg or burst dmg, that way his shield still protects even in abyss12, but his meatball actually does up to 100k damage instead of being only a stun
            No, i'm talking about 2pc hp hp and 4pc tenacity. I'm saying that the tenacity shield strength buff is better than the hp% that you get from 2pc 2pc.

And the atk% buff from tenacity works on him too, so he gets extra attack as well.
                Tenacity doesn't work when equipped on off-field characters. 

E.g. ZL with Tenacity off-field does nothing for shield strength. 

But you could in theory run ZL on HP/HP and 4x Tenacity with the on-field DPS for max shield value.

Edit: I'm way too tired. I was thinking that old set paired with Petra. Assuming I'm not misrembering again, Tenacity is amazing on ZL.
            Dunno how you're getting 60k HP with TotM. I have all HP pieces and Black Tassel with good HP and HP% sub rolls and he's still just barely shy of 50k without Hydro resonance.
            I play mine with the 4pc geo set only to get that 35% DMG boost on crystalze.
                that only apply to the crystalize element tho its too unreliable to use. 4pc tenacity is the most underated set ever, i barely see alot of poeple use it. the 4pc set provide 20% atk to the team on skill hit, it's basicly the same as nobless but can stack with each other. its pretty good on Fishcl, yaoyao etc.
    But why? The shield is already OP lol
         Because. Big hp number go boing
            You insulted all Nilou and Yelan players right here XD
        frees up some of his artifacts for my kokomi to get her a better 4pc totm
            I can get behind that! Was just farming the Tenacity domain for this same reason! Tired of switching my artifacts back and forth.
    Edit: replied by accident
    Isn't it overkill already xd
    the 30% more shield strength from ToM is better than an extra 20% HP, + 20% ATK buff. no need to wait, max Zhongli shield bot is 4 pc ToM (coming from someone who is building Baizhu for shielding, and did calculations)
The Hydro set looks like tailor made for childe or Ayato.

Can't wait to stack +20% HP + 20% HP for Shield bot lol
    Or more HP for Nilou Bloom
        Not sure if 4 piece is worth going for, going for 2 piece minimum so could try it out.
            >!it didn't proc off dendro cores in beta, 4pc is quite literally only for dehya!<
                Man that's some bullshit.
                    it's also not good on Dehya, assuming max stacks constantly it's like 1% better than Emblem. so there's like no point in farming for it if you don't need both sets.
                        It's actually better the higher constellation you have. C1 adds additional dmg from hp, C2 prolongs her E and C4 allows you to lower Dehya er.

Emblem is equal only on 200+ er and only adds to the Elemental Burst(2/3 of dmg) through it's more constant bonus. It adds absolutly nothing aside from that.
                            The stacks are really inconsistent, though. It'll be pretty hard to get the max bonus for the full duration of her burst.
                                Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
                                    The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
                        What if you use Dehya mostly for her skill? Her burst is atrocious but her skill is probably the best part of her kit. Her burst is just busted bad, even if they improved the damage it would still be terrible, as it's slow and easily avoided and buggy.
                            if her skill did much that might be viable. but low uptime, low damage, and even the gold state from her passive only there for 9s.
                            Use TotM then. Unless you want skill damage but then I'd have to ask why.
            yeah, 2pc 2pc hp% is probably going to be good
        What's the optimal Nilou comp and the comp when there's no fish?
            I don't have Fish, so I'm going to try Yaoyao for healing, with Collei using Elegy and Candace for Hydro Infusion.
                Sounds interesting, 

Nilou/Yelan/Yaoyao + something... hmmm
                    Nahida is the one who truly elevates that comp though. I'd ditch Yelan before Nahida. Her skill removes the importance of having an Anemo CC to stack enemies. So Nahida will remain Nilou's #1 partner until we get another Hydro/Dendro unit who can do that job. Maybe a Fontaine hydro unit who can cast whirlpools or something?
                        I don't have Nahida tho, that's the issue.

I am looking for a doable comp with her because I don't know any other.
                        Anemo CC breaks the team comp anyways, nilou only works with dendro/hydro
            Assuming Kaveh can pop Nilou's big blooms, I'd say Nahida, Kaveh, Nilou and Yelan/Xq/Ayato maybe. Tho no healer here.
                Kaveh has self healing tho.
                    On a 0.5s cooldown, i don't think he'd be able to keep up with nilou's bloom damage. Kokomi barely can in serious AoE scenarios.
                        He does not take damage from them as well though actually, unless they worded it weirdly in the livestream, they said ‘he does not take damage from them, in fact he heals from them’, paraphrasing obviously.
                            There is nothing in his kit protecting him from Bloom self-damage. He does heal for 300% of his EM with a 0.5sec ICD when he takes bloom damage. And frankly a reasonable potential of 6k HP/sec seems rather huge, even without damage reduction from the Blooms.
                                Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
                            It didn't go exactly like that. In the livestream they said those two separately which makes it confusing. Basically what I got from it is he doesn't take bloom dmg from the ones he pop. But when he takes dmg from the blooms that pop naturally,  he heals himself a small bit and it has a cd.
                                Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
                                    That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
                    Oh yeah. But only for bloom damage right? I think I heard so.
                You just make Xingqui sad from the minimal healing his rainswords provide.  He's trying his best!
                    But to heal Nilou we'd need around 10 Xingquis. She is too damn beefy. Can use YaoYao instead of Kaveh if Kaveh's bloom popping turns out to be useless.
                        Baizhu is literally right there
                            Yeah but can't recommend before playing and seeing his stats.
                        That sounds like the beginning of a harem anime.
                            Reverse Harem
            You'll want Baizhu or YaoYao for healing. The 2nd hydro character is preferably Kokomi so keep a look out for her rerun. Barbara can work just fine. Full EM Burst Ayato also works well. Nahida is a preferred dendro teammate cuz of her effortless dendro application and huge 250 EM buff she gives everyone
        she can already get to 75k without double hp sets.
            Try getting to 75k HP with only tenacity of the millileth. Tell me how easy it is.
                it is doable if you have her bis aswell. if not, sure, another %20 hp is beneficial but this set doesn't affect those who have her bis.
                    It actually needs a good amount of hp substats, even with weapon, not "that" easy. So the hp set will help.
    My Diona has been waiting for this
    But the real question is,why make an artifact for characters who already have tailor made artifact sets and specially when they're not even getting a rerun? Honestly one would expect an artifact set that'd support Baizhu.
        Preparing for Fontaine perhaps.
            Yeah maybe but like, it's too early for that,is it not?
                Not really. We're going into 3.6. Inazuma only went to 2.8, so we're looking at like 12 weeks to farm the new set if Sumeru follows the same duration.
                If new set have more usability like how emblem affects any burst focus characters, it have some values. Not to mention, farming good stats take eternity. Never too early.
                Is it? Fontaine is like 3 months away
                    But they never released artifact sets for new regional characters this early,did they? Like they release emblem domain after Inazuma came out,same for the Gilded dreams domain when Sumeru came out.
                        Can’t really try to call an occurence normal when it has only had 2 chances to happen so far.. they released an Inazuma character before Inazuma released - it’s not that deep
                            Atleast it's two samples. Not like they released a sumeru character before Sumeru came out. Two maybe a bare minimum but it's still is something. Besides, people base a lot of things just on these two occurrences in genshin,like the number of patches,archons reruns and release and so on.
            Yeah it's definitely to let people start pre-farming for Fontaine characters.
            That's what I was thinking, might suggest that the Hydro Archon could be our first Main Dps Archon
        The Heart of Depth is not really tailor made for Childe or Ayato, just a generalist hydro on-fielder much like Blizzard is not for Ayaka or Witch for Hu Tao.
            [https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Echoes\_of\_an\_Offering](https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Echoes_of_an_Offering) 

This artefact set was made for ayato
                People really forgot about that huh.
                I remember the TCs saying that it wasn't good though.
                    Echoes is BIS when your ping is consistently bellow 100. Otherwise Gladiators finale or heart of depth share BIS
            The artifact set is almost an exact copy and paste of polar star’s ability
            Which hydro are we talking about? Because I was specifically talking about the pre-existing artifacts being tailor made for Childe and Ayato(HoD and Echoes respectively),and not the new artifact set being tailor made.
                They just missed the word set. It’s a general hydro set. Not tailor-made for anybody.

And Echoes would be Ayato’s if it weren’t terrible.
                Echoes is terrible if you have high ping. It's just a badly designed artifact.

HoD is good but the 4pc effect only buffs Normal and Charged attack. Childe has more damage sources than that.

The new set is stronger for Childe since it buffs every aspect of his kit.
                I edited the comment, I was talking about the HoD set
            I mean, at least blizzard is the best set Ayaka can use, in Childe's case, more often than not, a 2/2 set would do more damage, especially in multiple enemies scenarios
        Who? HOD is horrible for childe's sources of damage

Edit: I'm serious HOD is crap for Childe, it's just a generalist auto attack buff set
            Yeah but it was still probably made for him and Mona before Hoyo had an idea on what they should be doing for artifacts. After all, they were the only characters who would consider doing left-clicks as Hydro vision users.
            I think you forgot the /s or /j,you can't be serious.
                Childe would more often than not, especially on high investment, have better damage and faster clears on 2/2 set options instead of an actual 4pc set (HoD).

  


I strongly believe that when characters are in that situation, they should get an usable 4 piece that outperforms the 2/2 option. Without the need for the set to be completely niche for said character.

  


Not to be confused with giving each character their own artifact set, that would remove any creativity from building and choosing what set to use
        Because artifact sets will always be there for the remainder of the game and can benefit future characters too???????? What is this question?
        > Honestly one would expect an artifact set that'd support Baizhu.

He has a lot of options though. TotM. Dendro set. Gilded.
            Still,he doesn't have any tailored artifact for him just like how Kokomi had one. It's either healing or support with him(HP or ToTM),unlike Kokomi.
        HoD is not tailor made to Childe since 4pc does absolutely nothing for his burst. Nymph's Dream is still not tailor made to Childe since he cannot easily vaporize his melee burst while having the full effect, at most you'll be having 2/3 stacks when bursting against a single target.
        For some reason people on here got mad last time I've explained this but I will do it again. 99% sure this set is for the Archon based on the name of the set. So it is not made for an old character. Even if it does work well on them too. Coincidences like this do happen.
            Exactly this. Why the fuck would hoyo want to buff the already broken childe and Ayato? Specially at a time such as this when they're not even getting a rerun? Xiao got a dedicated set because he didn't have one,but the above mentioned characters already have theirs. This is 100% made for a new character. People can be really quick to jump to conclusions,and this specially applies to genshin fandom.
                Because Childe never had a set made for him, he's using 4pc of a generalist hydro on-field character set (HoD) or 2/2, this one is Polar Star but in the form of an artifact and buffs everything he has, including burst and riptides, while HoD buffed attacks.
                    You say that HoD was a generalist hydro artifact but do be honest, which other character made use of HoD besides Childe until Ayato? Pretty sure there was no character who did. So the fact that HoD was released after Childe and nobody else used it tells a lot about whether it was made for him or not. Sure it didn't buff every part of his kit but it was still made for him nonetheless,albeit a bit general.
                        Well, same can be said about Blizzard or Witch, those sets are there for elemental carries until they get their own down the road. Childe also didn't have Polar Star on release, it was created later and now they've made Polar Star artifact.
    After nerding on the numbers for Ayato only the nymph set is only 1% better than HOD, due to stacks minimal time loss and the burst not snapshot with all the stacks.

Gladiator being slightly better than HOD might be just the same and Echoes slightly better if you're not on high ping.

For Childe, with any of the 5\* bows, it's a 8 to 9% damage improvement from 365k to 400k
    Eh, the hydro set sounds like a pita to set up. I think I'll stay with hod.
        For ayato can be, for Childe you just have to do Auto and Charged attack for full stacks since riptide counts as elemental skill damage
        It's really not. Here, let me simplify stuff for you: 

Hit stuff with NA, get more damage.
            Not exactly. That's just one stack right? You'll also need to hit things with your skill, burst and/or CA.

On Childe it's ez, cuz pressing E is one stack and then you can NA and CA for two more.

On Ayato it's gonna be harder, because your E needs to actually explode for one stack, and you can't get CA stacks during E so you'll have to CA before E. Or rely on burst.
    That plus staff of homa lmao
        I think your comment got sent more than once
            Oopsie sorry bout that homes
    Probably childe only ayato wont proc well with this set, or will really limit your style
    It’s gonna be good on my water rosaria :).

Rosaria + Candace = Ascended Mermaid Queen.
    actually unless this 8s is a typo i'm pretty sure it isn't actually for childe, or at least international.

international setup takes almost 10s, meaning he shouldn't be able to get the full buffs. instructor buffs from bennett are also 8s. and if he can't get buffs on his nuke burst, this probably isn't actually that good. maybe not even a better set than what he has now.

maybe it's for a future character, or they want to buff childe for freeze or other reaction teams. I know they keep putting him with kaeya in trial and events
        The artifact is pretty much a copy of Polar Star's effect minus some of the buffs, so its 100% a Childe set. 

It doesn't buff his burst, but it'll last his entire on-field time in International.
            the wording is similar but polar star buffs last 12s. this is dramatically lower

and if he doesn't get buffs on his burst then we know the frontload dmg will be worse than existing artifacts. which won't be a buff
                He can keep 3 stacks throughout his entire skill duration, riptide is considered skill damage.

For burst nuke, 2pc Atk and 2pc Hydro might still be better, but this still an upgrade over HOD.

edit: 2pc noblesse is better than Atk in Burst nukes
                It's still basically the same style of buff as Polar Star though.
        his burst doesn’t benefit from heart of depth’s 4pc anyways,  atleast with this set he can normal attack with bow to get one stack before he bursts, while also benefiting from the full stacks while in melee mode.
        He can get full stacks, you just need to NA CA and you have full stacks UP when you burst 

Edit: yes, even after kazuha and xianglings burst
        The set is similar to instructor set 8 sec too so you can use child's burst before xiangling's burst and be in the 8 sec window. (Childe aim shot E N1, bennett Q, kazuha Q E, childe Q, xiangling Q E, childe E N2C for 9-10 sec)
    my liege
I can’t believe I have to farm another set for Childe. I mean I’m gonna still do it obviously
    It's worth for Childe.

After nerding on the numbers for Ayato only the nymph set is only 1% better than HOD, due to stacks minimal time loss on CA and the burst not snapshoting with all the stacks.

Gladiator being slightly better than HOD might be just the same and Echoes slightly better if you're not on high ping

For Childe, with any of the 5\\\* bows, it's a 8 to 9% damage improvement from 365k to 400k
        cool!  a 9% damage improvement is worth it for me
    You may want to check if it's worth it , new set may not give you that much benefit.
        This. Wait for others to do the dirty work before you grind.


The other artifact doesn't seem as useful (right now) to make this artifact domain entirely worth it like it would for emblem or gilded dream domains
            I'm in an unfortunate fortunate situation where my heart of depth artifacts aren't that great so I have no reason not to farm for it. It looks like it will be better though due to the pretty significant atk buff that goes with the hydro damage buff.
                Also the trend seems like the newer domains are easier/more fun to play through than the older ones.
                    Older domains are made to counter what ever you build . 


Vv set ? Physical bonus 

Hod/blizzard ? Enemies with cryo shields 

Witch ?  All pyro enemies with pyro device buff .
                        Mondstadt talent books? Forfeit your freedom.
                            I hate that domain with a passion. Cryo enemies, stamina debuff, and icicles constantly raining down on you. It takes twice as long to complete as any other domain not because it's hard, but because it's annoying. Who thought that was a good idea to make, especially as the first talent domain new players will enter?
                            Got my time down to 47 seconds in that domain when I C6'd my Bennett, down from best 55. That's pretty significant I think!
                        Yeah I guess that makes sense. I only farm for my strongest characters so I guess it seems harder
                You should be strong boxing?
            I mean at least the rng will be better, my luck with that stupid domain is nil.
                Yeah I feel like most of not all old domains are cursed.
            The other artifact set is potentially worth it for the 2 piece alone.

Nilou go brrr....
    This opportunity is quite hard to come by
        A fine opportunity!
        Ah yes, I read that in Childe's voice. He definitely said that somewhere I can't remember
Too many artifacts, not enough inventory slots
    Man I just really want pre-sets.
        At least let us save different gear to the different teams in the the menu so i don't have to regear like 2-3 people every time i want to play razor 💀
        I want a tagging feature where we can preselect every main and substat we want for our artifacts that will then automatically sort our collection into two different tabs, tagged artifacts and fodder artifacts.  We have a limited sort feature already but the fact we can only select two stats to sort by is simply not enough. 

The limit on how many we hold isn't the annoying part it's the inevitable sorting through the pile trying to pick out which ones to grind into Exp that it.
    They should have upped it to 2000 when they released Sumeru. 500 slots per region.
    how do people get 1500 artifacts? like do you never do strongbox or level things with the 4 stars???
        Filtering or sorting the bad artifacts is so confusing and taking a lot of time. Not to mention if you have hoarding disorder. Especially after Mhy release new characters that need weird substats.

"Emblem is a set for dps. Dps wants ATK%, so HP% is useless". Mhy: release Yelan.

"Tena is a set for shielder and geo, EM is useless". Mhy: release Nilou.
        you wonder until it happens to you
            it will never bcs i always do strongbox, i never get over 500 artifacts
                well when you have good copies you might need in the future, it’s worth it not to eat them
                    Well the thing is is that 99.9% of the max inventory hoarders aren't full because they have 1000 good +20s they're saving for possible future characters. They have a bunch of say, 4 line double crit +0s on some set like Clam. Or worse, they're hoarding 3 line +0s which are even more unlikely to be good. They're just too cheap/lazy to gamble and see if the pieces are actually good.

And it's not people that have multiple sets for characters either because there are ~40 characters in the game and you could have 3 full never-shared sets for every single character and you would still only be around ~600 artifacts. So imo, everyone that has the max 1500 are lazy. If the cap was 5000, they would still be at the cap.


FWIW, I say this as someone with ~300 +20s (and like 100 +16s). I'm never above like ~800/1500 inventory since I'm always gambling artifacts upgrades so I always have under 500K mora which only gets that high because of events. Out of all my +20s, 90% of them are "good enough" and my standards are relatively low compared to most players. I'd be really, really impressed if someone had 1000 +20s because that's a massive, massive mora and artifact exp sink, never mind 1000 that are all actually good by the average player's standards.
                        Look at this guy calling everyone lazy who doesn't have the same artifact standards and isn't micromanaging like them.
                            Also this guy straightly destroying possible 35%CD artifacts having 0 guarantee that his "4lines" one will not roll in full flat atk XD And from what I saw — most people with that ~35%CD has it on absolutely random pieces which sometimes have even only 2 good stats.

"Gl" for him to loosing 2/3 in raw experience and possible chance of good roll in future. I was sacrificing EM arts on the start of the game(because I haven't had single anemo) and when Sumeru came I hardly got 1 "non-set". Now I'm keeping even great def% and phys ones despite I hate def and phys builds just because I don't know what future characters, that I may like, may need.
                            It's a F2P RPG with inventory space and micromanaging is just kind of part of those. Usually, the less you spend, the more you have to micromanage. I'm just content enough that Genshin isn't like some other F2Ps or gacha games where you'd have to pay for inventory space. I quit POE years ago because the inventory as f2p as completely ass after you hit mapping. In a different timeline, Genshin would have 3 expeditions with 2 paid slots, not-unlimited character slots, like 300 artifacts slots and up to 3000 if you paid and other shit like that.
                        Anyone who actually plays efficiently has 1500 after playing for a year.

Why? Because they understand how to roll +4 artifacts to see if its good or not. And hold onto some stuff while dumping the rest. 

Basically they float 1200-1500 and when lazy, its hitting 1500.

> +20s

You clearly dont get what people are doing. It's not about +20s, its about holding onto double crit and other good artifacts that can roll well when you need it for a character.
                    eh no, you see... in like 5 artifact runs i get maybe 1 or 2 things that have potential
                        [deleted]
                            just sift through them as you get them and lock and unlock them when you recieve them. makes it easy
                                [deleted]
                                    yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
                        you’re doing yourself dirty, what looks like it doesn’t have potential now, may hav potential in the future. always good to keep anything that has 4 or more substats from the get go, especially if it has percentages, even if the main stat seems “bad” now, there can always be a a character released in the future that scales on it later. it’s a long term game, not just a what’s good right now game
                            playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later" game only leads to excessive hoarding of garbage

future characters will likely use different sets

if it was like a 4 liner shime piece but with the wrong mainstat, yeah that would be worth keeping but what's the point of locking shit thats crit def hp em on a set like clam?

on top of that, if you're farming artifacts for a character and they set a set that's in the strongbox, it's better to just throw artis into the strongbox cuz your priority is getting sucrose em artifacts and not saving vv pieces for a future xiao-like char
                                > playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
                                I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
                            ah yes flat hp, atk and def surely have potential. i decide whats good for my account okay, and i see no future use for the stuff i get rn


and if something like that will be useful later its most likely gonna come with a new set
                                no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
                            That’s just excessive hoarding. By the time a future character comes out that uses the exact set of substats your hoarded artifacts have, you might has well just farm one when you get there. Unless it’s a truly rare piece, I still think you guys are just hoarding for little good reason.

Plus a lot of characters are being released to use new artifact sets.

Other than sets like gladiator and emblem, most of these future characters probably won’t be using your hoarder sets anyway
                        wow, that's a lot. I generally consider it to be a nice day in genshin if i get 1 good potential artifact from 5 condensed runs, which is why i pretty much always have around 500 artifacts locked at any time. It's been like this since 2021. Don't know how people can max their inventory without spending $$ on resin refresh. Maybe they should up their standards for what they consider good if approaching inventory limit.
                        ***"eH nO,"***
                I'm assuming you haven't been playing since day one? For most artifact sets you should keep decent: ER/EM/ATK/HP sands, CR/CD/HP/ATK/EM circlet, ofc all good goblets, and at least a few flowers and feathers with good lv0 spreads. Since DEF scaling is so rare (and geo focused) you can skip it, but otherwise you never know what substat/artifact combination will be useful for future chars... after years of farming the collection really adds up, I sit on around ~1.1k artifacts that I can't get rid of.
                    well said, almost AR60 here and same, i have some that I can’t get rid of myself
                    I typically skip keeping HP, ATK, or DEF circlets, since they've always been situational upgrades at best. For the supports that just want to stack one stat, the subs aren't that critical, so you can farm a new one if necessary. 

But I'm in the same boat, somewhere around 900 artifacts, and I kept hitting the cap when I was farming for Yoimiya's Bollide set (since the only way it was an upgrade was with great substats).
        [deleted]
            After a month? Mine fills up like in a week or two
        I play since launch. At some point you get that many artifacts with good subs, good potential, but not enough exp to level them.
            This right here. I've burned myself too many times getting rid of artifacts that look "bad" but then find out later when the Genshin optimizer recommends it as a good piece for a build but it no longer exists in my inventory. Now I hold on to anything that looks like it might be half decent.
        Looks like you keep only the best of the best and don't plan for potential weird scaling chars.
            yes bcs they are gonna have a own set in the future anyways, and i dont plan on getting every character
        The hoarder mindset where you see a remotely usable artifact, lock it and tell yourself you'll “roll it later,” then you come back to it after 1 year and it rolls into trash stats, but you still keep it because it has two crit rolls and maybe someone will come along who needs the trash rolls. This also applies for the double crit def and hp sands/goblets/circlets.
        You never know what is useful in the future.

I had a flower with both crits, but all upgrades went onto hp%. Then Nilous comes.

I saved crits + hp% raw pieces and then Yelan came. She is my best-built just because I saved my 'scraps'. I spent 0 time in farming for her artifact due to Raiden and Xiangling...

You don't only trace for crit pieces, full em or any % pieces can be useful. You should only be throwing away flat HP/atk/def upgraded pieces (watch this comment to bite myself a year later)
            I follow the same mindset and gave yelan some near perfect rolls from my raiden's reject pile too.

my biggest fear is they release a character that has terrible base stats, can't equip a weapon but his abilities have amazing scaling so raw stats benefit him better than %.
                Thanks Satan.
            My rule of thumb is absolutely save anything with a double crit sub stats. Inevitably even if it is EM, HP, ER or Def as the main there is a character that can use it.
            flat stats (besides em) will never be useful
        When you get to late game you will find it more difficult to get artifacts that meet your standards. Happens even faster if you do routes.
            This exactly. I have somewhere in the ballpark of 100 level 20 5\* artifacts, and another 100 that are anywhere from 12-19. I have plenty of artifacts that allow me to clear abyss. The only time I lock artifacts now is if it has the correct main stat, and all four substats are exactly what I'm looking for.
        I don't need to farm anything more from the ones available in the strongbox.  And I spend all the fodder I can get.  I have 1400+ gold artifacts.  I've started to treat those like fodder because I'd rather level stuff up over just getting more out of the strongboxes.
        I lock like 50 of every artifact sets, and there's 26 sets so that's already 1300.
        Strongboxing feels like fruitless work. Besides I started playing before it was introduced and already had too many artifacts at the time.

Now if I could mark artifacts as trash when I receive them and then automatically fodder trash that would be improvement.
        The farther you get in the game the higher your artifact standards increase. You just end up piling up a ton of 5 star artifacts. Then you start leveling some potentially decent 5 stars artifacts to reveal the 4th substat and you think to yourself that you can use those trash +4s as fodder for other 5 stars. Hey, I can get rid of 13 3 star artifacts to get a 5 star artifact that I can fodder to promote another 5 star to +4? Not a bad trade. Then those +4s start piling up too because your standards keep increasing and there's not much to level and when you do you use your 3 and 4 star artifacts first to clear up inventory space and by the time you're done leveling those +4s are still there. But maybe some of those +4 are actually kind of decent now with the release of new characters? Ah crap I don't have fodder to level up the +4s because I used my lower tier artifacts. Then you spend 30 minutes strongboxing and it's really slow because you can only throw away 26 artifacts at a time when you trade away 39 to get 12 back.

Anyways jenshin is a pretty great game. Open world and stuff and lots of inventory management.

Tldnr nothing is worth leveling and when you do, you just dump artifacts to find out that the ones you got were trash anyways. Not even 25 to 30 CV and 3 usable stat lines? Probably not that good.
        People keep bad artifacts under the guise of "future characters".
        I'm at the point where I even strongbox leveled artifacts to get more artifacts to level. But 2 reasons why I always hit the cap. I artifact fodder almost every day. I also buy the battlepass. The battlepass does a lot for leveling up characters helping you have even more time to spend your resin on more artifacts and thats without really using the fragiles.

But yea I hit 1500 cap every other day. Strongbox, get more fodder, hit cap. And yet i'm still kinda picky on what I level up.

Also I just like having multiple artifacts with different ranges of CD or CR so I can better optimize for whatever each character needs especially on emblem, shim, and glad since they are so commonly used.
        My artifacts are always over 1500, most are 5 stars and quite a hassle to keep organizing.
    Too many artifacts, not a single one useful
    We desperately need another artifact inventory expansion, it's been long enough!
    i always need to feed another artifact every week when killing weekly bosses
I know that it is 80% of 10% (Also known as 8%) but the wording on the Vourukasha's Glow is poorly done. At least Witch's says "50% of it's starting value" rather than just saying a flat 80% without clarification.
    Oh thank god you pointed this out, I was losing my mind thinking that this would have been a 400% increase at 5 stacks, instead of, uh, 50%?
        If they did that, it might bring Dehya in line with other carries. Can't have that
            Lol yep, instead it's a small improvement over emblem, but comes with the condition of stacks needing to build up.
                Its a small improvement over emblem technically but her er issues are so bad to the point where emblem ends up being better
    the set is worded like that so ppl that cant read properly will think LOOOOL SEEE ITS A DEHYA BUFF
        Reading it correctly is another Dehya nerf, then
        That would be an anyone buff.
            Yeah, I just removed the Shielder from my Eula party, so she'd be getting the hits. I don't even want to think of a 400% Eula burst.
    not to mention its already a stupid set, its 20% hp is bad for almost all skill and burst users, and its requirement is impossible for everyone except like dehya and xiao, and xiao doesnt benefit from the damage since his damage is plunge
It’s hilarious that every Xiao player just wanted an Anemo version of Nymph’s Dream for his dedicated set, and then they gave us Vermillion instead lol. Lo and behold they drop this. Why, HoYo, why.
    66% ATK is great, no?
        I guess DMG Bonus worth more.
        It’s not bad, but it’s not that good either. It’s like a 10% damage increase over the 2 piece attack/Viridescent set combos.

And that’s if the substats are the same. So for many of us who farmed Xiao artifacts for 2 years before Vermillion dropped, it just wasn’t even worth it to farm again. Far more resin efficient to just keep what we had.

But if the set hat given both attack and Anemo damage bonus, *that* would have been a significant damage increase. Which we asked for, and they didn’t give it. Then they just made a hydro version of exactly what we wanted lol.
Nymph’s dream: *exist*

Those mad lads who made Barbra their dps : Hhehehehehehe
    I dont think she can even get all 3 stacks since her skill and burst dont deal damage and she probably wont be plunging. HoD is probably still better for dps build.
        Her skill does deal damage, but only when first cast, and it’s on like a seven year cooldown.  Unless you have some reliable and quick way of enabling plunge attacks (basically Venti or Albedo), it’s probably not an amazing set for her, and even with I’m not sure it’s worth it over just whatever you were already using.
            Hmm— is it? To get to 50% dmg bonus with ESF, you need 200% ER. That probably means an ER sands or ER weapon. Neither are desirable.


You could just run an ER sands with this new set, get the 20% HP and 50% dmg bonus without overcommitting on the ER.

If you’re C0, they seem similar, with the new set being slightly better. If you are C1, it’s obviously better and it’s value grows more with more constellations.
                I feel like one of three things is true:

1.	 You responded to the wrong comment, or
2.	 You didn’t realize which character we were talking about, or
3.	 You are seriously advocating for running EoSF for on-field Barbara, a character whose burst deals exactly zero damage.

I’m *guessing* it’s one of the first two.
                    Good god EoSF Barbara has me rolling
                    LOL- definitely 1. I appreciate the humored reply though.
    Has my on-field Kokomi's day in the sun finally arrived...?
        I think the bubble things are awesome with on-field Kokomi, but this looks exciting, too!
            I'm as much a fan of the clam as the next person, but it'd be nice to shake it up. Besides, that domain fuckin hates me.
                Word.
            Honestly I think Vourukasha stands a serious chance of being strictly better than clam provided you're using Kokomi as a driver in a Nilou bloom team (which guarantees you're taking damage often enough to maintain 5 stacks for as long as her burst is up). I have not run the numbers though.
    Yo I had no clue where to slap my Childe's HoD artifacts after I farm that new place, guess I just found what I'm gonna be doing
For God sake give artifact load-outs already.  It is such a chore to change artifacts.
    AND increase artifacts capacity...
        Shoot, give us a five team after a certain AR. I don’t know about y’all but the most fun I’ve had is when they give us a “trial” character and we have a five person team. The possibilities and mechanics are ridiculous.

At the very least, let us switch mid combat. Maybe it’s my own stupidity but finding out my perfectly built Catalyst is up against a boss who is invulnerable to all of my attacks. (Heizo, you’re a ninja, drop the book and use your actual  abilities)
            *angry console players* 

5 character teams is cool until you play on console, since switching to 5th char requires hitting L1+triangle or LB+Y by default depending on the console

How cumbersome that is.
    THIS. And it will only get worse as more and more characters and artefacts make it into the game.
    Yeah they really should have them by next region. This is becoming a real pain
    You have enough proper artifacts to worry about that? '-'
        yes i do..
        If you are sitting at ar60 for months on end, some of us years on end, and with decent consistent artifact luck this is inevitable. I don’t see how anyone would be against this because they have already increased artifact amount and it would be fairly easy to add in a set sorter and revamp artifact section for clarity.
        More like not enough proper artifacts for the number of characters that need it 😕
Is that and artifact set made for deyha? Lmao
    yep and its worse than emblem before c4
        If she generated a bit more energy and if her E had more applications could be good I guess.
            "if dehya was good she'd be good"
                Well, I don't think I'm asking for something groundbreaking
                    Which is what is frustrating.  As messy as her kit is, they could have easily made her not suck but they choose to do it anyway.
            I'm using Sacrificial Greatsword on her and it's fun :)
                I didn't enjoy any of her "roles"(tank and support), so I only use her as ""dps ""
        The only thing useful is the 2 piece bonus
            for nilou and shielders, for dehya it does nothing since her hp scaling are insult to jokes for how bad they are
                even for nilou, she can reach the cap hp for her bountiful cores without 2-2 if you have key. it probably is better for people without key.
                    yeah, but your average genshin player probably wont have the bis weapon for her so 2-2 is still decent, or in my case i have key and am still not at the 75k hp point with hydro resonance
                    If you have Key, you're still getting HP to EM conversion with no limit. So it's not a bad thing either for her to go double 20% HP.
                I read someone else say dendro cores don't activate the 2 piece effect, so the set wouldn't be vialbe for Nilou.
                    on nilou you would go 2 piece tenacity and 2 piece this set so you can increase the bloom buff she gives
            ..and 2 piece bonus is only useful for C1+ Dehya

I was hoping that they will buff this artifact set but I guess they really want Dehya to be this bad.
                I'm more surprised a standard character having its own artifact set that no one else can use the 4 piece bonus
                    Keqing was the only competent user of thundering fury for forever. Diluc is basically the only character that uses crimson witch to full efficiency.

Having a character specific artifact set doesn't really mean much for standard characters. We have some artifact sets that are stinkers and others that are niche and some that are super broad.

Other characters *can* stack the bonus from this set, it just isn't quite as easy. You can do it from burning, bloom or burgeon damage.
                    i was going to comment diluc, but bennett can also use cwof 4p.
                        Hu Tao uses it as well
                            not to full efficiency. she uses it for vape/melt dmg bonus and one stack pyro dmg bonus, whereas diluc and bennett can stack the 4p easily.
                    very unusual, isn't it.

...I wonder if there could be a reason for that, contradictory to her appearance on standard.

No, I'm sure the fact nobody knew she was standard until the trailer was just a complete coincidence.
                        I don't think it's much of a secret that they tossed Dehya into standard rather than try to fix her kit because they didn't want to have an expectation to rerun her at some point and have another poorly selling banner when they could just eat the poor sales for one cycle while building FOMO for the weapon banner.
                            I mean, one way of fixing her was to release artifact set tailored for her and then rerun her. Instead, they just tossed her into standard banner so she wont bother them anymore.
                                They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
        Only if you are interested in her being a main. If you play her for support with something like Tenacity, this set will also do buffing her personal damage over team damage which might be better in some teams since not all teams scale use atk.
            from the way i think the set will work. it will be shit if you use only her skill, her skill snapshots buffs, so you will have to place her skill first, take dmg and get 5 stacks then place it again with barely any time left to use the buff, but the timing to get it right will be rough since stacks have independent timers, not only that but how useful will 50%-42% damage increase be when your skill hits like a noodle.

now if the way i think the set will work is wrong, it still isnt too great bcs it first needs to stack and youre still hitting like a noodle.

lastly, the teams where you bring dehya as not the damage dealer,  would be ganyu burn, where you want to use tenacity to buff ganyu more and use dehya only for the pyro applier and small utility she gives, or burgeon team where you need to have as much em as possible with gilded or lost paradise set
                I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless. I get there are questionable aspects to her but if you were to make a set like this you would make it work or just change the requirement, like the extra comes from her casting skill which she can do twice.

And she does fit on other teams even they aren't considered meta so reducing the conversation around the set to only Ganyu and burgeon isn't productive when people are using her outside of that. That said Tenacity would still likely the go too since it is a good set and her personal damage is so low 50% more isn't going to be huge particularly at c0.
                    her skill does snapshot the burst doesnt, the set buff im not sure. and by making other teams, any team can be played just wont be good, the teams i have in mind are ones that she noticably contributes to the team and even in the teams you think of, the result will be the same, so the artifact is still worthless
                        Sorry I misread that you said her skill does snapshot as you were unsure, that is on me. That is the first I heard of that, that would make this set worse if there isn't some thing where it forces it or they change her skill, you would have to wait for her second rotation before benefiting from it. When I saw the details of it even if it ignores snapshotting, it looked like a sidegrade or at least not a set worth farming if you had a Tenacity. But if you happen to get one or don't want to farm Tenacity domain you can use it on her.
                    > I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless

Her skill snapshots on cast and on recast. It's not a huge issue because you should have basically full uptime after your first rotation, especially if you have c2 dehya (quite possible with her being standard which likely means she'll be in lost 50/50's too).

You can just hold the recast on skill until you've taken damage from literally any source - I currently like to play dehya in burning subreactions, so nahida hold E -> dehya E starts the ticking and then I can cycle through other characters or dawdle a bit before recast.
        [removed]
            right? especially next patch since she will be on standard banner so people can get her at ANY time so they can get c4 dehya TOO!! /s
        It's actually about 10-13% better at 220-240 ER, assuming equal substats assuming you're bursting on cooldown. You need 300% ER on EoSF for it to literally be within 1%. If you're not bursting on cooldown dehya's personal dps contributions to the team will be worse but the set will be better than EoSF.

C2 is where the new set gets "really good", because more of dehya's damage is shifted towards her skill there.
            if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah. not only that, but it requires you to have same stats with the new set which you just wont have, then with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration and if you need constellations to make a set seem better is a horrible and shitty character and set
                > if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah.

No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

So the relevant portion is the buff to skill and burst, vs just the buff to burst. Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%. To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting. So equivalent substats you're doing either 150% of total, or ~33 + (67*1.55~1.65) = 130-142%.

I believe you're trying to make an appeal for weapon substats because of how much energy they can provide, but it doesn't really matter, because you can trade out attack% for ER or you can get crit on weapon or something like that. Or use a higher base damage weapon.

You're also assuming that everyone has pre-farmed an EoSF set, which isn't necessarily the case.

> with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration

Redmane's blood can only be filled while the skill is active, but it keeps ticking even after the skill has ended. It's *really* not hard for dehya to maintain full uptime on all of the stacks, because taking any damage once every 10 seconds will keep the stacks active. Significantly easier at c2 but genuinely not a problem at c0.
                    I have no idea where you're getting the numbers you've been citing from.

TL;DR at the bottom and why the difference at C0 in the best case scenario is significantly less than any number you've said

> No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

these substats are not equivalent in value. 4 HP rolls amount to next to nothing in terms of damage for C0 Dehya, a couple extra 1000s of DMG at most, whereas 4 ER rolls translates to 4 extra rolls of useful damage sources (crit, atk, em) on your artifacts, which actually amounts to a damage increase. 

1 crit substat is worth ~2x as much as that 20% HP, so if we assume you exchange 2 ER rolls for 2 crit rolls, 1 atk and 1 EM roll each for 1 ER roll, you get ~3,5-3,75 worth of 20% HP 2pc, for the record.

> Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%.

on what team? at C0, on mono-Pyro, her skill is going to be ~27-28%(~949% ATK + 7.8% HP on her 2 skill uses + 5 field procs) vs (2013% ATK + 34% HP), and it goes further down at C1. 

on Vape Hypercarry, C0, it's closer to like 15-20%, depending on if u get vapes on E casts or not. at C1 it's under 15%. 

> To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting

again, what team?

on Vape Hypercarry, which has dogshit energy generation, using ER calculator, u need 230 on safe RNG to burst on cooldown assuming single target, Fav Kazuha, low HP particles, 1 Bennet E funneled (which u can do while bursting on cooldown) and Dehya catching none of her own particles. this is genuinely worst case scenario and practically results in way less damage than playing her with 150-180 ER (depending on the rest of ur team and artifacts) and funneling more than 1 Bennet E. 1 more funnel (which would include one of Dehya's own particles) gets her down to 184 in the same calc. assuming Dehya players use (and they they SHOULD use) that much ER is completely non practical.

on mono-Pyro these ER reqs are way off, she needs like 150-170 to be safe if u play rotations well.

now, for the actual math: using all of the above, let's assume C0 Dehya is using her new set on mono Pyro, at the minimum required ER of 150% and is maintaining perfect uptime. the new set will give her a net gain of about 20-21% more damage total, whereas Emblem will give her about 13%. let's assume it's 21% on new set and 12% on emblem. the new set would be 121/112 ~= 1,08 -> about 8% stronger. 

this 8% is the BEST CASE scenario for the new set, and doesn't take into account the % made up for with the artifact rolls I mentioned earlier. if we used higher ER reqs and Vape Carry, this gap is closed very quickly.
                    i used fav and inazuma weapon because of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6UTuQbKvIk&t=155s) video at 2:40, since that seems to be closest increase you claim. sure, me assuming everyone has pre farmed eosf is a stretch. the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce, most of the time you wont utilize the full buff and we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt. i assume it doesnt so you will have to do weird rotations to snapshot the full buff on her skill, on her burst it wont be too much of a problem if you arent against enemies that get staggered by her punches and redmane ticks help. and im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2
                        >  the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce ...  im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2

Do you not know how redmanes blood works?

When any active character takes damage while in the aoe of dehya's skill, up to 50% of that damage goes into redmanes blood, which is portioned out over the next 10 seconds. This is "reset" every time a new instance of damage occurs. This damage continues to tick even if the skill ends. This applies even to damage from things like torches/campfires, burning, or dendro cores. Every instance of this damage over time will add or refresh one stack from the artifact set.

Dehya's skill at c0 has a 12s (closer to 13s because of animations) uptime with an 18s cooldown. If you take damage at 8 seconds into skills duration, you will still have stacks when you recast skill. It is trivially easy to maintain 100% uptime on all stacks of the new set.

> we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt

That isn't a function of the artifact set, it's a function of dehya's kit. Dehya's skill snapshots on cast or on recast. Dehya's burst does not snapshot. It's not particularly hard to recast skill to capture the buff and burst should always have it.
                            ight
                                I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
                                    dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
        So would a 4 pc of this be better than emblem of C4 to C6 Dehya? Debating if I want to farm a set for her.
    Oh no, you mentioned She Who Must Not Be Named. Pray that the mods don't find your comment.
    SHHHH can't mention her name around here, else your comment will get sent to the shadowrealm by bootlicking mods.  


\*clears throat\* This will be great for Dehya! This fixes everything! Hurray! Banzai!
    The 2nd? Yeah it is

Funny thing: before C4 emblem is better if you want to use her as dps xD
        Even if you want her as dps emblem is better. The new set is only marginally better and it comes with the condition that you need to wind up all 5 stacks to get there. It's not even close to as good as emblem at the start of combat/new chamber in abyss because of that condition.
    Technically not only a dehya set, she just has the easiest time activating it. It can work with burning, bloom and burgeon.
        >!That was tested in the beta. It doesn’t work with Dendro cores.!<
    It’s probably made for the 4.x characters that come with fountaine. Like how we got a dendro set and a em/more broad set.
    I’m thinkin’ Hu Tao would like that one. But yeah, +HP and taking damage while off field to increase skill damage is definitely Deyah.
        Hu tao doesnt scale off skill damage so it would just be burst damage one time. Compared to 4 shime or 4 cw it is probably pretty lackluster to get just 80% burst damage.
Nymph? I sense a disturbance in the Sea Of Quanta...
    Hello fellow honkai player
        Grettings fellow captain.
I have a feeling that hydro set will be heavily used by hydro Fontaine characters in the future. Perhaps it's time to stockpile them

Edit: but then again, future hydro characters will most likely scale off HP
    I mean it's good to farm if you have Dehya,but otherwise? I really don't see the point. We already have a pre-existing hydro 4 pc set which is almost the same as this one.
    I'd like to believe that too but on the other hand it's hard to believe that one entire new nation with new areas wouldn't have new artifact sets that are supposed to work with hydro characters belonging to that nation.
Is this worth to farm for Ayato? I have him on a good ratio with 4pc glad

Edit: y’all are right it’s not worth the mental strain
    The difference is probably not worth the resin. Plus glad has the advantage of passive farming.
    After nerding on the numbers for Ayato only the nymph set is only 1% better than HOD, due to stacks minimal time loss on CA and the burst not snapshoting with all the stacks.

  


Gladiator being slightly better than HOD might be just the same and Echoes slightly better if you're not on high ping.
    if you have good ratio, probably not tbh
Vourukasha's Glow looks quite disappointing. I know it says 80% per stack, but considering how unreliable the damage taking is, a player will never max out the stack count without purposely getting hot, which means losing precious damage windows. Plus, the duration is quite short.

For Dehya specifically, that won't fix her. This won't fix her energy issue and will only marginally increase her pitiful damage. With all that info, this makes it even more important to slander Dehya in the survey at the end of the patch.

Edit:  Nilou is an exception for this one, but considering it applies to the artifacts holder and considering Bloom owndership is chaotic at best in that team, it's still not a very good set from the looks of it.
    the worse part is that the way its worded makes it looks like you can get 400% dmg bonus when in reality each stack adds 8% to the base 10% dmg bonus, so 50% dmg bonus max(10+(8x5))
        I smell apologems
    Yep lol. It's a joke if it's meant to fix Dehya (honestly doubt she was even a thought when making this and it's for bloom.)

It's  barely (and I mean *barely*) an improvement over emblem BUT you need to have all 5 stacks up to get there, so it won't get there until combat is over in a dungeon or in overworld, and in abyss it'll lag behind what you could have been doing with emblem. 👍🏻 hoyo, yet another *great* balance decision.
First one looks fantastic

second one looks... situational.
    i mean even the first one, who really uses it? certainly not koko, ayato, yelan since its an atk set, and not xq since hes better with emblem.

that just leaves childe, who already has a set since 2 years ago..

to top it off, it works on hydro characters only despite how it looks
        Ayato primarily scales off of attack tho
Would Ayato like Nymphs Dream too?
    [deleted]
        That honestly doesnt mean much. When husk came out i did the same for noelle and it stated an increase of 1k using husk instead of bolide with same stats. However, a few months later i rotated zhongli to big meatball build and had enough husk leftover to give a trial run with noelle. That set had 300 less def and 30%less cdmg than my bolide set. It also increased my maximum dpmage per swing by 7k.

Calcs are all well and good, but sometimes things go wierd.
            [deleted]
The second artifact set pisses me the fuck off. Ignoring the part where calculations say that it's only a few percent stronger then Emblem for Dehya, WHY THE FUCK IS THE DURATION OF THE BUFF ONLY 5 SECONDS WHEN THE SET IT'S PAIRED WITH LASTS 8? IT WAS NERFED FROM 8?? This means that you might not even have the buff fully stacked for the full duration of your burst.

Assuming you're attempting to use a hypercarry team with Dehya/Mona/Kazuha/Bennett. The rotation to maximally buff Dehya's burst goes Dehya E -> Bennett Q -> Kazuha swirl -> Mona Q + E -> Dehya Q. You'd want to get hit probably around 3 seconds before casting your burst in order to maximize the buff (we use the 2 seconds of burst animation to let it stack a bit more). That's the time where Mona, YOUR SQUISHIEST CHARACTER, is on field, and depending on how slowly you did your rotation or if something went wrong, your 9s super armor from your passive (WHICH RANDOMLY HAS AN INDEPENDENT COOLDOWN FOR SOME REASON) may have expired by now, meaning you really don't want Mona to facetank anything because she could get knocked around or die. Also, this is the time where you're in burst animation, so you'll probably also i-frame through things that are hitting you during that time anyways.

"Oh but you can still get hit during burst and keep stacks on the buff then!" Yeah sure, the burst that REMOVES YOUR SKILL'S DEFENSIVE UTILITY AND BLEED EFFECT? MEANING THAT YOU CAN EASILY DIE IF YOU TRY TO FACETANK TOO MANY ATTACKS??? I've died so many times against Triple Maguu Kenki and the Frostarm Lawachurls while using Dehya, and it just didn't have to be this way. Removing the bleed also means that you only maintain a single stack instead of easily holding all 5 stacks. 

Holy fucking shit I fully believe that the balance team really do maliciously and actively hate Dehya. She cannot have a single thing going for her without them putting a giant asterisk on it saying "actually she's shit at this too," or "you need to jump through 15 hoops to make her barely above mediocre." WHY CAN'T THEY LET HER WORK WITH HERSELF??
    They are fucking despicable for what they've done to Dehya. It's unforgivable.
Kowalski the Theory Crafter!

Analysis!
    Best from this domain is a 2nd 2pc HP set
        Good for who?
            Nilou, shield bots
                Eh not a Nilou main sorry 😐😔


Oh well... I guess the Hydro one for Ayato and maybe Focalors will do!
                    Ayato's current sets aren't worse than this one. There's no reason to farm this basically.
            WHOOOOO!!!!!
Artifact set for D which nothing changes and worse than emblem. Hoyoverse keeping the disappointment level.
    I mean emblem is really for her burst. I think for support capacity Dehya if you have this and sacrificial to always keep her E up, its quite an upgrade from her current state. But still, she needs so much more work (still on that hopium for a buff)
    D is Dendro?
        she-who-must-not-be-named
            Ahhh
        De̵̙̣̠͎̱͊̌͆̈́͜h̴̘̤͚̯̜͖̎̇̂̅͛̊̏͠y̵̜͇̜͆̑́a̸̤̮̼̯̣̻̦̘̦̯̭͊͛́̇̃̌̓͠ͅͅ
I'll probably be hiding in this domain farming for focalors and nilou for the foreseeable future
Oke im dumb or the description just doesnt make any sense at all. Soo the vourukasha glow. Is it per stack 80% dmg bonus increase or is it 5 stacks 80% dmg bonus increase ?  Does this dmg bonus count as burst also or is it just 10% for burst and elemental ?
    It's 80% of the initial 10% bonus. Means a total of 50% at full stacks.

It's not extra dmg, It's a smg buff to burst and skill
    the set description is for iliterate people so they think OOH GOOD FOR DEHYA SEE SHE IS FIXED, each stack increases skill and burst damage by 80% of the original damage increase being 10%, so 80% of 10% is 8% increase per stack, so you would get 5\*8% plus the original 10% bonus skill and burst damage which would make it a 50% increase
        whats funny is she would still suck even with that set, 500% if 0 is still 0
Me, a Childe main that would do anything to make Childe stronger: I feel a disturbance in the force
My new home it seems
I wonder if that new hydro set would be good for my DPS Barbara
Am I the only one who finds it weird that it's worder "ES/EB DMG will be increased by 10%, +80% of said bonus for 5s after taking DMG" instead of "ES/EB DMG will be increased by 10%, +8% for 5s after taking DMG"?
Oh how i wish that Nymph set was pyro instead of hydro. It would be Klee's dream.
    funnily enough it will work better on dehya too than her literal dedicated set
    Klee deserves a set. I think she's the only limited 5 star now without her own set.
Have any smart people worked out whether or not ND beats HOD for Childe yet and if so by how much?
    Childe mains discord did a pre calc. Roughly 3-8% better than HOD depending on weapon and stuff. Polar Star gets the most benefit
    Just compared numbers with dynamic stacks compared to HOD on a calculator and the difference is 8 to 9% aka 364k to 400k per rotation
Hello fellow Dehya players, I'm here for you. Don't use this on your Dehya. Emblem is better; I'm sorry. Good luck out there, warriors.
Are any of these good for Nilou? I use 2pc hydro and 2pc mill for her right now.
    the hp% one will be, now you can go double 2hp% and hit her buff cap easier
        Is the extra hp% better than hydro%? I always wonder if I should take off her hydro gob and replace it with an Hp one
            unless youre using nilou for vape teams, you have to go max hp% since nilou in the teams she is meant to be isnt on field doing damage, instead she creates the hydro ring, buffs bloom damage and leaves for dendro characters to proc blooms
    2pc hp is pretty good for nilou bloom
Yeah, that Vourukasha's Glow stack duration could easily be buffed and simply not hurt anyone.

It's too tight for any quickswap team that bursts a lot, heck essentially anti-synergistic, it's much more suitable for Dehya support teams. But in that build, is giving her ToTM better or should we focus on her damage?

Not to mention since Dehya doesn't snapshot her burst, you might not even have full buff uptime during your burst (You probably have to switch a burst instantly.)
    Speaking of that buff duration... funny enough it was *nerfed* during beta. It originally was 8 seconds and then during beta got nerfed to 5 seconds.
Do you guys think the Hydro set is for Focalors? I'd be willing to prefarm it if it is.
    They've never released an Archon's preferred set before their respective region releases, so I'd imagine not.

I'd also be very surprised if Focalors scales  with Atk% given Hydro's modern bias towards HP.
        Yeah, makes sense but no recent Hydro characters and seemingly the only Hydro in horizon being her got me wondering. Thanks for the input.
    Don't be a dum dum and don't pre-farm artifact sets for characters that are not going to be with us for many months. Do it for Childe if you have him, skip if you don't.
        Is this not an Ayato set? Don't his Q and E both hit before he starts spamming attacks in his normal rotation?
            This set has almost the same passive as polar star, which Is Childe's BiS. He can easily trigger 4/5 stacks by just playing normally and refresh them to keep max effect from the passive.

In contrast, Ayato can only refresh NA and Burst stacks  when he Is on field, and doesn't benefit as much as Childe.
                Oh, I thought Childe's burst pulled him out of melee mode, but looking it up that doesn't seem to happen? Not sure why I thought it did.
                    Childe has 2 Burst modes:

Range Burst deals less damage and applies a riptide mark (also restores 15 energy)

Melee Burst deals more damage and deals a second explosion after removing riptide mark (doesn't restore energy)
            If you think that more operators can use it, then by all means, correct me. I focused on Childe specifically because the set works like Polar Star.
    archons r typically supports and this set is dps focused, so i don't think so. she might be a hybrid like raisho though
        Emblem is DPS focused
        Venti, Raiden, and Nahida all do good damage, although Venti usually just builds EM.
Ok, now we can FINALLY stop having to deal with people claiming that Dehya will be "fixed by artifacts."
    Although unfortunately there probably will still be a bunch who will read the convoluted description wrong and say that "oh but it gives such a huge buff!!1!", also not realizing that you don't bleed in burst.

Edit: just tested, she still bleeds in burst if you took damage before. It will not work, however, if you don't get hit while setting her up, since she picks up the field.
        Where are you getting that bleed doesn't happen during burst? Especially when she has an ascension passive that mentions if she gathers her skill field with her burst, Dehya will take 60% less damage from redmane blood.
            Oh, my bad, it works, I asked earlier in another conversation, but just tested that she can still bleed if you took damage before.
What characters, if any,  would benefit from HoD more than Nymphs?
    Ayato would, depending on the weapon and team you use. Not a big difference, though
Hmm why do they keep putting the statement "this is under development and is not indicative of the final product" in the bottom right hand corner.

Have they ever actually changed anything from what is shown in the live stream?
Wow, if you stack that set on Nilou and she has her weapon, she might simply kill everything on the field including your team.  Healer may not even get a chance
mods with their fingers on the trigger ready to ban anyone who says that the Dehya set is trash
Is just me or this isn't too much of a big fix for Dehya kit?

Anyway the hydro seems nice for Ayato. Maybe I'll farm a bit.
    It’s 80% of the initial 10% damage bonus, otherwise known as 8%. So a total of 50%. It’s a few percent better then emblem at certain break points and yet again has anti synergy with her C6 since the bleed doesn’t happen during your burst and stacks will start falling off
I'll be living in this domain for my driver Nilou, Yelan, and C6 Mona
    Lol same here. My Nilou, c5 Mona and Ayato were waiting for this moment!
    But Yelan doesn't scale with attack tho? Isn't emblem just better because she "drives" using her burst?
        I'll be farming 2 piece hp% and 2 piece hydro for Yelan since she's C3 and I can get by with lower ER%
Ah… time for new experiments with my DPS Babs and Candace 

*they are the only Hydro units I like as of right now and thus are the only ones I choose to use at this point, so yes I know they’re not built for that - I don’t care, that’s how I use them
    I'm gonna try the set for a Mona rebuild..... Will see if I get better stats than 4pc glad I have on Candace atm.
I can hardly keep up farming for the others, I don't need new artifacts. Give me more story quests with the abundance of characters so they aren't forgotten!
Would Nymph’s Dream be good for Candace DPS?
Well, those are certainly arts, and they are new. Umm
My Nilou is already broken.  But sure, I'll break her even more if you insist, Hoyo...
More options for my vape Yelan
    You're gonna make 2pc hydro + 2pc hydro?
        Im just gonna use the set that gives me the most damage base on their substats.
At least one of them has a useful 2-piece
    Both have
are you kidding me. i spent almost two months farming heart of depth for childe and now this comes out. well just gonna wait and find out
Will Nymph be good on Nilou? Im struggling to find good pieces (ik i shouldnt worry much about this, but my Nilou is kinda weak)
The second one would be great for my future nilou
    2pc is pretty nice. 4 piece is terrible on her.
How's the Hydro set possibly looking on Nilou?
    ATK is useless on her
    Not really good?

Tho 2pc hp from the other is pretty good
Is that 2nd set good on beidou? Since her burst snapshots
    Emblem's better.

The second set isn't actually good on anyone, including Dehya herself.
That glow artifact looks good on dehya.

Hoyo pls fix dehya
Does Dehya's damage mitigation thing counts as taking damage? The HP set looks like it's for her! I'm going to give her that set!
    Yes

However. Pre C4 emblem is a better set, due to her er requirements (for a dps)

And for a e bot tom is a better support set
        I'm using Sacrificial Greatsword on her and she doesn't suffer terribly from low ER. Generally I'm using her as both; E bot and sort-of kinda DPS haha. It's a mess, but really fun. Right now I'm using 2x2pc Witch of Flames and Gladiator; with ATK, Pyro DMG and HP.
            uhm well it's doable, but you really want a lot of er for her before c4 (more than 200). do you have perhaps other character with favonius weapon in the team to help her? and have do you have c1 or no? cause if I understand your setup I think she will benefit more with atk/pyro/crit rate (good for favonius proc) or crit damage
    yeah but its a joke of a set
        I'm playing for fun, so I don't really care – and it looks fun to me!
            I don't understand
                Don't understand what?
            If you don't care, why are you giving her that set?? Why do you even care about artifacts, give her random that match her colour better.
            I play for fun too, doesn't mean I have low standards.

\*edit, to clarify I ONLY mean that we should expect both a better kit for Dehya and better artifacts since they require so much time and investment.

&#x200B;

I am NOT saying that getting this set for Dehya = bad idea/not fun. Just to be clear. You absolutely can have a fun time with someone who's not meta and I don't mean to imply otherwise, just that you should still hold every character/artifact to a standard set by pretty much everyone else and not accept lessor ones.
            if thats the case, you do you and have fun
    Would Corrosion trigger the 4pc effect for anyone?!
What y'all think for Yelan for either of these? I feel like they'd be decent but emblem probably stays winning
    No, stick with Emblem. For one the hydro-set doesn't look like it can be triggered off-field and boosts attack; Yelan scales with HP. The second set, that 4-piece bonus is doing nothing for her, she's not going to be constantly taking damage.
Glowy Thoma yus
Setup for hydro archon?
    Doubt it cause hydro is mainly a support element and also hydro nowadays leans to hp. Lastly, the 4 stats for the set is almost a carbon copy of Polar Star. So Childe's set
        They could literally do the first hydro main dps with archon. The hydro supports are so cracked already idk how you would top them so o would lean them to be main dps or heavy CC
For i sec i thought i saw "Nympho's" and was like... So which character is that for? 🤔
How would Nymph’s interact with Yelan/XQs burst? And how does in compare to Emblem?
I wonder how these sets will work for Mona and Hutao respectively. I also wonder if Hutao’s elemental skill procs the bonus of Vourukasha’s
[deleted]
    Emblem is better for dehya
        [deleted]
            Who said anything about that you weirdo? People were just trying to help you out, literally nobody said what they did in a mean way, at least until you decided to respond like this.

Nobody also said you couldn't play how you wanted, we just pointed out it's worse.

Also using someone improperly is fun? There's nothing improper about using this new set on her...what are you even talking about? They said emblem was better not that this new set would be horrible on her.

Like, maybe in your quest to defend Dehya because critisism of a fictional character offends you, you should learn to read what people actually say? You just made up literally everything you just said.
    Putting the second set on Dehya will make her worse unless you've got her C4+, whereupon it'll be farming an entirely new set for a ~1% increase.
        [deleted]
            Then why'd you farm the new set either?
Im really regretting not going for C1 Dehya right about now. Also what does everyone think that hydro set for Ayato? Seems like itd be on par with his current if not stronger considering its boosting hydro dmg as well
    Yeah sure you are mr hoyoverse employee, this artifact set does not help her be playable
Ya this artifact sets are insane. The hydro damage one is insane ESPECIALLY BEFORE FONTAINE and on top of it you get 20%hp which is always great
    [deleted]
        The 4p bonus is a toned down version of polar star, how do you think it's just "okayish" for Childe?
            [deleted]
                >so Nymph's actually is a lot better than I initially thought.

..... time to collect fragile resins then
                This is why hod sucks on him

  


Doesn't buff elemental skill, no Riptide Slash, no Riptide burst, no elemental burst...
        Should be AMAZING for Childe it’s basically built for him. It’s essentially a second copy of polar star and can stack with the actual weapon buffs too.
that is Fontaine-looking artifact set for Hydro.
So that second set is for Dehya? 

Does it make her at least somewhat usable?
Vourukasha’s Glow looks like it’s gonna try to make Dehya actually good. At present, she’s one of the only characters who can mitigate damage from off-field. Depending on how long it takes those stacks to build, she could easily give a 410% attack bonus just from keeping her E up.

I mean, she’s still got a lot of issues, but that seems kinda compelling to me.
    It’s 50% not 410% it says “the aforementioned damage bonus increases by 80%” meaning 80% of 10. So 8% per stack.
        Wow they need a technical writer. Now that I look at it, that is so vague that it hurts.
Depends on your substats, I'd say it's a good choice if you're farming the other set for Dehya.
    Why would you be farming the other set for Dehya? Emblem is a lot better
        Probably is, but I don't mind her ER issues. I mostly play her overworld anyway and only use her burst every now and then.
            If you only play her overworld why would you ever waste time on farming a set for her?
                Cause I like her
    As if anyone’s gonna farm for Dehya lmao
        I plan on farming for her 😕
        Me
Probably not worth farming the entire 4pc set for, no. But being that Candace has a split scaling problem, I'd say 2pc Hydro/2pc Hydro may be the way to go instead, that way the 2pc set bonus benefits you're NA/CA and skill/burst dmg. But it would probably lower your NA dmg a bit. I like forward vape with my Candace, so I'd prefer the double 2pc Hydro.
I also have a really good 4p Glad for onfield Candace already but I'm farming this domain regardless for Nilou. The new set is preferable because Candace has low base attack and some free damage% in her base kit, but it's very dependent on weapon and substats. Dehya doesn't need this domain tho, unless you have her C4+ lol
I’m not sure if it would come out stronger but seeing as how it would buff her burst dmg and Na dmg as well as her atk% since her nas scale off atk it should be better. I’ll have to try it once it comes out.
Same with Nilou Bloom
    And Layla
        Nah Layla 4p ToM is better cus shield strength
    Up to a point: beyond 75k it won't matter, so you shouldn't bother beyond 75k.

Obviously, with 2-pc tenacity, 2-pc of the new HP set (vourukasha's glow(?)), it will be easier to reach 75k without as many issues, but the seperation between it and 2-pc EM (gilded, wanderers, etc) will need to be seen first.
        I don't pull on weapon banner, so my Nilou won't be close to 75k even with double HP% artifacts.
        i’d imagine the 2pc hp 2pc hp will make hitting 75k much easier without her signature weapon.
            Hard to say easier though. You would need a few pieces to max roll hp% on substat. Having the key would be technically easier to reach 75k, just cause you aren't relying too heavily on artifact rolls. But the issue there is either luck or willingness to spend a couple hundred on the weapon banner. T_T
        tldr: good choice for those who dont have BiS weapon. those who have it, can forget the artifact to improve nilou
    Onfield Nilou makes amazing use of the 4pc bonus.  Her constant self damage triggers the stacks, granting a continual 50% bonus to skill and burst damage.  And remember, her infused NAs are skill damage.
        what's team for on field nilou?
            it is the same as the one you use but you don't need xingqiu/yelan and give that slot to a healer and nilou use the sacrificial sword to first activate the aura then the hydro infusion. standard team i use is barbara nilou dendro MC and yaoyao
                Sacrificial Sword definitely isn't needed.  Key is obviously preferred, but Iron Sting helps with Bloom damage.
            Nilour Bloom but Nilou is played as the on field character ?
2pc HP is enough. Dont be too reliant on shield.

I think 4pc tenacity is more beneficial to the team
    People with Zhongli have long since forgotten how to dodge. Hell they've probably forgotten that you can dash to dodge incoming damage.
        can confirm as a fellow zhongli brainrot user
            I’m so far gone that I have him triple crowned
                Good day to you fellow Kindred in Triple Crowned Zhongli. May your shield never fail yet another day
                Don't worry, I'm not too far behind with 9/10/10
                He is my only triple crowned character so yeah I can't dodge for shit
            I second this, when I use him, I will literally stand stil and wait for CDs if I have shield unbroken, and with 50k hp that's not hard
        Me as Zhongli enjoyer: "Hold E to dodge damage right?"
            I definitely thought it was doing T pose to assert dominance...
                That's because he is
            Mona enjoyers: you right!
        What is this "incoming" damage you speak of? Aren't our characters the only ones that do damage? The enemies just do funny little dances before dying...

>!Yeah fuck that, consecrated beasts showed me exactly how strong Zhongli shield is lmao!<
        Me who has learned to both dodge and tank:
            Yeahhhh, whenever I'm about to get hit by a boss and I have no stamina left, I switch over to meat-shield Yaoyao and just tank that slap.

YAOYAO, I'M SO SORRY, BUT YOU HAVE 40K+ HP
                That hurt real bad...
                    It's fine Yao Yao, here, eat a radish and walk it off.
                That is literally me 💀
                Same but Nilou. I've forgotten to bring a healer to a few fights and just swap to 60k HP Nilou whenever a hit comes.
                    the peak of Nilou is just running Kokomi + Yelan + Nilou and having ~140,000 total HP to just absorb hits
                        Yas!
                This is me lmao i'm so sorry Yaoyao :(
                this is the way
            Me who dodges into damage with my C6 Zhongli:
        I pulled zhongli the week I started playing the game and haven't removed him from my party ever since. I wanted to actually try out a team comp for once and I literally get hit by everything LMAO. It's not even a skill issue, even though I am unskilled. I literally just can't remember that I'm actually supposed to dodge stuff until after it hits me lol
        Wait what
            Dashing gives you I-Frames.
                Dam. My Zhongli has carried me through the game lol
                    same here, first 5 star so my dodge ability has always been doomed
                Wait dashing gives i-frames? I had no clue that's a thing.
                    Yep, in fact you can dash through attacks that should absolutely hit you. Like the Ruin Serpent's rolling attack.
                The Dark Souls player I am was overjoyed with that realisation back when I started. Still utilise it to this day😤
        I have C0 Hu Tao. I can't dodge because I don't have any stamina ever.
        Don't worry I already didn't know how to dodge long before I even started using Zhongli
        I haven't forgotten. Mainly because the Stagger mechanic is infuriating enough to make the lack of Shields frustratingly obvious.
    >Dont be too reliant on shield.

I like being able to turn my brain off. Leave me alone.
    Not when half the bosses in the game immediately kill your pillar
        Not really? Your pillar dying doesn’t kill your shield lol
            But no tenacity buff
                Oh I see what you’re getting at! But doesn’t tenacity also take effect even when he’s not on the field? See:

“This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.”

So, usually you pop his shield and go to a different char; hence “more beneficial for the team” and not “more beneficial for main dps Zhongli”

For me, and many players, we don’t even pay attention to his pillar, we use Zhongli for shield and maybe the occasional ult and go to town with our team’s skills.

Not that it doesn’t suck that god of geo’s pillar disappears in the face of a small boss…
                    Tenacity works when not on field, but it needs an ability to continually hit enemies, which the pillar cannot do if it gets destroyed
                    Yes it triggers off field, but it can only do so if the pillar pulses hit an enemy. Otherwise you get the ATK buff for just 3 seconds and once your pillar it's gone that's it. That's what the other person meant. When half the bosses immediately destroy the pillar, you won't reliably get the buff anyway.
    I used to be super reliant on him. Dendro kind of broke me out of that. Now, having a main Dendro user is kind of taking me back into it cause I can bring Zhongli back into the mix alongside Nahida, Kuki, and Al
        All the same, you really don't need that much HP for Zhongli. I've been using Tenacity for a long time, and the only time I've ever had issues with his shield were due to my own negligence.
4pc tenacity is probably better tbh. The extra shield strength it gives provides way more than extra hp.
    Overkill to create a 60k hp zhongli with shield strength on top of that.

You could just play him with 40k hp and some geo dmg or burst dmg, that way his shield still protects even in abyss12, but his meatball actually does up to 100k damage instead of being only a stun
        No, i'm talking about 2pc hp hp and 4pc tenacity. I'm saying that the tenacity shield strength buff is better than the hp% that you get from 2pc 2pc.

And the atk% buff from tenacity works on him too, so he gets extra attack as well.
            Tenacity doesn't work when equipped on off-field characters. 

E.g. ZL with Tenacity off-field does nothing for shield strength. 

But you could in theory run ZL on HP/HP and 4x Tenacity with the on-field DPS for max shield value.

Edit: I'm way too tired. I was thinking that old set paired with Petra. Assuming I'm not misrembering again, Tenacity is amazing on ZL.
        Dunno how you're getting 60k HP with TotM. I have all HP pieces and Black Tassel with good HP and HP% sub rolls and he's still just barely shy of 50k without Hydro resonance.
        I play mine with the 4pc geo set only to get that 35% DMG boost on crystalze.
            that only apply to the crystalize element tho its too unreliable to use. 4pc tenacity is the most underated set ever, i barely see alot of poeple use it. the 4pc set provide 20% atk to the team on skill hit, it's basicly the same as nobless but can stack with each other. its pretty good on Fishcl, yaoyao etc.
But why? The shield is already OP lol
     Because. Big hp number go boing
        You insulted all Nilou and Yelan players right here XD
    frees up some of his artifacts for my kokomi to get her a better 4pc totm
        I can get behind that! Was just farming the Tenacity domain for this same reason! Tired of switching my artifacts back and forth.
Edit: replied by accident
Isn't it overkill already xd
the 30% more shield strength from ToM is better than an extra 20% HP, + 20% ATK buff. no need to wait, max Zhongli shield bot is 4 pc ToM (coming from someone who is building Baizhu for shielding, and did calculations)
Or more HP for Nilou Bloom
    Not sure if 4 piece is worth going for, going for 2 piece minimum so could try it out.
        >!it didn't proc off dendro cores in beta, 4pc is quite literally only for dehya!<
            Man that's some bullshit.
                it's also not good on Dehya, assuming max stacks constantly it's like 1% better than Emblem. so there's like no point in farming for it if you don't need both sets.
                    It's actually better the higher constellation you have. C1 adds additional dmg from hp, C2 prolongs her E and C4 allows you to lower Dehya er.

Emblem is equal only on 200+ er and only adds to the Elemental Burst(2/3 of dmg) through it's more constant bonus. It adds absolutly nothing aside from that.
                        The stacks are really inconsistent, though. It'll be pretty hard to get the max bonus for the full duration of her burst.
                            Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
                                The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
                    What if you use Dehya mostly for her skill? Her burst is atrocious but her skill is probably the best part of her kit. Her burst is just busted bad, even if they improved the damage it would still be terrible, as it's slow and easily avoided and buggy.
                        if her skill did much that might be viable. but low uptime, low damage, and even the gold state from her passive only there for 9s.
                        Use TotM then. Unless you want skill damage but then I'd have to ask why.
        yeah, 2pc 2pc hp% is probably going to be good
    What's the optimal Nilou comp and the comp when there's no fish?
        I don't have Fish, so I'm going to try Yaoyao for healing, with Collei using Elegy and Candace for Hydro Infusion.
            Sounds interesting, 

Nilou/Yelan/Yaoyao + something... hmmm
                Nahida is the one who truly elevates that comp though. I'd ditch Yelan before Nahida. Her skill removes the importance of having an Anemo CC to stack enemies. So Nahida will remain Nilou's #1 partner until we get another Hydro/Dendro unit who can do that job. Maybe a Fontaine hydro unit who can cast whirlpools or something?
                    I don't have Nahida tho, that's the issue.

I am looking for a doable comp with her because I don't know any other.
                    Anemo CC breaks the team comp anyways, nilou only works with dendro/hydro
        Assuming Kaveh can pop Nilou's big blooms, I'd say Nahida, Kaveh, Nilou and Yelan/Xq/Ayato maybe. Tho no healer here.
            Kaveh has self healing tho.
                On a 0.5s cooldown, i don't think he'd be able to keep up with nilou's bloom damage. Kokomi barely can in serious AoE scenarios.
                    He does not take damage from them as well though actually, unless they worded it weirdly in the livestream, they said ‘he does not take damage from them, in fact he heals from them’, paraphrasing obviously.
                        There is nothing in his kit protecting him from Bloom self-damage. He does heal for 300% of his EM with a 0.5sec ICD when he takes bloom damage. And frankly a reasonable potential of 6k HP/sec seems rather huge, even without damage reduction from the Blooms.
                            Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
                        It didn't go exactly like that. In the livestream they said those two separately which makes it confusing. Basically what I got from it is he doesn't take bloom dmg from the ones he pop. But when he takes dmg from the blooms that pop naturally,  he heals himself a small bit and it has a cd.
                            Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
                                That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
                Oh yeah. But only for bloom damage right? I think I heard so.
            You just make Xingqui sad from the minimal healing his rainswords provide.  He's trying his best!
                But to heal Nilou we'd need around 10 Xingquis. She is too damn beefy. Can use YaoYao instead of Kaveh if Kaveh's bloom popping turns out to be useless.
                    Baizhu is literally right there
                        Yeah but can't recommend before playing and seeing his stats.
                    That sounds like the beginning of a harem anime.
                        Reverse Harem
        You'll want Baizhu or YaoYao for healing. The 2nd hydro character is preferably Kokomi so keep a look out for her rerun. Barbara can work just fine. Full EM Burst Ayato also works well. Nahida is a preferred dendro teammate cuz of her effortless dendro application and huge 250 EM buff she gives everyone
    she can already get to 75k without double hp sets.
        Try getting to 75k HP with only tenacity of the millileth. Tell me how easy it is.
            it is doable if you have her bis aswell. if not, sure, another %20 hp is beneficial but this set doesn't affect those who have her bis.
                It actually needs a good amount of hp substats, even with weapon, not "that" easy. So the hp set will help.
My Diona has been waiting for this
But the real question is,why make an artifact for characters who already have tailor made artifact sets and specially when they're not even getting a rerun? Honestly one would expect an artifact set that'd support Baizhu.
    Preparing for Fontaine perhaps.
        Yeah maybe but like, it's too early for that,is it not?
            Not really. We're going into 3.6. Inazuma only went to 2.8, so we're looking at like 12 weeks to farm the new set if Sumeru follows the same duration.
            If new set have more usability like how emblem affects any burst focus characters, it have some values. Not to mention, farming good stats take eternity. Never too early.
            Is it? Fontaine is like 3 months away
                But they never released artifact sets for new regional characters this early,did they? Like they release emblem domain after Inazuma came out,same for the Gilded dreams domain when Sumeru came out.
                    Can’t really try to call an occurence normal when it has only had 2 chances to happen so far.. they released an Inazuma character before Inazuma released - it’s not that deep
                        Atleast it's two samples. Not like they released a sumeru character before Sumeru came out. Two maybe a bare minimum but it's still is something. Besides, people base a lot of things just on these two occurrences in genshin,like the number of patches,archons reruns and release and so on.
        Yeah it's definitely to let people start pre-farming for Fontaine characters.
        That's what I was thinking, might suggest that the Hydro Archon could be our first Main Dps Archon
    The Heart of Depth is not really tailor made for Childe or Ayato, just a generalist hydro on-fielder much like Blizzard is not for Ayaka or Witch for Hu Tao.
        [https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Echoes\_of\_an\_Offering](https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Echoes_of_an_Offering) 

This artefact set was made for ayato
            People really forgot about that huh.
            I remember the TCs saying that it wasn't good though.
                Echoes is BIS when your ping is consistently bellow 100. Otherwise Gladiators finale or heart of depth share BIS
        The artifact set is almost an exact copy and paste of polar star’s ability
        Which hydro are we talking about? Because I was specifically talking about the pre-existing artifacts being tailor made for Childe and Ayato(HoD and Echoes respectively),and not the new artifact set being tailor made.
            They just missed the word set. It’s a general hydro set. Not tailor-made for anybody.

And Echoes would be Ayato’s if it weren’t terrible.
            Echoes is terrible if you have high ping. It's just a badly designed artifact.

HoD is good but the 4pc effect only buffs Normal and Charged attack. Childe has more damage sources than that.

The new set is stronger for Childe since it buffs every aspect of his kit.
            I edited the comment, I was talking about the HoD set
        I mean, at least blizzard is the best set Ayaka can use, in Childe's case, more often than not, a 2/2 set would do more damage, especially in multiple enemies scenarios
    Who? HOD is horrible for childe's sources of damage

Edit: I'm serious HOD is crap for Childe, it's just a generalist auto attack buff set
        Yeah but it was still probably made for him and Mona before Hoyo had an idea on what they should be doing for artifacts. After all, they were the only characters who would consider doing left-clicks as Hydro vision users.
        I think you forgot the /s or /j,you can't be serious.
            Childe would more often than not, especially on high investment, have better damage and faster clears on 2/2 set options instead of an actual 4pc set (HoD).

  


I strongly believe that when characters are in that situation, they should get an usable 4 piece that outperforms the 2/2 option. Without the need for the set to be completely niche for said character.

  


Not to be confused with giving each character their own artifact set, that would remove any creativity from building and choosing what set to use
    Because artifact sets will always be there for the remainder of the game and can benefit future characters too???????? What is this question?
    > Honestly one would expect an artifact set that'd support Baizhu.

He has a lot of options though. TotM. Dendro set. Gilded.
        Still,he doesn't have any tailored artifact for him just like how Kokomi had one. It's either healing or support with him(HP or ToTM),unlike Kokomi.
    HoD is not tailor made to Childe since 4pc does absolutely nothing for his burst. Nymph's Dream is still not tailor made to Childe since he cannot easily vaporize his melee burst while having the full effect, at most you'll be having 2/3 stacks when bursting against a single target.
    For some reason people on here got mad last time I've explained this but I will do it again. 99% sure this set is for the Archon based on the name of the set. So it is not made for an old character. Even if it does work well on them too. Coincidences like this do happen.
        Exactly this. Why the fuck would hoyo want to buff the already broken childe and Ayato? Specially at a time such as this when they're not even getting a rerun? Xiao got a dedicated set because he didn't have one,but the above mentioned characters already have theirs. This is 100% made for a new character. People can be really quick to jump to conclusions,and this specially applies to genshin fandom.
            Because Childe never had a set made for him, he's using 4pc of a generalist hydro on-field character set (HoD) or 2/2, this one is Polar Star but in the form of an artifact and buffs everything he has, including burst and riptides, while HoD buffed attacks.
                You say that HoD was a generalist hydro artifact but do be honest, which other character made use of HoD besides Childe until Ayato? Pretty sure there was no character who did. So the fact that HoD was released after Childe and nobody else used it tells a lot about whether it was made for him or not. Sure it didn't buff every part of his kit but it was still made for him nonetheless,albeit a bit general.
                    Well, same can be said about Blizzard or Witch, those sets are there for elemental carries until they get their own down the road. Childe also didn't have Polar Star on release, it was created later and now they've made Polar Star artifact.
After nerding on the numbers for Ayato only the nymph set is only 1% better than HOD, due to stacks minimal time loss and the burst not snapshot with all the stacks.

Gladiator being slightly better than HOD might be just the same and Echoes slightly better if you're not on high ping.

For Childe, with any of the 5\* bows, it's a 8 to 9% damage improvement from 365k to 400k
Eh, the hydro set sounds like a pita to set up. I think I'll stay with hod.
    For ayato can be, for Childe you just have to do Auto and Charged attack for full stacks since riptide counts as elemental skill damage
    It's really not. Here, let me simplify stuff for you: 

Hit stuff with NA, get more damage.
        Not exactly. That's just one stack right? You'll also need to hit things with your skill, burst and/or CA.

On Childe it's ez, cuz pressing E is one stack and then you can NA and CA for two more.

On Ayato it's gonna be harder, because your E needs to actually explode for one stack, and you can't get CA stacks during E so you'll have to CA before E. Or rely on burst.
That plus staff of homa lmao
    I think your comment got sent more than once
        Oopsie sorry bout that homes
Probably childe only ayato wont proc well with this set, or will really limit your style
It’s gonna be good on my water rosaria :).

Rosaria + Candace = Ascended Mermaid Queen.
actually unless this 8s is a typo i'm pretty sure it isn't actually for childe, or at least international.

international setup takes almost 10s, meaning he shouldn't be able to get the full buffs. instructor buffs from bennett are also 8s. and if he can't get buffs on his nuke burst, this probably isn't actually that good. maybe not even a better set than what he has now.

maybe it's for a future character, or they want to buff childe for freeze or other reaction teams. I know they keep putting him with kaeya in trial and events
    The artifact is pretty much a copy of Polar Star's effect minus some of the buffs, so its 100% a Childe set. 

It doesn't buff his burst, but it'll last his entire on-field time in International.
        the wording is similar but polar star buffs last 12s. this is dramatically lower

and if he doesn't get buffs on his burst then we know the frontload dmg will be worse than existing artifacts. which won't be a buff
            He can keep 3 stacks throughout his entire skill duration, riptide is considered skill damage.

For burst nuke, 2pc Atk and 2pc Hydro might still be better, but this still an upgrade over HOD.

edit: 2pc noblesse is better than Atk in Burst nukes
            It's still basically the same style of buff as Polar Star though.
    his burst doesn’t benefit from heart of depth’s 4pc anyways,  atleast with this set he can normal attack with bow to get one stack before he bursts, while also benefiting from the full stacks while in melee mode.
    He can get full stacks, you just need to NA CA and you have full stacks UP when you burst 

Edit: yes, even after kazuha and xianglings burst
    The set is similar to instructor set 8 sec too so you can use child's burst before xiangling's burst and be in the 8 sec window. (Childe aim shot E N1, bennett Q, kazuha Q E, childe Q, xiangling Q E, childe E N2C for 9-10 sec)
my liege
It's worth for Childe.

After nerding on the numbers for Ayato only the nymph set is only 1% better than HOD, due to stacks minimal time loss on CA and the burst not snapshoting with all the stacks.

Gladiator being slightly better than HOD might be just the same and Echoes slightly better if you're not on high ping

For Childe, with any of the 5\\\* bows, it's a 8 to 9% damage improvement from 365k to 400k
    cool!  a 9% damage improvement is worth it for me
You may want to check if it's worth it , new set may not give you that much benefit.
    This. Wait for others to do the dirty work before you grind.


The other artifact doesn't seem as useful (right now) to make this artifact domain entirely worth it like it would for emblem or gilded dream domains
        I'm in an unfortunate fortunate situation where my heart of depth artifacts aren't that great so I have no reason not to farm for it. It looks like it will be better though due to the pretty significant atk buff that goes with the hydro damage buff.
            Also the trend seems like the newer domains are easier/more fun to play through than the older ones.
                Older domains are made to counter what ever you build . 


Vv set ? Physical bonus 

Hod/blizzard ? Enemies with cryo shields 

Witch ?  All pyro enemies with pyro device buff .
                    Mondstadt talent books? Forfeit your freedom.
                        I hate that domain with a passion. Cryo enemies, stamina debuff, and icicles constantly raining down on you. It takes twice as long to complete as any other domain not because it's hard, but because it's annoying. Who thought that was a good idea to make, especially as the first talent domain new players will enter?
                        Got my time down to 47 seconds in that domain when I C6'd my Bennett, down from best 55. That's pretty significant I think!
                    Yeah I guess that makes sense. I only farm for my strongest characters so I guess it seems harder
            You should be strong boxing?
        I mean at least the rng will be better, my luck with that stupid domain is nil.
            Yeah I feel like most of not all old domains are cursed.
        The other artifact set is potentially worth it for the 2 piece alone.

Nilou go brrr....
This opportunity is quite hard to come by
    A fine opportunity!
    Ah yes, I read that in Childe's voice. He definitely said that somewhere I can't remember
Man I just really want pre-sets.
    At least let us save different gear to the different teams in the the menu so i don't have to regear like 2-3 people every time i want to play razor 💀
    I want a tagging feature where we can preselect every main and substat we want for our artifacts that will then automatically sort our collection into two different tabs, tagged artifacts and fodder artifacts.  We have a limited sort feature already but the fact we can only select two stats to sort by is simply not enough. 

The limit on how many we hold isn't the annoying part it's the inevitable sorting through the pile trying to pick out which ones to grind into Exp that it.
They should have upped it to 2000 when they released Sumeru. 500 slots per region.
how do people get 1500 artifacts? like do you never do strongbox or level things with the 4 stars???
    Filtering or sorting the bad artifacts is so confusing and taking a lot of time. Not to mention if you have hoarding disorder. Especially after Mhy release new characters that need weird substats.

"Emblem is a set for dps. Dps wants ATK%, so HP% is useless". Mhy: release Yelan.

"Tena is a set for shielder and geo, EM is useless". Mhy: release Nilou.
    you wonder until it happens to you
        it will never bcs i always do strongbox, i never get over 500 artifacts
            well when you have good copies you might need in the future, it’s worth it not to eat them
                Well the thing is is that 99.9% of the max inventory hoarders aren't full because they have 1000 good +20s they're saving for possible future characters. They have a bunch of say, 4 line double crit +0s on some set like Clam. Or worse, they're hoarding 3 line +0s which are even more unlikely to be good. They're just too cheap/lazy to gamble and see if the pieces are actually good.

And it's not people that have multiple sets for characters either because there are ~40 characters in the game and you could have 3 full never-shared sets for every single character and you would still only be around ~600 artifacts. So imo, everyone that has the max 1500 are lazy. If the cap was 5000, they would still be at the cap.


FWIW, I say this as someone with ~300 +20s (and like 100 +16s). I'm never above like ~800/1500 inventory since I'm always gambling artifacts upgrades so I always have under 500K mora which only gets that high because of events. Out of all my +20s, 90% of them are "good enough" and my standards are relatively low compared to most players. I'd be really, really impressed if someone had 1000 +20s because that's a massive, massive mora and artifact exp sink, never mind 1000 that are all actually good by the average player's standards.
                    Look at this guy calling everyone lazy who doesn't have the same artifact standards and isn't micromanaging like them.
                        Also this guy straightly destroying possible 35%CD artifacts having 0 guarantee that his "4lines" one will not roll in full flat atk XD And from what I saw — most people with that ~35%CD has it on absolutely random pieces which sometimes have even only 2 good stats.

"Gl" for him to loosing 2/3 in raw experience and possible chance of good roll in future. I was sacrificing EM arts on the start of the game(because I haven't had single anemo) and when Sumeru came I hardly got 1 "non-set". Now I'm keeping even great def% and phys ones despite I hate def and phys builds just because I don't know what future characters, that I may like, may need.
                        It's a F2P RPG with inventory space and micromanaging is just kind of part of those. Usually, the less you spend, the more you have to micromanage. I'm just content enough that Genshin isn't like some other F2Ps or gacha games where you'd have to pay for inventory space. I quit POE years ago because the inventory as f2p as completely ass after you hit mapping. In a different timeline, Genshin would have 3 expeditions with 2 paid slots, not-unlimited character slots, like 300 artifacts slots and up to 3000 if you paid and other shit like that.
                    Anyone who actually plays efficiently has 1500 after playing for a year.

Why? Because they understand how to roll +4 artifacts to see if its good or not. And hold onto some stuff while dumping the rest. 

Basically they float 1200-1500 and when lazy, its hitting 1500.

> +20s

You clearly dont get what people are doing. It's not about +20s, its about holding onto double crit and other good artifacts that can roll well when you need it for a character.
                eh no, you see... in like 5 artifact runs i get maybe 1 or 2 things that have potential
                    [deleted]
                        just sift through them as you get them and lock and unlock them when you recieve them. makes it easy
                            [deleted]
                                yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
                    you’re doing yourself dirty, what looks like it doesn’t have potential now, may hav potential in the future. always good to keep anything that has 4 or more substats from the get go, especially if it has percentages, even if the main stat seems “bad” now, there can always be a a character released in the future that scales on it later. it’s a long term game, not just a what’s good right now game
                        playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later" game only leads to excessive hoarding of garbage

future characters will likely use different sets

if it was like a 4 liner shime piece but with the wrong mainstat, yeah that would be worth keeping but what's the point of locking shit thats crit def hp em on a set like clam?

on top of that, if you're farming artifacts for a character and they set a set that's in the strongbox, it's better to just throw artis into the strongbox cuz your priority is getting sucrose em artifacts and not saving vv pieces for a future xiao-like char
                            > playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
                            I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
                        ah yes flat hp, atk and def surely have potential. i decide whats good for my account okay, and i see no future use for the stuff i get rn


and if something like that will be useful later its most likely gonna come with a new set
                            no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
                        That’s just excessive hoarding. By the time a future character comes out that uses the exact set of substats your hoarded artifacts have, you might has well just farm one when you get there. Unless it’s a truly rare piece, I still think you guys are just hoarding for little good reason.

Plus a lot of characters are being released to use new artifact sets.

Other than sets like gladiator and emblem, most of these future characters probably won’t be using your hoarder sets anyway
                    wow, that's a lot. I generally consider it to be a nice day in genshin if i get 1 good potential artifact from 5 condensed runs, which is why i pretty much always have around 500 artifacts locked at any time. It's been like this since 2021. Don't know how people can max their inventory without spending $$ on resin refresh. Maybe they should up their standards for what they consider good if approaching inventory limit.
                    ***"eH nO,"***
            I'm assuming you haven't been playing since day one? For most artifact sets you should keep decent: ER/EM/ATK/HP sands, CR/CD/HP/ATK/EM circlet, ofc all good goblets, and at least a few flowers and feathers with good lv0 spreads. Since DEF scaling is so rare (and geo focused) you can skip it, but otherwise you never know what substat/artifact combination will be useful for future chars... after years of farming the collection really adds up, I sit on around ~1.1k artifacts that I can't get rid of.
                well said, almost AR60 here and same, i have some that I can’t get rid of myself
                I typically skip keeping HP, ATK, or DEF circlets, since they've always been situational upgrades at best. For the supports that just want to stack one stat, the subs aren't that critical, so you can farm a new one if necessary. 

But I'm in the same boat, somewhere around 900 artifacts, and I kept hitting the cap when I was farming for Yoimiya's Bollide set (since the only way it was an upgrade was with great substats).
    [deleted]
        After a month? Mine fills up like in a week or two
    I play since launch. At some point you get that many artifacts with good subs, good potential, but not enough exp to level them.
        This right here. I've burned myself too many times getting rid of artifacts that look "bad" but then find out later when the Genshin optimizer recommends it as a good piece for a build but it no longer exists in my inventory. Now I hold on to anything that looks like it might be half decent.
    Looks like you keep only the best of the best and don't plan for potential weird scaling chars.
        yes bcs they are gonna have a own set in the future anyways, and i dont plan on getting every character
    The hoarder mindset where you see a remotely usable artifact, lock it and tell yourself you'll “roll it later,” then you come back to it after 1 year and it rolls into trash stats, but you still keep it because it has two crit rolls and maybe someone will come along who needs the trash rolls. This also applies for the double crit def and hp sands/goblets/circlets.
    You never know what is useful in the future.

I had a flower with both crits, but all upgrades went onto hp%. Then Nilous comes.

I saved crits + hp% raw pieces and then Yelan came. She is my best-built just because I saved my 'scraps'. I spent 0 time in farming for her artifact due to Raiden and Xiangling...

You don't only trace for crit pieces, full em or any % pieces can be useful. You should only be throwing away flat HP/atk/def upgraded pieces (watch this comment to bite myself a year later)
        I follow the same mindset and gave yelan some near perfect rolls from my raiden's reject pile too.

my biggest fear is they release a character that has terrible base stats, can't equip a weapon but his abilities have amazing scaling so raw stats benefit him better than %.
            Thanks Satan.
        My rule of thumb is absolutely save anything with a double crit sub stats. Inevitably even if it is EM, HP, ER or Def as the main there is a character that can use it.
        flat stats (besides em) will never be useful
    When you get to late game you will find it more difficult to get artifacts that meet your standards. Happens even faster if you do routes.
        This exactly. I have somewhere in the ballpark of 100 level 20 5\* artifacts, and another 100 that are anywhere from 12-19. I have plenty of artifacts that allow me to clear abyss. The only time I lock artifacts now is if it has the correct main stat, and all four substats are exactly what I'm looking for.
    I don't need to farm anything more from the ones available in the strongbox.  And I spend all the fodder I can get.  I have 1400+ gold artifacts.  I've started to treat those like fodder because I'd rather level stuff up over just getting more out of the strongboxes.
    I lock like 50 of every artifact sets, and there's 26 sets so that's already 1300.
    Strongboxing feels like fruitless work. Besides I started playing before it was introduced and already had too many artifacts at the time.

Now if I could mark artifacts as trash when I receive them and then automatically fodder trash that would be improvement.
    The farther you get in the game the higher your artifact standards increase. You just end up piling up a ton of 5 star artifacts. Then you start leveling some potentially decent 5 stars artifacts to reveal the 4th substat and you think to yourself that you can use those trash +4s as fodder for other 5 stars. Hey, I can get rid of 13 3 star artifacts to get a 5 star artifact that I can fodder to promote another 5 star to +4? Not a bad trade. Then those +4s start piling up too because your standards keep increasing and there's not much to level and when you do you use your 3 and 4 star artifacts first to clear up inventory space and by the time you're done leveling those +4s are still there. But maybe some of those +4 are actually kind of decent now with the release of new characters? Ah crap I don't have fodder to level up the +4s because I used my lower tier artifacts. Then you spend 30 minutes strongboxing and it's really slow because you can only throw away 26 artifacts at a time when you trade away 39 to get 12 back.

Anyways jenshin is a pretty great game. Open world and stuff and lots of inventory management.

Tldnr nothing is worth leveling and when you do, you just dump artifacts to find out that the ones you got were trash anyways. Not even 25 to 30 CV and 3 usable stat lines? Probably not that good.
    People keep bad artifacts under the guise of "future characters".
    I'm at the point where I even strongbox leveled artifacts to get more artifacts to level. But 2 reasons why I always hit the cap. I artifact fodder almost every day. I also buy the battlepass. The battlepass does a lot for leveling up characters helping you have even more time to spend your resin on more artifacts and thats without really using the fragiles.

But yea I hit 1500 cap every other day. Strongbox, get more fodder, hit cap. And yet i'm still kinda picky on what I level up.

Also I just like having multiple artifacts with different ranges of CD or CR so I can better optimize for whatever each character needs especially on emblem, shim, and glad since they are so commonly used.
    My artifacts are always over 1500, most are 5 stars and quite a hassle to keep organizing.
Too many artifacts, not a single one useful
We desperately need another artifact inventory expansion, it's been long enough!
i always need to feed another artifact every week when killing weekly bosses
Oh thank god you pointed this out, I was losing my mind thinking that this would have been a 400% increase at 5 stacks, instead of, uh, 50%?
    If they did that, it might bring Dehya in line with other carries. Can't have that
        Lol yep, instead it's a small improvement over emblem, but comes with the condition of stacks needing to build up.
            Its a small improvement over emblem technically but her er issues are so bad to the point where emblem ends up being better
the set is worded like that so ppl that cant read properly will think LOOOOL SEEE ITS A DEHYA BUFF
    Reading it correctly is another Dehya nerf, then
    That would be an anyone buff.
        Yeah, I just removed the Shielder from my Eula party, so she'd be getting the hits. I don't even want to think of a 400% Eula burst.
not to mention its already a stupid set, its 20% hp is bad for almost all skill and burst users, and its requirement is impossible for everyone except like dehya and xiao, and xiao doesnt benefit from the damage since his damage is plunge
66% ATK is great, no?
    I guess DMG Bonus worth more.
    It’s not bad, but it’s not that good either. It’s like a 10% damage increase over the 2 piece attack/Viridescent set combos.

And that’s if the substats are the same. So for many of us who farmed Xiao artifacts for 2 years before Vermillion dropped, it just wasn’t even worth it to farm again. Far more resin efficient to just keep what we had.

But if the set hat given both attack and Anemo damage bonus, *that* would have been a significant damage increase. Which we asked for, and they didn’t give it. Then they just made a hydro version of exactly what we wanted lol.
I dont think she can even get all 3 stacks since her skill and burst dont deal damage and she probably wont be plunging. HoD is probably still better for dps build.
    Her skill does deal damage, but only when first cast, and it’s on like a seven year cooldown.  Unless you have some reliable and quick way of enabling plunge attacks (basically Venti or Albedo), it’s probably not an amazing set for her, and even with I’m not sure it’s worth it over just whatever you were already using.
        Hmm— is it? To get to 50% dmg bonus with ESF, you need 200% ER. That probably means an ER sands or ER weapon. Neither are desirable.


You could just run an ER sands with this new set, get the 20% HP and 50% dmg bonus without overcommitting on the ER.

If you’re C0, they seem similar, with the new set being slightly better. If you are C1, it’s obviously better and it’s value grows more with more constellations.
            I feel like one of three things is true:

1.	 You responded to the wrong comment, or
2.	 You didn’t realize which character we were talking about, or
3.	 You are seriously advocating for running EoSF for on-field Barbara, a character whose burst deals exactly zero damage.

I’m *guessing* it’s one of the first two.
                Good god EoSF Barbara has me rolling
                LOL- definitely 1. I appreciate the humored reply though.
Has my on-field Kokomi's day in the sun finally arrived...?
    I think the bubble things are awesome with on-field Kokomi, but this looks exciting, too!
        I'm as much a fan of the clam as the next person, but it'd be nice to shake it up. Besides, that domain fuckin hates me.
            Word.
        Honestly I think Vourukasha stands a serious chance of being strictly better than clam provided you're using Kokomi as a driver in a Nilou bloom team (which guarantees you're taking damage often enough to maintain 5 stacks for as long as her burst is up). I have not run the numbers though.
Yo I had no clue where to slap my Childe's HoD artifacts after I farm that new place, guess I just found what I'm gonna be doing
AND increase artifacts capacity...
    Shoot, give us a five team after a certain AR. I don’t know about y’all but the most fun I’ve had is when they give us a “trial” character and we have a five person team. The possibilities and mechanics are ridiculous.

At the very least, let us switch mid combat. Maybe it’s my own stupidity but finding out my perfectly built Catalyst is up against a boss who is invulnerable to all of my attacks. (Heizo, you’re a ninja, drop the book and use your actual  abilities)
        *angry console players* 

5 character teams is cool until you play on console, since switching to 5th char requires hitting L1+triangle or LB+Y by default depending on the console

How cumbersome that is.
THIS. And it will only get worse as more and more characters and artefacts make it into the game.
Yeah they really should have them by next region. This is becoming a real pain
You have enough proper artifacts to worry about that? '-'
    yes i do..
    If you are sitting at ar60 for months on end, some of us years on end, and with decent consistent artifact luck this is inevitable. I don’t see how anyone would be against this because they have already increased artifact amount and it would be fairly easy to add in a set sorter and revamp artifact section for clarity.
    More like not enough proper artifacts for the number of characters that need it 😕
yep and its worse than emblem before c4
    If she generated a bit more energy and if her E had more applications could be good I guess.
        "if dehya was good she'd be good"
            Well, I don't think I'm asking for something groundbreaking
                Which is what is frustrating.  As messy as her kit is, they could have easily made her not suck but they choose to do it anyway.
        I'm using Sacrificial Greatsword on her and it's fun :)
            I didn't enjoy any of her "roles"(tank and support), so I only use her as ""dps ""
    The only thing useful is the 2 piece bonus
        for nilou and shielders, for dehya it does nothing since her hp scaling are insult to jokes for how bad they are
            even for nilou, she can reach the cap hp for her bountiful cores without 2-2 if you have key. it probably is better for people without key.
                yeah, but your average genshin player probably wont have the bis weapon for her so 2-2 is still decent, or in my case i have key and am still not at the 75k hp point with hydro resonance
                If you have Key, you're still getting HP to EM conversion with no limit. So it's not a bad thing either for her to go double 20% HP.
            I read someone else say dendro cores don't activate the 2 piece effect, so the set wouldn't be vialbe for Nilou.
                on nilou you would go 2 piece tenacity and 2 piece this set so you can increase the bloom buff she gives
        ..and 2 piece bonus is only useful for C1+ Dehya

I was hoping that they will buff this artifact set but I guess they really want Dehya to be this bad.
            I'm more surprised a standard character having its own artifact set that no one else can use the 4 piece bonus
                Keqing was the only competent user of thundering fury for forever. Diluc is basically the only character that uses crimson witch to full efficiency.

Having a character specific artifact set doesn't really mean much for standard characters. We have some artifact sets that are stinkers and others that are niche and some that are super broad.

Other characters *can* stack the bonus from this set, it just isn't quite as easy. You can do it from burning, bloom or burgeon damage.
                i was going to comment diluc, but bennett can also use cwof 4p.
                    Hu Tao uses it as well
                        not to full efficiency. she uses it for vape/melt dmg bonus and one stack pyro dmg bonus, whereas diluc and bennett can stack the 4p easily.
                very unusual, isn't it.

...I wonder if there could be a reason for that, contradictory to her appearance on standard.

No, I'm sure the fact nobody knew she was standard until the trailer was just a complete coincidence.
                    I don't think it's much of a secret that they tossed Dehya into standard rather than try to fix her kit because they didn't want to have an expectation to rerun her at some point and have another poorly selling banner when they could just eat the poor sales for one cycle while building FOMO for the weapon banner.
                        I mean, one way of fixing her was to release artifact set tailored for her and then rerun her. Instead, they just tossed her into standard banner so she wont bother them anymore.
                            They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
    Only if you are interested in her being a main. If you play her for support with something like Tenacity, this set will also do buffing her personal damage over team damage which might be better in some teams since not all teams scale use atk.
        from the way i think the set will work. it will be shit if you use only her skill, her skill snapshots buffs, so you will have to place her skill first, take dmg and get 5 stacks then place it again with barely any time left to use the buff, but the timing to get it right will be rough since stacks have independent timers, not only that but how useful will 50%-42% damage increase be when your skill hits like a noodle.

now if the way i think the set will work is wrong, it still isnt too great bcs it first needs to stack and youre still hitting like a noodle.

lastly, the teams where you bring dehya as not the damage dealer,  would be ganyu burn, where you want to use tenacity to buff ganyu more and use dehya only for the pyro applier and small utility she gives, or burgeon team where you need to have as much em as possible with gilded or lost paradise set
            I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless. I get there are questionable aspects to her but if you were to make a set like this you would make it work or just change the requirement, like the extra comes from her casting skill which she can do twice.

And she does fit on other teams even they aren't considered meta so reducing the conversation around the set to only Ganyu and burgeon isn't productive when people are using her outside of that. That said Tenacity would still likely the go too since it is a good set and her personal damage is so low 50% more isn't going to be huge particularly at c0.
                her skill does snapshot the burst doesnt, the set buff im not sure. and by making other teams, any team can be played just wont be good, the teams i have in mind are ones that she noticably contributes to the team and even in the teams you think of, the result will be the same, so the artifact is still worthless
                    Sorry I misread that you said her skill does snapshot as you were unsure, that is on me. That is the first I heard of that, that would make this set worse if there isn't some thing where it forces it or they change her skill, you would have to wait for her second rotation before benefiting from it. When I saw the details of it even if it ignores snapshotting, it looked like a sidegrade or at least not a set worth farming if you had a Tenacity. But if you happen to get one or don't want to farm Tenacity domain you can use it on her.
                > I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless

Her skill snapshots on cast and on recast. It's not a huge issue because you should have basically full uptime after your first rotation, especially if you have c2 dehya (quite possible with her being standard which likely means she'll be in lost 50/50's too).

You can just hold the recast on skill until you've taken damage from literally any source - I currently like to play dehya in burning subreactions, so nahida hold E -> dehya E starts the ticking and then I can cycle through other characters or dawdle a bit before recast.
    [removed]
        right? especially next patch since she will be on standard banner so people can get her at ANY time so they can get c4 dehya TOO!! /s
    It's actually about 10-13% better at 220-240 ER, assuming equal substats assuming you're bursting on cooldown. You need 300% ER on EoSF for it to literally be within 1%. If you're not bursting on cooldown dehya's personal dps contributions to the team will be worse but the set will be better than EoSF.

C2 is where the new set gets "really good", because more of dehya's damage is shifted towards her skill there.
        if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah. not only that, but it requires you to have same stats with the new set which you just wont have, then with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration and if you need constellations to make a set seem better is a horrible and shitty character and set
            > if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah.

No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

So the relevant portion is the buff to skill and burst, vs just the buff to burst. Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%. To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting. So equivalent substats you're doing either 150% of total, or ~33 + (67*1.55~1.65) = 130-142%.

I believe you're trying to make an appeal for weapon substats because of how much energy they can provide, but it doesn't really matter, because you can trade out attack% for ER or you can get crit on weapon or something like that. Or use a higher base damage weapon.

You're also assuming that everyone has pre-farmed an EoSF set, which isn't necessarily the case.

> with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration

Redmane's blood can only be filled while the skill is active, but it keeps ticking even after the skill has ended. It's *really* not hard for dehya to maintain full uptime on all of the stacks, because taking any damage once every 10 seconds will keep the stacks active. Significantly easier at c2 but genuinely not a problem at c0.
                I have no idea where you're getting the numbers you've been citing from.

TL;DR at the bottom and why the difference at C0 in the best case scenario is significantly less than any number you've said

> No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

these substats are not equivalent in value. 4 HP rolls amount to next to nothing in terms of damage for C0 Dehya, a couple extra 1000s of DMG at most, whereas 4 ER rolls translates to 4 extra rolls of useful damage sources (crit, atk, em) on your artifacts, which actually amounts to a damage increase. 

1 crit substat is worth ~2x as much as that 20% HP, so if we assume you exchange 2 ER rolls for 2 crit rolls, 1 atk and 1 EM roll each for 1 ER roll, you get ~3,5-3,75 worth of 20% HP 2pc, for the record.

> Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%.

on what team? at C0, on mono-Pyro, her skill is going to be ~27-28%(~949% ATK + 7.8% HP on her 2 skill uses + 5 field procs) vs (2013% ATK + 34% HP), and it goes further down at C1. 

on Vape Hypercarry, C0, it's closer to like 15-20%, depending on if u get vapes on E casts or not. at C1 it's under 15%. 

> To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting

again, what team?

on Vape Hypercarry, which has dogshit energy generation, using ER calculator, u need 230 on safe RNG to burst on cooldown assuming single target, Fav Kazuha, low HP particles, 1 Bennet E funneled (which u can do while bursting on cooldown) and Dehya catching none of her own particles. this is genuinely worst case scenario and practically results in way less damage than playing her with 150-180 ER (depending on the rest of ur team and artifacts) and funneling more than 1 Bennet E. 1 more funnel (which would include one of Dehya's own particles) gets her down to 184 in the same calc. assuming Dehya players use (and they they SHOULD use) that much ER is completely non practical.

on mono-Pyro these ER reqs are way off, she needs like 150-170 to be safe if u play rotations well.

now, for the actual math: using all of the above, let's assume C0 Dehya is using her new set on mono Pyro, at the minimum required ER of 150% and is maintaining perfect uptime. the new set will give her a net gain of about 20-21% more damage total, whereas Emblem will give her about 13%. let's assume it's 21% on new set and 12% on emblem. the new set would be 121/112 ~= 1,08 -> about 8% stronger. 

this 8% is the BEST CASE scenario for the new set, and doesn't take into account the % made up for with the artifact rolls I mentioned earlier. if we used higher ER reqs and Vape Carry, this gap is closed very quickly.
                i used fav and inazuma weapon because of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6UTuQbKvIk&t=155s) video at 2:40, since that seems to be closest increase you claim. sure, me assuming everyone has pre farmed eosf is a stretch. the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce, most of the time you wont utilize the full buff and we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt. i assume it doesnt so you will have to do weird rotations to snapshot the full buff on her skill, on her burst it wont be too much of a problem if you arent against enemies that get staggered by her punches and redmane ticks help. and im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2
                    >  the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce ...  im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2

Do you not know how redmanes blood works?

When any active character takes damage while in the aoe of dehya's skill, up to 50% of that damage goes into redmanes blood, which is portioned out over the next 10 seconds. This is "reset" every time a new instance of damage occurs. This damage continues to tick even if the skill ends. This applies even to damage from things like torches/campfires, burning, or dendro cores. Every instance of this damage over time will add or refresh one stack from the artifact set.

Dehya's skill at c0 has a 12s (closer to 13s because of animations) uptime with an 18s cooldown. If you take damage at 8 seconds into skills duration, you will still have stacks when you recast skill. It is trivially easy to maintain 100% uptime on all stacks of the new set.

> we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt

That isn't a function of the artifact set, it's a function of dehya's kit. Dehya's skill snapshots on cast or on recast. Dehya's burst does not snapshot. It's not particularly hard to recast skill to capture the buff and burst should always have it.
                        ight
                            I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
                                dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
    So would a 4 pc of this be better than emblem of C4 to C6 Dehya? Debating if I want to farm a set for her.
Oh no, you mentioned She Who Must Not Be Named. Pray that the mods don't find your comment.
SHHHH can't mention her name around here, else your comment will get sent to the shadowrealm by bootlicking mods.  


\*clears throat\* This will be great for Dehya! This fixes everything! Hurray! Banzai!
The 2nd? Yeah it is

Funny thing: before C4 emblem is better if you want to use her as dps xD
    Even if you want her as dps emblem is better. The new set is only marginally better and it comes with the condition that you need to wind up all 5 stacks to get there. It's not even close to as good as emblem at the start of combat/new chamber in abyss because of that condition.
Technically not only a dehya set, she just has the easiest time activating it. It can work with burning, bloom and burgeon.
    >!That was tested in the beta. It doesn’t work with Dendro cores.!<
It’s probably made for the 4.x characters that come with fountaine. Like how we got a dendro set and a em/more broad set.
I’m thinkin’ Hu Tao would like that one. But yeah, +HP and taking damage while off field to increase skill damage is definitely Deyah.
    Hu tao doesnt scale off skill damage so it would just be burst damage one time. Compared to 4 shime or 4 cw it is probably pretty lackluster to get just 80% burst damage.
Hello fellow honkai player
    Grettings fellow captain.
I mean it's good to farm if you have Dehya,but otherwise? I really don't see the point. We already have a pre-existing hydro 4 pc set which is almost the same as this one.
I'd like to believe that too but on the other hand it's hard to believe that one entire new nation with new areas wouldn't have new artifact sets that are supposed to work with hydro characters belonging to that nation.
The difference is probably not worth the resin. Plus glad has the advantage of passive farming.
After nerding on the numbers for Ayato only the nymph set is only 1% better than HOD, due to stacks minimal time loss on CA and the burst not snapshoting with all the stacks.

  


Gladiator being slightly better than HOD might be just the same and Echoes slightly better if you're not on high ping.
if you have good ratio, probably not tbh
the worse part is that the way its worded makes it looks like you can get 400% dmg bonus when in reality each stack adds 8% to the base 10% dmg bonus, so 50% dmg bonus max(10+(8x5))
    I smell apologems
Yep lol. It's a joke if it's meant to fix Dehya (honestly doubt she was even a thought when making this and it's for bloom.)

It's  barely (and I mean *barely*) an improvement over emblem BUT you need to have all 5 stacks up to get there, so it won't get there until combat is over in a dungeon or in overworld, and in abyss it'll lag behind what you could have been doing with emblem. 👍🏻 hoyo, yet another *great* balance decision.
i mean even the first one, who really uses it? certainly not koko, ayato, yelan since its an atk set, and not xq since hes better with emblem.

that just leaves childe, who already has a set since 2 years ago..

to top it off, it works on hydro characters only despite how it looks
    Ayato primarily scales off of attack tho
[deleted]
    That honestly doesnt mean much. When husk came out i did the same for noelle and it stated an increase of 1k using husk instead of bolide with same stats. However, a few months later i rotated zhongli to big meatball build and had enough husk leftover to give a trial run with noelle. That set had 300 less def and 30%less cdmg than my bolide set. It also increased my maximum dpmage per swing by 7k.

Calcs are all well and good, but sometimes things go wierd.
        [deleted]
They are fucking despicable for what they've done to Dehya. It's unforgivable.
Best from this domain is a 2nd 2pc HP set
    Good for who?
        Nilou, shield bots
            Eh not a Nilou main sorry 😐😔


Oh well... I guess the Hydro one for Ayato and maybe Focalors will do!
                Ayato's current sets aren't worse than this one. There's no reason to farm this basically.
        WHOOOOO!!!!!
I mean emblem is really for her burst. I think for support capacity Dehya if you have this and sacrificial to always keep her E up, its quite an upgrade from her current state. But still, she needs so much more work (still on that hopium for a buff)
D is Dendro?
    she-who-must-not-be-named
        Ahhh
    De̵̙̣̠͎̱͊̌͆̈́͜h̴̘̤͚̯̜͖̎̇̂̅͛̊̏͠y̵̜͇̜͆̑́a̸̤̮̼̯̣̻̦̘̦̯̭͊͛́̇̃̌̓͠ͅͅ
It's 80% of the initial 10% bonus. Means a total of 50% at full stacks.

It's not extra dmg, It's a smg buff to burst and skill
the set description is for iliterate people so they think OOH GOOD FOR DEHYA SEE SHE IS FIXED, each stack increases skill and burst damage by 80% of the original damage increase being 10%, so 80% of 10% is 8% increase per stack, so you would get 5\*8% plus the original 10% bonus skill and burst damage which would make it a 50% increase
    whats funny is she would still suck even with that set, 500% if 0 is still 0
funnily enough it will work better on dehya too than her literal dedicated set
Klee deserves a set. I think she's the only limited 5 star now without her own set.
Childe mains discord did a pre calc. Roughly 3-8% better than HOD depending on weapon and stuff. Polar Star gets the most benefit
Just compared numbers with dynamic stacks compared to HOD on a calculator and the difference is 8 to 9% aka 364k to 400k per rotation
the hp% one will be, now you can go double 2hp% and hit her buff cap easier
    Is the extra hp% better than hydro%? I always wonder if I should take off her hydro gob and replace it with an Hp one
        unless youre using nilou for vape teams, you have to go max hp% since nilou in the teams she is meant to be isnt on field doing damage, instead she creates the hydro ring, buffs bloom damage and leaves for dendro characters to proc blooms
2pc hp is pretty good for nilou bloom
Speaking of that buff duration... funny enough it was *nerfed* during beta. It originally was 8 seconds and then during beta got nerfed to 5 seconds.
They've never released an Archon's preferred set before their respective region releases, so I'd imagine not.

I'd also be very surprised if Focalors scales  with Atk% given Hydro's modern bias towards HP.
    Yeah, makes sense but no recent Hydro characters and seemingly the only Hydro in horizon being her got me wondering. Thanks for the input.
Don't be a dum dum and don't pre-farm artifact sets for characters that are not going to be with us for many months. Do it for Childe if you have him, skip if you don't.
    Is this not an Ayato set? Don't his Q and E both hit before he starts spamming attacks in his normal rotation?
        This set has almost the same passive as polar star, which Is Childe's BiS. He can easily trigger 4/5 stacks by just playing normally and refresh them to keep max effect from the passive.

In contrast, Ayato can only refresh NA and Burst stacks  when he Is on field, and doesn't benefit as much as Childe.
            Oh, I thought Childe's burst pulled him out of melee mode, but looking it up that doesn't seem to happen? Not sure why I thought it did.
                Childe has 2 Burst modes:

Range Burst deals less damage and applies a riptide mark (also restores 15 energy)

Melee Burst deals more damage and deals a second explosion after removing riptide mark (doesn't restore energy)
        If you think that more operators can use it, then by all means, correct me. I focused on Childe specifically because the set works like Polar Star.
archons r typically supports and this set is dps focused, so i don't think so. she might be a hybrid like raisho though
    Emblem is DPS focused
    Venti, Raiden, and Nahida all do good damage, although Venti usually just builds EM.
Although unfortunately there probably will still be a bunch who will read the convoluted description wrong and say that "oh but it gives such a huge buff!!1!", also not realizing that you don't bleed in burst.

Edit: just tested, she still bleeds in burst if you took damage before. It will not work, however, if you don't get hit while setting her up, since she picks up the field.
    Where are you getting that bleed doesn't happen during burst? Especially when she has an ascension passive that mentions if she gathers her skill field with her burst, Dehya will take 60% less damage from redmane blood.
        Oh, my bad, it works, I asked earlier in another conversation, but just tested that she can still bleed if you took damage before.
Ayato would, depending on the weapon and team you use. Not a big difference, though
It’s 80% of the initial 10% damage bonus, otherwise known as 8%. So a total of 50%. It’s a few percent better then emblem at certain break points and yet again has anti synergy with her C6 since the bleed doesn’t happen during your burst and stacks will start falling off
Lol same here. My Nilou, c5 Mona and Ayato were waiting for this moment!
But Yelan doesn't scale with attack tho? Isn't emblem just better because she "drives" using her burst?
    I'll be farming 2 piece hp% and 2 piece hydro for Yelan since she's C3 and I can get by with lower ER%
I'm gonna try the set for a Mona rebuild..... Will see if I get better stats than 4pc glad I have on Candace atm.
You're gonna make 2pc hydro + 2pc hydro?
    Im just gonna use the set that gives me the most damage base on their substats.
Both have
2pc is pretty nice. 4 piece is terrible on her.
ATK is useless on her
Not really good?

Tho 2pc hp from the other is pretty good
Emblem's better.

The second set isn't actually good on anyone, including Dehya herself.
Yes

However. Pre C4 emblem is a better set, due to her er requirements (for a dps)

And for a e bot tom is a better support set
    I'm using Sacrificial Greatsword on her and she doesn't suffer terribly from low ER. Generally I'm using her as both; E bot and sort-of kinda DPS haha. It's a mess, but really fun. Right now I'm using 2x2pc Witch of Flames and Gladiator; with ATK, Pyro DMG and HP.
        uhm well it's doable, but you really want a lot of er for her before c4 (more than 200). do you have perhaps other character with favonius weapon in the team to help her? and have do you have c1 or no? cause if I understand your setup I think she will benefit more with atk/pyro/crit rate (good for favonius proc) or crit damage
yeah but its a joke of a set
    I'm playing for fun, so I don't really care – and it looks fun to me!
        I don't understand
            Don't understand what?
        If you don't care, why are you giving her that set?? Why do you even care about artifacts, give her random that match her colour better.
        I play for fun too, doesn't mean I have low standards.

\*edit, to clarify I ONLY mean that we should expect both a better kit for Dehya and better artifacts since they require so much time and investment.

&#x200B;

I am NOT saying that getting this set for Dehya = bad idea/not fun. Just to be clear. You absolutely can have a fun time with someone who's not meta and I don't mean to imply otherwise, just that you should still hold every character/artifact to a standard set by pretty much everyone else and not accept lessor ones.
        if thats the case, you do you and have fun
Would Corrosion trigger the 4pc effect for anyone?!
No, stick with Emblem. For one the hydro-set doesn't look like it can be triggered off-field and boosts attack; Yelan scales with HP. The second set, that 4-piece bonus is doing nothing for her, she's not going to be constantly taking damage.
Doubt it cause hydro is mainly a support element and also hydro nowadays leans to hp. Lastly, the 4 stats for the set is almost a carbon copy of Polar Star. So Childe's set
    They could literally do the first hydro main dps with archon. The hydro supports are so cracked already idk how you would top them so o would lean them to be main dps or heavy CC
Emblem is better for dehya
    [deleted]
        Who said anything about that you weirdo? People were just trying to help you out, literally nobody said what they did in a mean way, at least until you decided to respond like this.

Nobody also said you couldn't play how you wanted, we just pointed out it's worse.

Also using someone improperly is fun? There's nothing improper about using this new set on her...what are you even talking about? They said emblem was better not that this new set would be horrible on her.

Like, maybe in your quest to defend Dehya because critisism of a fictional character offends you, you should learn to read what people actually say? You just made up literally everything you just said.
Putting the second set on Dehya will make her worse unless you've got her C4+, whereupon it'll be farming an entirely new set for a ~1% increase.
    [deleted]
        Then why'd you farm the new set either?
Yeah sure you are mr hoyoverse employee, this artifact set does not help her be playable
[deleted]
    The 4p bonus is a toned down version of polar star, how do you think it's just "okayish" for Childe?
        [deleted]
            >so Nymph's actually is a lot better than I initially thought.

..... time to collect fragile resins then
            This is why hod sucks on him

  


Doesn't buff elemental skill, no Riptide Slash, no Riptide burst, no elemental burst...
    Should be AMAZING for Childe it’s basically built for him. It’s essentially a second copy of polar star and can stack with the actual weapon buffs too.
It’s 50% not 410% it says “the aforementioned damage bonus increases by 80%” meaning 80% of 10. So 8% per stack.
    Wow they need a technical writer. Now that I look at it, that is so vague that it hurts.
Why would you be farming the other set for Dehya? Emblem is a lot better
    Probably is, but I don't mind her ER issues. I mostly play her overworld anyway and only use her burst every now and then.
        If you only play her overworld why would you ever waste time on farming a set for her?
            Cause I like her
As if anyone’s gonna farm for Dehya lmao
    I plan on farming for her 😕
    Me
And Layla
    Nah Layla 4p ToM is better cus shield strength
Up to a point: beyond 75k it won't matter, so you shouldn't bother beyond 75k.

Obviously, with 2-pc tenacity, 2-pc of the new HP set (vourukasha's glow(?)), it will be easier to reach 75k without as many issues, but the seperation between it and 2-pc EM (gilded, wanderers, etc) will need to be seen first.
    I don't pull on weapon banner, so my Nilou won't be close to 75k even with double HP% artifacts.
    i’d imagine the 2pc hp 2pc hp will make hitting 75k much easier without her signature weapon.
        Hard to say easier though. You would need a few pieces to max roll hp% on substat. Having the key would be technically easier to reach 75k, just cause you aren't relying too heavily on artifact rolls. But the issue there is either luck or willingness to spend a couple hundred on the weapon banner. T_T
    tldr: good choice for those who dont have BiS weapon. those who have it, can forget the artifact to improve nilou
Onfield Nilou makes amazing use of the 4pc bonus.  Her constant self damage triggers the stacks, granting a continual 50% bonus to skill and burst damage.  And remember, her infused NAs are skill damage.
    what's team for on field nilou?
        it is the same as the one you use but you don't need xingqiu/yelan and give that slot to a healer and nilou use the sacrificial sword to first activate the aura then the hydro infusion. standard team i use is barbara nilou dendro MC and yaoyao
            Sacrificial Sword definitely isn't needed.  Key is obviously preferred, but Iron Sting helps with Bloom damage.
        Nilour Bloom but Nilou is played as the on field character ?
People with Zhongli have long since forgotten how to dodge. Hell they've probably forgotten that you can dash to dodge incoming damage.
    can confirm as a fellow zhongli brainrot user
        I’m so far gone that I have him triple crowned
            Good day to you fellow Kindred in Triple Crowned Zhongli. May your shield never fail yet another day
            Don't worry, I'm not too far behind with 9/10/10
            He is my only triple crowned character so yeah I can't dodge for shit
        I second this, when I use him, I will literally stand stil and wait for CDs if I have shield unbroken, and with 50k hp that's not hard
    Me as Zhongli enjoyer: "Hold E to dodge damage right?"
        I definitely thought it was doing T pose to assert dominance...
            That's because he is
        Mona enjoyers: you right!
    What is this "incoming" damage you speak of? Aren't our characters the only ones that do damage? The enemies just do funny little dances before dying...

>!Yeah fuck that, consecrated beasts showed me exactly how strong Zhongli shield is lmao!<
    Me who has learned to both dodge and tank:
        Yeahhhh, whenever I'm about to get hit by a boss and I have no stamina left, I switch over to meat-shield Yaoyao and just tank that slap.

YAOYAO, I'M SO SORRY, BUT YOU HAVE 40K+ HP
            That hurt real bad...
                It's fine Yao Yao, here, eat a radish and walk it off.
            That is literally me 💀
            Same but Nilou. I've forgotten to bring a healer to a few fights and just swap to 60k HP Nilou whenever a hit comes.
                the peak of Nilou is just running Kokomi + Yelan + Nilou and having ~140,000 total HP to just absorb hits
                    Yas!
            This is me lmao i'm so sorry Yaoyao :(
            this is the way
        Me who dodges into damage with my C6 Zhongli:
    I pulled zhongli the week I started playing the game and haven't removed him from my party ever since. I wanted to actually try out a team comp for once and I literally get hit by everything LMAO. It's not even a skill issue, even though I am unskilled. I literally just can't remember that I'm actually supposed to dodge stuff until after it hits me lol
    Wait what
        Dashing gives you I-Frames.
            Dam. My Zhongli has carried me through the game lol
                same here, first 5 star so my dodge ability has always been doomed
            Wait dashing gives i-frames? I had no clue that's a thing.
                Yep, in fact you can dash through attacks that should absolutely hit you. Like the Ruin Serpent's rolling attack.
            The Dark Souls player I am was overjoyed with that realisation back when I started. Still utilise it to this day😤
    I have C0 Hu Tao. I can't dodge because I don't have any stamina ever.
    Don't worry I already didn't know how to dodge long before I even started using Zhongli
    I haven't forgotten. Mainly because the Stagger mechanic is infuriating enough to make the lack of Shields frustratingly obvious.
>Dont be too reliant on shield.

I like being able to turn my brain off. Leave me alone.
Not when half the bosses in the game immediately kill your pillar
    Not really? Your pillar dying doesn’t kill your shield lol
        But no tenacity buff
            Oh I see what you’re getting at! But doesn’t tenacity also take effect even when he’s not on the field? See:

“This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.”

So, usually you pop his shield and go to a different char; hence “more beneficial for the team” and not “more beneficial for main dps Zhongli”

For me, and many players, we don’t even pay attention to his pillar, we use Zhongli for shield and maybe the occasional ult and go to town with our team’s skills.

Not that it doesn’t suck that god of geo’s pillar disappears in the face of a small boss…
                Tenacity works when not on field, but it needs an ability to continually hit enemies, which the pillar cannot do if it gets destroyed
                Yes it triggers off field, but it can only do so if the pillar pulses hit an enemy. Otherwise you get the ATK buff for just 3 seconds and once your pillar it's gone that's it. That's what the other person meant. When half the bosses immediately destroy the pillar, you won't reliably get the buff anyway.
I used to be super reliant on him. Dendro kind of broke me out of that. Now, having a main Dendro user is kind of taking me back into it cause I can bring Zhongli back into the mix alongside Nahida, Kuki, and Al
    All the same, you really don't need that much HP for Zhongli. I've been using Tenacity for a long time, and the only time I've ever had issues with his shield were due to my own negligence.
Overkill to create a 60k hp zhongli with shield strength on top of that.

You could just play him with 40k hp and some geo dmg or burst dmg, that way his shield still protects even in abyss12, but his meatball actually does up to 100k damage instead of being only a stun
    No, i'm talking about 2pc hp hp and 4pc tenacity. I'm saying that the tenacity shield strength buff is better than the hp% that you get from 2pc 2pc.

And the atk% buff from tenacity works on him too, so he gets extra attack as well.
        Tenacity doesn't work when equipped on off-field characters. 

E.g. ZL with Tenacity off-field does nothing for shield strength. 

But you could in theory run ZL on HP/HP and 4x Tenacity with the on-field DPS for max shield value.

Edit: I'm way too tired. I was thinking that old set paired with Petra. Assuming I'm not misrembering again, Tenacity is amazing on ZL.
    Dunno how you're getting 60k HP with TotM. I have all HP pieces and Black Tassel with good HP and HP% sub rolls and he's still just barely shy of 50k without Hydro resonance.
    I play mine with the 4pc geo set only to get that 35% DMG boost on crystalze.
        that only apply to the crystalize element tho its too unreliable to use. 4pc tenacity is the most underated set ever, i barely see alot of poeple use it. the 4pc set provide 20% atk to the team on skill hit, it's basicly the same as nobless but can stack with each other. its pretty good on Fishcl, yaoyao etc.
 Because. Big hp number go boing
    You insulted all Nilou and Yelan players right here XD
frees up some of his artifacts for my kokomi to get her a better 4pc totm
    I can get behind that! Was just farming the Tenacity domain for this same reason! Tired of switching my artifacts back and forth.
Not sure if 4 piece is worth going for, going for 2 piece minimum so could try it out.
    >!it didn't proc off dendro cores in beta, 4pc is quite literally only for dehya!<
        Man that's some bullshit.
            it's also not good on Dehya, assuming max stacks constantly it's like 1% better than Emblem. so there's like no point in farming for it if you don't need both sets.
                It's actually better the higher constellation you have. C1 adds additional dmg from hp, C2 prolongs her E and C4 allows you to lower Dehya er.

Emblem is equal only on 200+ er and only adds to the Elemental Burst(2/3 of dmg) through it's more constant bonus. It adds absolutly nothing aside from that.
                    The stacks are really inconsistent, though. It'll be pretty hard to get the max bonus for the full duration of her burst.
                        Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
                            The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
                What if you use Dehya mostly for her skill? Her burst is atrocious but her skill is probably the best part of her kit. Her burst is just busted bad, even if they improved the damage it would still be terrible, as it's slow and easily avoided and buggy.
                    if her skill did much that might be viable. but low uptime, low damage, and even the gold state from her passive only there for 9s.
                    Use TotM then. Unless you want skill damage but then I'd have to ask why.
    yeah, 2pc 2pc hp% is probably going to be good
What's the optimal Nilou comp and the comp when there's no fish?
    I don't have Fish, so I'm going to try Yaoyao for healing, with Collei using Elegy and Candace for Hydro Infusion.
        Sounds interesting, 

Nilou/Yelan/Yaoyao + something... hmmm
            Nahida is the one who truly elevates that comp though. I'd ditch Yelan before Nahida. Her skill removes the importance of having an Anemo CC to stack enemies. So Nahida will remain Nilou's #1 partner until we get another Hydro/Dendro unit who can do that job. Maybe a Fontaine hydro unit who can cast whirlpools or something?
                I don't have Nahida tho, that's the issue.

I am looking for a doable comp with her because I don't know any other.
                Anemo CC breaks the team comp anyways, nilou only works with dendro/hydro
    Assuming Kaveh can pop Nilou's big blooms, I'd say Nahida, Kaveh, Nilou and Yelan/Xq/Ayato maybe. Tho no healer here.
        Kaveh has self healing tho.
            On a 0.5s cooldown, i don't think he'd be able to keep up with nilou's bloom damage. Kokomi barely can in serious AoE scenarios.
                He does not take damage from them as well though actually, unless they worded it weirdly in the livestream, they said ‘he does not take damage from them, in fact he heals from them’, paraphrasing obviously.
                    There is nothing in his kit protecting him from Bloom self-damage. He does heal for 300% of his EM with a 0.5sec ICD when he takes bloom damage. And frankly a reasonable potential of 6k HP/sec seems rather huge, even without damage reduction from the Blooms.
                        Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
                    It didn't go exactly like that. In the livestream they said those two separately which makes it confusing. Basically what I got from it is he doesn't take bloom dmg from the ones he pop. But when he takes dmg from the blooms that pop naturally,  he heals himself a small bit and it has a cd.
                        Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
                            That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
            Oh yeah. But only for bloom damage right? I think I heard so.
        You just make Xingqui sad from the minimal healing his rainswords provide.  He's trying his best!
            But to heal Nilou we'd need around 10 Xingquis. She is too damn beefy. Can use YaoYao instead of Kaveh if Kaveh's bloom popping turns out to be useless.
                Baizhu is literally right there
                    Yeah but can't recommend before playing and seeing his stats.
                That sounds like the beginning of a harem anime.
                    Reverse Harem
    You'll want Baizhu or YaoYao for healing. The 2nd hydro character is preferably Kokomi so keep a look out for her rerun. Barbara can work just fine. Full EM Burst Ayato also works well. Nahida is a preferred dendro teammate cuz of her effortless dendro application and huge 250 EM buff she gives everyone
she can already get to 75k without double hp sets.
    Try getting to 75k HP with only tenacity of the millileth. Tell me how easy it is.
        it is doable if you have her bis aswell. if not, sure, another %20 hp is beneficial but this set doesn't affect those who have her bis.
            It actually needs a good amount of hp substats, even with weapon, not "that" easy. So the hp set will help.
Preparing for Fontaine perhaps.
    Yeah maybe but like, it's too early for that,is it not?
        Not really. We're going into 3.6. Inazuma only went to 2.8, so we're looking at like 12 weeks to farm the new set if Sumeru follows the same duration.
        If new set have more usability like how emblem affects any burst focus characters, it have some values. Not to mention, farming good stats take eternity. Never too early.
        Is it? Fontaine is like 3 months away
            But they never released artifact sets for new regional characters this early,did they? Like they release emblem domain after Inazuma came out,same for the Gilded dreams domain when Sumeru came out.
                Can’t really try to call an occurence normal when it has only had 2 chances to happen so far.. they released an Inazuma character before Inazuma released - it’s not that deep
                    Atleast it's two samples. Not like they released a sumeru character before Sumeru came out. Two maybe a bare minimum but it's still is something. Besides, people base a lot of things just on these two occurrences in genshin,like the number of patches,archons reruns and release and so on.
    Yeah it's definitely to let people start pre-farming for Fontaine characters.
    That's what I was thinking, might suggest that the Hydro Archon could be our first Main Dps Archon
The Heart of Depth is not really tailor made for Childe or Ayato, just a generalist hydro on-fielder much like Blizzard is not for Ayaka or Witch for Hu Tao.
    [https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Echoes\_of\_an\_Offering](https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Echoes_of_an_Offering) 

This artefact set was made for ayato
        People really forgot about that huh.
        I remember the TCs saying that it wasn't good though.
            Echoes is BIS when your ping is consistently bellow 100. Otherwise Gladiators finale or heart of depth share BIS
    The artifact set is almost an exact copy and paste of polar star’s ability
    Which hydro are we talking about? Because I was specifically talking about the pre-existing artifacts being tailor made for Childe and Ayato(HoD and Echoes respectively),and not the new artifact set being tailor made.
        They just missed the word set. It’s a general hydro set. Not tailor-made for anybody.

And Echoes would be Ayato’s if it weren’t terrible.
        Echoes is terrible if you have high ping. It's just a badly designed artifact.

HoD is good but the 4pc effect only buffs Normal and Charged attack. Childe has more damage sources than that.

The new set is stronger for Childe since it buffs every aspect of his kit.
        I edited the comment, I was talking about the HoD set
    I mean, at least blizzard is the best set Ayaka can use, in Childe's case, more often than not, a 2/2 set would do more damage, especially in multiple enemies scenarios
Who? HOD is horrible for childe's sources of damage

Edit: I'm serious HOD is crap for Childe, it's just a generalist auto attack buff set
    Yeah but it was still probably made for him and Mona before Hoyo had an idea on what they should be doing for artifacts. After all, they were the only characters who would consider doing left-clicks as Hydro vision users.
    I think you forgot the /s or /j,you can't be serious.
        Childe would more often than not, especially on high investment, have better damage and faster clears on 2/2 set options instead of an actual 4pc set (HoD).

  


I strongly believe that when characters are in that situation, they should get an usable 4 piece that outperforms the 2/2 option. Without the need for the set to be completely niche for said character.

  


Not to be confused with giving each character their own artifact set, that would remove any creativity from building and choosing what set to use
Because artifact sets will always be there for the remainder of the game and can benefit future characters too???????? What is this question?
> Honestly one would expect an artifact set that'd support Baizhu.

He has a lot of options though. TotM. Dendro set. Gilded.
    Still,he doesn't have any tailored artifact for him just like how Kokomi had one. It's either healing or support with him(HP or ToTM),unlike Kokomi.
HoD is not tailor made to Childe since 4pc does absolutely nothing for his burst. Nymph's Dream is still not tailor made to Childe since he cannot easily vaporize his melee burst while having the full effect, at most you'll be having 2/3 stacks when bursting against a single target.
For some reason people on here got mad last time I've explained this but I will do it again. 99% sure this set is for the Archon based on the name of the set. So it is not made for an old character. Even if it does work well on them too. Coincidences like this do happen.
    Exactly this. Why the fuck would hoyo want to buff the already broken childe and Ayato? Specially at a time such as this when they're not even getting a rerun? Xiao got a dedicated set because he didn't have one,but the above mentioned characters already have theirs. This is 100% made for a new character. People can be really quick to jump to conclusions,and this specially applies to genshin fandom.
        Because Childe never had a set made for him, he's using 4pc of a generalist hydro on-field character set (HoD) or 2/2, this one is Polar Star but in the form of an artifact and buffs everything he has, including burst and riptides, while HoD buffed attacks.
            You say that HoD was a generalist hydro artifact but do be honest, which other character made use of HoD besides Childe until Ayato? Pretty sure there was no character who did. So the fact that HoD was released after Childe and nobody else used it tells a lot about whether it was made for him or not. Sure it didn't buff every part of his kit but it was still made for him nonetheless,albeit a bit general.
                Well, same can be said about Blizzard or Witch, those sets are there for elemental carries until they get their own down the road. Childe also didn't have Polar Star on release, it was created later and now they've made Polar Star artifact.
For ayato can be, for Childe you just have to do Auto and Charged attack for full stacks since riptide counts as elemental skill damage
It's really not. Here, let me simplify stuff for you: 

Hit stuff with NA, get more damage.
    Not exactly. That's just one stack right? You'll also need to hit things with your skill, burst and/or CA.

On Childe it's ez, cuz pressing E is one stack and then you can NA and CA for two more.

On Ayato it's gonna be harder, because your E needs to actually explode for one stack, and you can't get CA stacks during E so you'll have to CA before E. Or rely on burst.
I think your comment got sent more than once
    Oopsie sorry bout that homes
The artifact is pretty much a copy of Polar Star's effect minus some of the buffs, so its 100% a Childe set. 

It doesn't buff his burst, but it'll last his entire on-field time in International.
    the wording is similar but polar star buffs last 12s. this is dramatically lower

and if he doesn't get buffs on his burst then we know the frontload dmg will be worse than existing artifacts. which won't be a buff
        He can keep 3 stacks throughout his entire skill duration, riptide is considered skill damage.

For burst nuke, 2pc Atk and 2pc Hydro might still be better, but this still an upgrade over HOD.

edit: 2pc noblesse is better than Atk in Burst nukes
        It's still basically the same style of buff as Polar Star though.
his burst doesn’t benefit from heart of depth’s 4pc anyways,  atleast with this set he can normal attack with bow to get one stack before he bursts, while also benefiting from the full stacks while in melee mode.
He can get full stacks, you just need to NA CA and you have full stacks UP when you burst 

Edit: yes, even after kazuha and xianglings burst
The set is similar to instructor set 8 sec too so you can use child's burst before xiangling's burst and be in the 8 sec window. (Childe aim shot E N1, bennett Q, kazuha Q E, childe Q, xiangling Q E, childe E N2C for 9-10 sec)
cool!  a 9% damage improvement is worth it for me
This. Wait for others to do the dirty work before you grind.


The other artifact doesn't seem as useful (right now) to make this artifact domain entirely worth it like it would for emblem or gilded dream domains
    I'm in an unfortunate fortunate situation where my heart of depth artifacts aren't that great so I have no reason not to farm for it. It looks like it will be better though due to the pretty significant atk buff that goes with the hydro damage buff.
        Also the trend seems like the newer domains are easier/more fun to play through than the older ones.
            Older domains are made to counter what ever you build . 


Vv set ? Physical bonus 

Hod/blizzard ? Enemies with cryo shields 

Witch ?  All pyro enemies with pyro device buff .
                Mondstadt talent books? Forfeit your freedom.
                    I hate that domain with a passion. Cryo enemies, stamina debuff, and icicles constantly raining down on you. It takes twice as long to complete as any other domain not because it's hard, but because it's annoying. Who thought that was a good idea to make, especially as the first talent domain new players will enter?
                    Got my time down to 47 seconds in that domain when I C6'd my Bennett, down from best 55. That's pretty significant I think!
                Yeah I guess that makes sense. I only farm for my strongest characters so I guess it seems harder
        You should be strong boxing?
    I mean at least the rng will be better, my luck with that stupid domain is nil.
        Yeah I feel like most of not all old domains are cursed.
    The other artifact set is potentially worth it for the 2 piece alone.

Nilou go brrr....
A fine opportunity!
Ah yes, I read that in Childe's voice. He definitely said that somewhere I can't remember
At least let us save different gear to the different teams in the the menu so i don't have to regear like 2-3 people every time i want to play razor 💀
I want a tagging feature where we can preselect every main and substat we want for our artifacts that will then automatically sort our collection into two different tabs, tagged artifacts and fodder artifacts.  We have a limited sort feature already but the fact we can only select two stats to sort by is simply not enough. 

The limit on how many we hold isn't the annoying part it's the inevitable sorting through the pile trying to pick out which ones to grind into Exp that it.
Filtering or sorting the bad artifacts is so confusing and taking a lot of time. Not to mention if you have hoarding disorder. Especially after Mhy release new characters that need weird substats.

"Emblem is a set for dps. Dps wants ATK%, so HP% is useless". Mhy: release Yelan.

"Tena is a set for shielder and geo, EM is useless". Mhy: release Nilou.
you wonder until it happens to you
    it will never bcs i always do strongbox, i never get over 500 artifacts
        well when you have good copies you might need in the future, it’s worth it not to eat them
            Well the thing is is that 99.9% of the max inventory hoarders aren't full because they have 1000 good +20s they're saving for possible future characters. They have a bunch of say, 4 line double crit +0s on some set like Clam. Or worse, they're hoarding 3 line +0s which are even more unlikely to be good. They're just too cheap/lazy to gamble and see if the pieces are actually good.

And it's not people that have multiple sets for characters either because there are ~40 characters in the game and you could have 3 full never-shared sets for every single character and you would still only be around ~600 artifacts. So imo, everyone that has the max 1500 are lazy. If the cap was 5000, they would still be at the cap.


FWIW, I say this as someone with ~300 +20s (and like 100 +16s). I'm never above like ~800/1500 inventory since I'm always gambling artifacts upgrades so I always have under 500K mora which only gets that high because of events. Out of all my +20s, 90% of them are "good enough" and my standards are relatively low compared to most players. I'd be really, really impressed if someone had 1000 +20s because that's a massive, massive mora and artifact exp sink, never mind 1000 that are all actually good by the average player's standards.
                Look at this guy calling everyone lazy who doesn't have the same artifact standards and isn't micromanaging like them.
                    Also this guy straightly destroying possible 35%CD artifacts having 0 guarantee that his "4lines" one will not roll in full flat atk XD And from what I saw — most people with that ~35%CD has it on absolutely random pieces which sometimes have even only 2 good stats.

"Gl" for him to loosing 2/3 in raw experience and possible chance of good roll in future. I was sacrificing EM arts on the start of the game(because I haven't had single anemo) and when Sumeru came I hardly got 1 "non-set". Now I'm keeping even great def% and phys ones despite I hate def and phys builds just because I don't know what future characters, that I may like, may need.
                    It's a F2P RPG with inventory space and micromanaging is just kind of part of those. Usually, the less you spend, the more you have to micromanage. I'm just content enough that Genshin isn't like some other F2Ps or gacha games where you'd have to pay for inventory space. I quit POE years ago because the inventory as f2p as completely ass after you hit mapping. In a different timeline, Genshin would have 3 expeditions with 2 paid slots, not-unlimited character slots, like 300 artifacts slots and up to 3000 if you paid and other shit like that.
                Anyone who actually plays efficiently has 1500 after playing for a year.

Why? Because they understand how to roll +4 artifacts to see if its good or not. And hold onto some stuff while dumping the rest. 

Basically they float 1200-1500 and when lazy, its hitting 1500.

> +20s

You clearly dont get what people are doing. It's not about +20s, its about holding onto double crit and other good artifacts that can roll well when you need it for a character.
            eh no, you see... in like 5 artifact runs i get maybe 1 or 2 things that have potential
                [deleted]
                    just sift through them as you get them and lock and unlock them when you recieve them. makes it easy
                        [deleted]
                            yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
                you’re doing yourself dirty, what looks like it doesn’t have potential now, may hav potential in the future. always good to keep anything that has 4 or more substats from the get go, especially if it has percentages, even if the main stat seems “bad” now, there can always be a a character released in the future that scales on it later. it’s a long term game, not just a what’s good right now game
                    playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later" game only leads to excessive hoarding of garbage

future characters will likely use different sets

if it was like a 4 liner shime piece but with the wrong mainstat, yeah that would be worth keeping but what's the point of locking shit thats crit def hp em on a set like clam?

on top of that, if you're farming artifacts for a character and they set a set that's in the strongbox, it's better to just throw artis into the strongbox cuz your priority is getting sucrose em artifacts and not saving vv pieces for a future xiao-like char
                        > playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
                        I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
                    ah yes flat hp, atk and def surely have potential. i decide whats good for my account okay, and i see no future use for the stuff i get rn


and if something like that will be useful later its most likely gonna come with a new set
                        no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
                    That’s just excessive hoarding. By the time a future character comes out that uses the exact set of substats your hoarded artifacts have, you might has well just farm one when you get there. Unless it’s a truly rare piece, I still think you guys are just hoarding for little good reason.

Plus a lot of characters are being released to use new artifact sets.

Other than sets like gladiator and emblem, most of these future characters probably won’t be using your hoarder sets anyway
                wow, that's a lot. I generally consider it to be a nice day in genshin if i get 1 good potential artifact from 5 condensed runs, which is why i pretty much always have around 500 artifacts locked at any time. It's been like this since 2021. Don't know how people can max their inventory without spending $$ on resin refresh. Maybe they should up their standards for what they consider good if approaching inventory limit.
                ***"eH nO,"***
        I'm assuming you haven't been playing since day one? For most artifact sets you should keep decent: ER/EM/ATK/HP sands, CR/CD/HP/ATK/EM circlet, ofc all good goblets, and at least a few flowers and feathers with good lv0 spreads. Since DEF scaling is so rare (and geo focused) you can skip it, but otherwise you never know what substat/artifact combination will be useful for future chars... after years of farming the collection really adds up, I sit on around ~1.1k artifacts that I can't get rid of.
            well said, almost AR60 here and same, i have some that I can’t get rid of myself
            I typically skip keeping HP, ATK, or DEF circlets, since they've always been situational upgrades at best. For the supports that just want to stack one stat, the subs aren't that critical, so you can farm a new one if necessary. 

But I'm in the same boat, somewhere around 900 artifacts, and I kept hitting the cap when I was farming for Yoimiya's Bollide set (since the only way it was an upgrade was with great substats).
[deleted]
    After a month? Mine fills up like in a week or two
I play since launch. At some point you get that many artifacts with good subs, good potential, but not enough exp to level them.
    This right here. I've burned myself too many times getting rid of artifacts that look "bad" but then find out later when the Genshin optimizer recommends it as a good piece for a build but it no longer exists in my inventory. Now I hold on to anything that looks like it might be half decent.
Looks like you keep only the best of the best and don't plan for potential weird scaling chars.
    yes bcs they are gonna have a own set in the future anyways, and i dont plan on getting every character
The hoarder mindset where you see a remotely usable artifact, lock it and tell yourself you'll “roll it later,” then you come back to it after 1 year and it rolls into trash stats, but you still keep it because it has two crit rolls and maybe someone will come along who needs the trash rolls. This also applies for the double crit def and hp sands/goblets/circlets.
You never know what is useful in the future.

I had a flower with both crits, but all upgrades went onto hp%. Then Nilous comes.

I saved crits + hp% raw pieces and then Yelan came. She is my best-built just because I saved my 'scraps'. I spent 0 time in farming for her artifact due to Raiden and Xiangling...

You don't only trace for crit pieces, full em or any % pieces can be useful. You should only be throwing away flat HP/atk/def upgraded pieces (watch this comment to bite myself a year later)
    I follow the same mindset and gave yelan some near perfect rolls from my raiden's reject pile too.

my biggest fear is they release a character that has terrible base stats, can't equip a weapon but his abilities have amazing scaling so raw stats benefit him better than %.
        Thanks Satan.
    My rule of thumb is absolutely save anything with a double crit sub stats. Inevitably even if it is EM, HP, ER or Def as the main there is a character that can use it.
    flat stats (besides em) will never be useful
When you get to late game you will find it more difficult to get artifacts that meet your standards. Happens even faster if you do routes.
    This exactly. I have somewhere in the ballpark of 100 level 20 5\* artifacts, and another 100 that are anywhere from 12-19. I have plenty of artifacts that allow me to clear abyss. The only time I lock artifacts now is if it has the correct main stat, and all four substats are exactly what I'm looking for.
I don't need to farm anything more from the ones available in the strongbox.  And I spend all the fodder I can get.  I have 1400+ gold artifacts.  I've started to treat those like fodder because I'd rather level stuff up over just getting more out of the strongboxes.
I lock like 50 of every artifact sets, and there's 26 sets so that's already 1300.
Strongboxing feels like fruitless work. Besides I started playing before it was introduced and already had too many artifacts at the time.

Now if I could mark artifacts as trash when I receive them and then automatically fodder trash that would be improvement.
The farther you get in the game the higher your artifact standards increase. You just end up piling up a ton of 5 star artifacts. Then you start leveling some potentially decent 5 stars artifacts to reveal the 4th substat and you think to yourself that you can use those trash +4s as fodder for other 5 stars. Hey, I can get rid of 13 3 star artifacts to get a 5 star artifact that I can fodder to promote another 5 star to +4? Not a bad trade. Then those +4s start piling up too because your standards keep increasing and there's not much to level and when you do you use your 3 and 4 star artifacts first to clear up inventory space and by the time you're done leveling those +4s are still there. But maybe some of those +4 are actually kind of decent now with the release of new characters? Ah crap I don't have fodder to level up the +4s because I used my lower tier artifacts. Then you spend 30 minutes strongboxing and it's really slow because you can only throw away 26 artifacts at a time when you trade away 39 to get 12 back.

Anyways jenshin is a pretty great game. Open world and stuff and lots of inventory management.

Tldnr nothing is worth leveling and when you do, you just dump artifacts to find out that the ones you got were trash anyways. Not even 25 to 30 CV and 3 usable stat lines? Probably not that good.
People keep bad artifacts under the guise of "future characters".
I'm at the point where I even strongbox leveled artifacts to get more artifacts to level. But 2 reasons why I always hit the cap. I artifact fodder almost every day. I also buy the battlepass. The battlepass does a lot for leveling up characters helping you have even more time to spend your resin on more artifacts and thats without really using the fragiles.

But yea I hit 1500 cap every other day. Strongbox, get more fodder, hit cap. And yet i'm still kinda picky on what I level up.

Also I just like having multiple artifacts with different ranges of CD or CR so I can better optimize for whatever each character needs especially on emblem, shim, and glad since they are so commonly used.
My artifacts are always over 1500, most are 5 stars and quite a hassle to keep organizing.
If they did that, it might bring Dehya in line with other carries. Can't have that
    Lol yep, instead it's a small improvement over emblem, but comes with the condition of stacks needing to build up.
        Its a small improvement over emblem technically but her er issues are so bad to the point where emblem ends up being better
Reading it correctly is another Dehya nerf, then
That would be an anyone buff.
    Yeah, I just removed the Shielder from my Eula party, so she'd be getting the hits. I don't even want to think of a 400% Eula burst.
I guess DMG Bonus worth more.
It’s not bad, but it’s not that good either. It’s like a 10% damage increase over the 2 piece attack/Viridescent set combos.

And that’s if the substats are the same. So for many of us who farmed Xiao artifacts for 2 years before Vermillion dropped, it just wasn’t even worth it to farm again. Far more resin efficient to just keep what we had.

But if the set hat given both attack and Anemo damage bonus, *that* would have been a significant damage increase. Which we asked for, and they didn’t give it. Then they just made a hydro version of exactly what we wanted lol.
Her skill does deal damage, but only when first cast, and it’s on like a seven year cooldown.  Unless you have some reliable and quick way of enabling plunge attacks (basically Venti or Albedo), it’s probably not an amazing set for her, and even with I’m not sure it’s worth it over just whatever you were already using.
    Hmm— is it? To get to 50% dmg bonus with ESF, you need 200% ER. That probably means an ER sands or ER weapon. Neither are desirable.


You could just run an ER sands with this new set, get the 20% HP and 50% dmg bonus without overcommitting on the ER.

If you’re C0, they seem similar, with the new set being slightly better. If you are C1, it’s obviously better and it’s value grows more with more constellations.
        I feel like one of three things is true:

1.	 You responded to the wrong comment, or
2.	 You didn’t realize which character we were talking about, or
3.	 You are seriously advocating for running EoSF for on-field Barbara, a character whose burst deals exactly zero damage.

I’m *guessing* it’s one of the first two.
            Good god EoSF Barbara has me rolling
            LOL- definitely 1. I appreciate the humored reply though.
I think the bubble things are awesome with on-field Kokomi, but this looks exciting, too!
    I'm as much a fan of the clam as the next person, but it'd be nice to shake it up. Besides, that domain fuckin hates me.
        Word.
    Honestly I think Vourukasha stands a serious chance of being strictly better than clam provided you're using Kokomi as a driver in a Nilou bloom team (which guarantees you're taking damage often enough to maintain 5 stacks for as long as her burst is up). I have not run the numbers though.
Shoot, give us a five team after a certain AR. I don’t know about y’all but the most fun I’ve had is when they give us a “trial” character and we have a five person team. The possibilities and mechanics are ridiculous.

At the very least, let us switch mid combat. Maybe it’s my own stupidity but finding out my perfectly built Catalyst is up against a boss who is invulnerable to all of my attacks. (Heizo, you’re a ninja, drop the book and use your actual  abilities)
    *angry console players* 

5 character teams is cool until you play on console, since switching to 5th char requires hitting L1+triangle or LB+Y by default depending on the console

How cumbersome that is.
yes i do..
If you are sitting at ar60 for months on end, some of us years on end, and with decent consistent artifact luck this is inevitable. I don’t see how anyone would be against this because they have already increased artifact amount and it would be fairly easy to add in a set sorter and revamp artifact section for clarity.
More like not enough proper artifacts for the number of characters that need it 😕
If she generated a bit more energy and if her E had more applications could be good I guess.
    "if dehya was good she'd be good"
        Well, I don't think I'm asking for something groundbreaking
            Which is what is frustrating.  As messy as her kit is, they could have easily made her not suck but they choose to do it anyway.
    I'm using Sacrificial Greatsword on her and it's fun :)
        I didn't enjoy any of her "roles"(tank and support), so I only use her as ""dps ""
The only thing useful is the 2 piece bonus
    for nilou and shielders, for dehya it does nothing since her hp scaling are insult to jokes for how bad they are
        even for nilou, she can reach the cap hp for her bountiful cores without 2-2 if you have key. it probably is better for people without key.
            yeah, but your average genshin player probably wont have the bis weapon for her so 2-2 is still decent, or in my case i have key and am still not at the 75k hp point with hydro resonance
            If you have Key, you're still getting HP to EM conversion with no limit. So it's not a bad thing either for her to go double 20% HP.
        I read someone else say dendro cores don't activate the 2 piece effect, so the set wouldn't be vialbe for Nilou.
            on nilou you would go 2 piece tenacity and 2 piece this set so you can increase the bloom buff she gives
    ..and 2 piece bonus is only useful for C1+ Dehya

I was hoping that they will buff this artifact set but I guess they really want Dehya to be this bad.
        I'm more surprised a standard character having its own artifact set that no one else can use the 4 piece bonus
            Keqing was the only competent user of thundering fury for forever. Diluc is basically the only character that uses crimson witch to full efficiency.

Having a character specific artifact set doesn't really mean much for standard characters. We have some artifact sets that are stinkers and others that are niche and some that are super broad.

Other characters *can* stack the bonus from this set, it just isn't quite as easy. You can do it from burning, bloom or burgeon damage.
            i was going to comment diluc, but bennett can also use cwof 4p.
                Hu Tao uses it as well
                    not to full efficiency. she uses it for vape/melt dmg bonus and one stack pyro dmg bonus, whereas diluc and bennett can stack the 4p easily.
            very unusual, isn't it.

...I wonder if there could be a reason for that, contradictory to her appearance on standard.

No, I'm sure the fact nobody knew she was standard until the trailer was just a complete coincidence.
                I don't think it's much of a secret that they tossed Dehya into standard rather than try to fix her kit because they didn't want to have an expectation to rerun her at some point and have another poorly selling banner when they could just eat the poor sales for one cycle while building FOMO for the weapon banner.
                    I mean, one way of fixing her was to release artifact set tailored for her and then rerun her. Instead, they just tossed her into standard banner so she wont bother them anymore.
                        They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
Only if you are interested in her being a main. If you play her for support with something like Tenacity, this set will also do buffing her personal damage over team damage which might be better in some teams since not all teams scale use atk.
    from the way i think the set will work. it will be shit if you use only her skill, her skill snapshots buffs, so you will have to place her skill first, take dmg and get 5 stacks then place it again with barely any time left to use the buff, but the timing to get it right will be rough since stacks have independent timers, not only that but how useful will 50%-42% damage increase be when your skill hits like a noodle.

now if the way i think the set will work is wrong, it still isnt too great bcs it first needs to stack and youre still hitting like a noodle.

lastly, the teams where you bring dehya as not the damage dealer,  would be ganyu burn, where you want to use tenacity to buff ganyu more and use dehya only for the pyro applier and small utility she gives, or burgeon team where you need to have as much em as possible with gilded or lost paradise set
        I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless. I get there are questionable aspects to her but if you were to make a set like this you would make it work or just change the requirement, like the extra comes from her casting skill which she can do twice.

And she does fit on other teams even they aren't considered meta so reducing the conversation around the set to only Ganyu and burgeon isn't productive when people are using her outside of that. That said Tenacity would still likely the go too since it is a good set and her personal damage is so low 50% more isn't going to be huge particularly at c0.
            her skill does snapshot the burst doesnt, the set buff im not sure. and by making other teams, any team can be played just wont be good, the teams i have in mind are ones that she noticably contributes to the team and even in the teams you think of, the result will be the same, so the artifact is still worthless
                Sorry I misread that you said her skill does snapshot as you were unsure, that is on me. That is the first I heard of that, that would make this set worse if there isn't some thing where it forces it or they change her skill, you would have to wait for her second rotation before benefiting from it. When I saw the details of it even if it ignores snapshotting, it looked like a sidegrade or at least not a set worth farming if you had a Tenacity. But if you happen to get one or don't want to farm Tenacity domain you can use it on her.
            > I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless

Her skill snapshots on cast and on recast. It's not a huge issue because you should have basically full uptime after your first rotation, especially if you have c2 dehya (quite possible with her being standard which likely means she'll be in lost 50/50's too).

You can just hold the recast on skill until you've taken damage from literally any source - I currently like to play dehya in burning subreactions, so nahida hold E -> dehya E starts the ticking and then I can cycle through other characters or dawdle a bit before recast.
[removed]
    right? especially next patch since she will be on standard banner so people can get her at ANY time so they can get c4 dehya TOO!! /s
It's actually about 10-13% better at 220-240 ER, assuming equal substats assuming you're bursting on cooldown. You need 300% ER on EoSF for it to literally be within 1%. If you're not bursting on cooldown dehya's personal dps contributions to the team will be worse but the set will be better than EoSF.

C2 is where the new set gets "really good", because more of dehya's damage is shifted towards her skill there.
    if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah. not only that, but it requires you to have same stats with the new set which you just wont have, then with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration and if you need constellations to make a set seem better is a horrible and shitty character and set
        > if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah.

No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

So the relevant portion is the buff to skill and burst, vs just the buff to burst. Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%. To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting. So equivalent substats you're doing either 150% of total, or ~33 + (67*1.55~1.65) = 130-142%.

I believe you're trying to make an appeal for weapon substats because of how much energy they can provide, but it doesn't really matter, because you can trade out attack% for ER or you can get crit on weapon or something like that. Or use a higher base damage weapon.

You're also assuming that everyone has pre-farmed an EoSF set, which isn't necessarily the case.

> with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration

Redmane's blood can only be filled while the skill is active, but it keeps ticking even after the skill has ended. It's *really* not hard for dehya to maintain full uptime on all of the stacks, because taking any damage once every 10 seconds will keep the stacks active. Significantly easier at c2 but genuinely not a problem at c0.
            I have no idea where you're getting the numbers you've been citing from.

TL;DR at the bottom and why the difference at C0 in the best case scenario is significantly less than any number you've said

> No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

these substats are not equivalent in value. 4 HP rolls amount to next to nothing in terms of damage for C0 Dehya, a couple extra 1000s of DMG at most, whereas 4 ER rolls translates to 4 extra rolls of useful damage sources (crit, atk, em) on your artifacts, which actually amounts to a damage increase. 

1 crit substat is worth ~2x as much as that 20% HP, so if we assume you exchange 2 ER rolls for 2 crit rolls, 1 atk and 1 EM roll each for 1 ER roll, you get ~3,5-3,75 worth of 20% HP 2pc, for the record.

> Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%.

on what team? at C0, on mono-Pyro, her skill is going to be ~27-28%(~949% ATK + 7.8% HP on her 2 skill uses + 5 field procs) vs (2013% ATK + 34% HP), and it goes further down at C1. 

on Vape Hypercarry, C0, it's closer to like 15-20%, depending on if u get vapes on E casts or not. at C1 it's under 15%. 

> To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting

again, what team?

on Vape Hypercarry, which has dogshit energy generation, using ER calculator, u need 230 on safe RNG to burst on cooldown assuming single target, Fav Kazuha, low HP particles, 1 Bennet E funneled (which u can do while bursting on cooldown) and Dehya catching none of her own particles. this is genuinely worst case scenario and practically results in way less damage than playing her with 150-180 ER (depending on the rest of ur team and artifacts) and funneling more than 1 Bennet E. 1 more funnel (which would include one of Dehya's own particles) gets her down to 184 in the same calc. assuming Dehya players use (and they they SHOULD use) that much ER is completely non practical.

on mono-Pyro these ER reqs are way off, she needs like 150-170 to be safe if u play rotations well.

now, for the actual math: using all of the above, let's assume C0 Dehya is using her new set on mono Pyro, at the minimum required ER of 150% and is maintaining perfect uptime. the new set will give her a net gain of about 20-21% more damage total, whereas Emblem will give her about 13%. let's assume it's 21% on new set and 12% on emblem. the new set would be 121/112 ~= 1,08 -> about 8% stronger. 

this 8% is the BEST CASE scenario for the new set, and doesn't take into account the % made up for with the artifact rolls I mentioned earlier. if we used higher ER reqs and Vape Carry, this gap is closed very quickly.
            i used fav and inazuma weapon because of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6UTuQbKvIk&t=155s) video at 2:40, since that seems to be closest increase you claim. sure, me assuming everyone has pre farmed eosf is a stretch. the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce, most of the time you wont utilize the full buff and we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt. i assume it doesnt so you will have to do weird rotations to snapshot the full buff on her skill, on her burst it wont be too much of a problem if you arent against enemies that get staggered by her punches and redmane ticks help. and im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2
                >  the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce ...  im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2

Do you not know how redmanes blood works?

When any active character takes damage while in the aoe of dehya's skill, up to 50% of that damage goes into redmanes blood, which is portioned out over the next 10 seconds. This is "reset" every time a new instance of damage occurs. This damage continues to tick even if the skill ends. This applies even to damage from things like torches/campfires, burning, or dendro cores. Every instance of this damage over time will add or refresh one stack from the artifact set.

Dehya's skill at c0 has a 12s (closer to 13s because of animations) uptime with an 18s cooldown. If you take damage at 8 seconds into skills duration, you will still have stacks when you recast skill. It is trivially easy to maintain 100% uptime on all stacks of the new set.

> we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt

That isn't a function of the artifact set, it's a function of dehya's kit. Dehya's skill snapshots on cast or on recast. Dehya's burst does not snapshot. It's not particularly hard to recast skill to capture the buff and burst should always have it.
                    ight
                        I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
                            dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
So would a 4 pc of this be better than emblem of C4 to C6 Dehya? Debating if I want to farm a set for her.
Even if you want her as dps emblem is better. The new set is only marginally better and it comes with the condition that you need to wind up all 5 stacks to get there. It's not even close to as good as emblem at the start of combat/new chamber in abyss because of that condition.
>!That was tested in the beta. It doesn’t work with Dendro cores.!<
Hu tao doesnt scale off skill damage so it would just be burst damage one time. Compared to 4 shime or 4 cw it is probably pretty lackluster to get just 80% burst damage.
Grettings fellow captain.
I smell apologems
Ayato primarily scales off of attack tho
That honestly doesnt mean much. When husk came out i did the same for noelle and it stated an increase of 1k using husk instead of bolide with same stats. However, a few months later i rotated zhongli to big meatball build and had enough husk leftover to give a trial run with noelle. That set had 300 less def and 30%less cdmg than my bolide set. It also increased my maximum dpmage per swing by 7k.

Calcs are all well and good, but sometimes things go wierd.
    [deleted]
Good for who?
    Nilou, shield bots
        Eh not a Nilou main sorry 😐😔


Oh well... I guess the Hydro one for Ayato and maybe Focalors will do!
            Ayato's current sets aren't worse than this one. There's no reason to farm this basically.
    WHOOOOO!!!!!
she-who-must-not-be-named
    Ahhh
De̵̙̣̠͎̱͊̌͆̈́͜h̴̘̤͚̯̜͖̎̇̂̅͛̊̏͠y̵̜͇̜͆̑́a̸̤̮̼̯̣̻̦̘̦̯̭͊͛́̇̃̌̓͠ͅͅ
whats funny is she would still suck even with that set, 500% if 0 is still 0
Is the extra hp% better than hydro%? I always wonder if I should take off her hydro gob and replace it with an Hp one
    unless youre using nilou for vape teams, you have to go max hp% since nilou in the teams she is meant to be isnt on field doing damage, instead she creates the hydro ring, buffs bloom damage and leaves for dendro characters to proc blooms
Yeah, makes sense but no recent Hydro characters and seemingly the only Hydro in horizon being her got me wondering. Thanks for the input.
Is this not an Ayato set? Don't his Q and E both hit before he starts spamming attacks in his normal rotation?
    This set has almost the same passive as polar star, which Is Childe's BiS. He can easily trigger 4/5 stacks by just playing normally and refresh them to keep max effect from the passive.

In contrast, Ayato can only refresh NA and Burst stacks  when he Is on field, and doesn't benefit as much as Childe.
        Oh, I thought Childe's burst pulled him out of melee mode, but looking it up that doesn't seem to happen? Not sure why I thought it did.
            Childe has 2 Burst modes:

Range Burst deals less damage and applies a riptide mark (also restores 15 energy)

Melee Burst deals more damage and deals a second explosion after removing riptide mark (doesn't restore energy)
    If you think that more operators can use it, then by all means, correct me. I focused on Childe specifically because the set works like Polar Star.
Emblem is DPS focused
Venti, Raiden, and Nahida all do good damage, although Venti usually just builds EM.
Where are you getting that bleed doesn't happen during burst? Especially when she has an ascension passive that mentions if she gathers her skill field with her burst, Dehya will take 60% less damage from redmane blood.
    Oh, my bad, it works, I asked earlier in another conversation, but just tested that she can still bleed if you took damage before.
I'll be farming 2 piece hp% and 2 piece hydro for Yelan since she's C3 and I can get by with lower ER%
Im just gonna use the set that gives me the most damage base on their substats.
I'm using Sacrificial Greatsword on her and she doesn't suffer terribly from low ER. Generally I'm using her as both; E bot and sort-of kinda DPS haha. It's a mess, but really fun. Right now I'm using 2x2pc Witch of Flames and Gladiator; with ATK, Pyro DMG and HP.
    uhm well it's doable, but you really want a lot of er for her before c4 (more than 200). do you have perhaps other character with favonius weapon in the team to help her? and have do you have c1 or no? cause if I understand your setup I think she will benefit more with atk/pyro/crit rate (good for favonius proc) or crit damage
I'm playing for fun, so I don't really care – and it looks fun to me!
    I don't understand
        Don't understand what?
    If you don't care, why are you giving her that set?? Why do you even care about artifacts, give her random that match her colour better.
    I play for fun too, doesn't mean I have low standards.

\*edit, to clarify I ONLY mean that we should expect both a better kit for Dehya and better artifacts since they require so much time and investment.

&#x200B;

I am NOT saying that getting this set for Dehya = bad idea/not fun. Just to be clear. You absolutely can have a fun time with someone who's not meta and I don't mean to imply otherwise, just that you should still hold every character/artifact to a standard set by pretty much everyone else and not accept lessor ones.
    if thats the case, you do you and have fun
They could literally do the first hydro main dps with archon. The hydro supports are so cracked already idk how you would top them so o would lean them to be main dps or heavy CC
[deleted]
    Who said anything about that you weirdo? People were just trying to help you out, literally nobody said what they did in a mean way, at least until you decided to respond like this.

Nobody also said you couldn't play how you wanted, we just pointed out it's worse.

Also using someone improperly is fun? There's nothing improper about using this new set on her...what are you even talking about? They said emblem was better not that this new set would be horrible on her.

Like, maybe in your quest to defend Dehya because critisism of a fictional character offends you, you should learn to read what people actually say? You just made up literally everything you just said.
[deleted]
    Then why'd you farm the new set either?
The 4p bonus is a toned down version of polar star, how do you think it's just "okayish" for Childe?
    [deleted]
        >so Nymph's actually is a lot better than I initially thought.

..... time to collect fragile resins then
        This is why hod sucks on him

  


Doesn't buff elemental skill, no Riptide Slash, no Riptide burst, no elemental burst...
Should be AMAZING for Childe it’s basically built for him. It’s essentially a second copy of polar star and can stack with the actual weapon buffs too.
Wow they need a technical writer. Now that I look at it, that is so vague that it hurts.
Probably is, but I don't mind her ER issues. I mostly play her overworld anyway and only use her burst every now and then.
    If you only play her overworld why would you ever waste time on farming a set for her?
        Cause I like her
I plan on farming for her 😕
Me
Nah Layla 4p ToM is better cus shield strength
I don't pull on weapon banner, so my Nilou won't be close to 75k even with double HP% artifacts.
i’d imagine the 2pc hp 2pc hp will make hitting 75k much easier without her signature weapon.
    Hard to say easier though. You would need a few pieces to max roll hp% on substat. Having the key would be technically easier to reach 75k, just cause you aren't relying too heavily on artifact rolls. But the issue there is either luck or willingness to spend a couple hundred on the weapon banner. T_T
tldr: good choice for those who dont have BiS weapon. those who have it, can forget the artifact to improve nilou
what's team for on field nilou?
    it is the same as the one you use but you don't need xingqiu/yelan and give that slot to a healer and nilou use the sacrificial sword to first activate the aura then the hydro infusion. standard team i use is barbara nilou dendro MC and yaoyao
        Sacrificial Sword definitely isn't needed.  Key is obviously preferred, but Iron Sting helps with Bloom damage.
    Nilour Bloom but Nilou is played as the on field character ?
can confirm as a fellow zhongli brainrot user
    I’m so far gone that I have him triple crowned
        Good day to you fellow Kindred in Triple Crowned Zhongli. May your shield never fail yet another day
        Don't worry, I'm not too far behind with 9/10/10
        He is my only triple crowned character so yeah I can't dodge for shit
    I second this, when I use him, I will literally stand stil and wait for CDs if I have shield unbroken, and with 50k hp that's not hard
Me as Zhongli enjoyer: "Hold E to dodge damage right?"
    I definitely thought it was doing T pose to assert dominance...
        That's because he is
    Mona enjoyers: you right!
What is this "incoming" damage you speak of? Aren't our characters the only ones that do damage? The enemies just do funny little dances before dying...

>!Yeah fuck that, consecrated beasts showed me exactly how strong Zhongli shield is lmao!<
Me who has learned to both dodge and tank:
    Yeahhhh, whenever I'm about to get hit by a boss and I have no stamina left, I switch over to meat-shield Yaoyao and just tank that slap.

YAOYAO, I'M SO SORRY, BUT YOU HAVE 40K+ HP
        That hurt real bad...
            It's fine Yao Yao, here, eat a radish and walk it off.
        That is literally me 💀
        Same but Nilou. I've forgotten to bring a healer to a few fights and just swap to 60k HP Nilou whenever a hit comes.
            the peak of Nilou is just running Kokomi + Yelan + Nilou and having ~140,000 total HP to just absorb hits
                Yas!
        This is me lmao i'm so sorry Yaoyao :(
        this is the way
    Me who dodges into damage with my C6 Zhongli:
I pulled zhongli the week I started playing the game and haven't removed him from my party ever since. I wanted to actually try out a team comp for once and I literally get hit by everything LMAO. It's not even a skill issue, even though I am unskilled. I literally just can't remember that I'm actually supposed to dodge stuff until after it hits me lol
Wait what
    Dashing gives you I-Frames.
        Dam. My Zhongli has carried me through the game lol
            same here, first 5 star so my dodge ability has always been doomed
        Wait dashing gives i-frames? I had no clue that's a thing.
            Yep, in fact you can dash through attacks that should absolutely hit you. Like the Ruin Serpent's rolling attack.
        The Dark Souls player I am was overjoyed with that realisation back when I started. Still utilise it to this day😤
I have C0 Hu Tao. I can't dodge because I don't have any stamina ever.
Don't worry I already didn't know how to dodge long before I even started using Zhongli
I haven't forgotten. Mainly because the Stagger mechanic is infuriating enough to make the lack of Shields frustratingly obvious.
Not really? Your pillar dying doesn’t kill your shield lol
    But no tenacity buff
        Oh I see what you’re getting at! But doesn’t tenacity also take effect even when he’s not on the field? See:

“This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.”

So, usually you pop his shield and go to a different char; hence “more beneficial for the team” and not “more beneficial for main dps Zhongli”

For me, and many players, we don’t even pay attention to his pillar, we use Zhongli for shield and maybe the occasional ult and go to town with our team’s skills.

Not that it doesn’t suck that god of geo’s pillar disappears in the face of a small boss…
            Tenacity works when not on field, but it needs an ability to continually hit enemies, which the pillar cannot do if it gets destroyed
            Yes it triggers off field, but it can only do so if the pillar pulses hit an enemy. Otherwise you get the ATK buff for just 3 seconds and once your pillar it's gone that's it. That's what the other person meant. When half the bosses immediately destroy the pillar, you won't reliably get the buff anyway.
All the same, you really don't need that much HP for Zhongli. I've been using Tenacity for a long time, and the only time I've ever had issues with his shield were due to my own negligence.
No, i'm talking about 2pc hp hp and 4pc tenacity. I'm saying that the tenacity shield strength buff is better than the hp% that you get from 2pc 2pc.

And the atk% buff from tenacity works on him too, so he gets extra attack as well.
    Tenacity doesn't work when equipped on off-field characters. 

E.g. ZL with Tenacity off-field does nothing for shield strength. 

But you could in theory run ZL on HP/HP and 4x Tenacity with the on-field DPS for max shield value.

Edit: I'm way too tired. I was thinking that old set paired with Petra. Assuming I'm not misrembering again, Tenacity is amazing on ZL.
Dunno how you're getting 60k HP with TotM. I have all HP pieces and Black Tassel with good HP and HP% sub rolls and he's still just barely shy of 50k without Hydro resonance.
I play mine with the 4pc geo set only to get that 35% DMG boost on crystalze.
    that only apply to the crystalize element tho its too unreliable to use. 4pc tenacity is the most underated set ever, i barely see alot of poeple use it. the 4pc set provide 20% atk to the team on skill hit, it's basicly the same as nobless but can stack with each other. its pretty good on Fishcl, yaoyao etc.
You insulted all Nilou and Yelan players right here XD
I can get behind that! Was just farming the Tenacity domain for this same reason! Tired of switching my artifacts back and forth.
>!it didn't proc off dendro cores in beta, 4pc is quite literally only for dehya!<
    Man that's some bullshit.
        it's also not good on Dehya, assuming max stacks constantly it's like 1% better than Emblem. so there's like no point in farming for it if you don't need both sets.
            It's actually better the higher constellation you have. C1 adds additional dmg from hp, C2 prolongs her E and C4 allows you to lower Dehya er.

Emblem is equal only on 200+ er and only adds to the Elemental Burst(2/3 of dmg) through it's more constant bonus. It adds absolutly nothing aside from that.
                The stacks are really inconsistent, though. It'll be pretty hard to get the max bonus for the full duration of her burst.
                    Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
                        The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
            What if you use Dehya mostly for her skill? Her burst is atrocious but her skill is probably the best part of her kit. Her burst is just busted bad, even if they improved the damage it would still be terrible, as it's slow and easily avoided and buggy.
                if her skill did much that might be viable. but low uptime, low damage, and even the gold state from her passive only there for 9s.
                Use TotM then. Unless you want skill damage but then I'd have to ask why.
yeah, 2pc 2pc hp% is probably going to be good
I don't have Fish, so I'm going to try Yaoyao for healing, with Collei using Elegy and Candace for Hydro Infusion.
    Sounds interesting, 

Nilou/Yelan/Yaoyao + something... hmmm
        Nahida is the one who truly elevates that comp though. I'd ditch Yelan before Nahida. Her skill removes the importance of having an Anemo CC to stack enemies. So Nahida will remain Nilou's #1 partner until we get another Hydro/Dendro unit who can do that job. Maybe a Fontaine hydro unit who can cast whirlpools or something?
            I don't have Nahida tho, that's the issue.

I am looking for a doable comp with her because I don't know any other.
            Anemo CC breaks the team comp anyways, nilou only works with dendro/hydro
Assuming Kaveh can pop Nilou's big blooms, I'd say Nahida, Kaveh, Nilou and Yelan/Xq/Ayato maybe. Tho no healer here.
    Kaveh has self healing tho.
        On a 0.5s cooldown, i don't think he'd be able to keep up with nilou's bloom damage. Kokomi barely can in serious AoE scenarios.
            He does not take damage from them as well though actually, unless they worded it weirdly in the livestream, they said ‘he does not take damage from them, in fact he heals from them’, paraphrasing obviously.
                There is nothing in his kit protecting him from Bloom self-damage. He does heal for 300% of his EM with a 0.5sec ICD when he takes bloom damage. And frankly a reasonable potential of 6k HP/sec seems rather huge, even without damage reduction from the Blooms.
                    Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
                It didn't go exactly like that. In the livestream they said those two separately which makes it confusing. Basically what I got from it is he doesn't take bloom dmg from the ones he pop. But when he takes dmg from the blooms that pop naturally,  he heals himself a small bit and it has a cd.
                    Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
                        That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
        Oh yeah. But only for bloom damage right? I think I heard so.
    You just make Xingqui sad from the minimal healing his rainswords provide.  He's trying his best!
        But to heal Nilou we'd need around 10 Xingquis. She is too damn beefy. Can use YaoYao instead of Kaveh if Kaveh's bloom popping turns out to be useless.
            Baizhu is literally right there
                Yeah but can't recommend before playing and seeing his stats.
            That sounds like the beginning of a harem anime.
                Reverse Harem
You'll want Baizhu or YaoYao for healing. The 2nd hydro character is preferably Kokomi so keep a look out for her rerun. Barbara can work just fine. Full EM Burst Ayato also works well. Nahida is a preferred dendro teammate cuz of her effortless dendro application and huge 250 EM buff she gives everyone
Try getting to 75k HP with only tenacity of the millileth. Tell me how easy it is.
    it is doable if you have her bis aswell. if not, sure, another %20 hp is beneficial but this set doesn't affect those who have her bis.
        It actually needs a good amount of hp substats, even with weapon, not "that" easy. So the hp set will help.
Yeah maybe but like, it's too early for that,is it not?
    Not really. We're going into 3.6. Inazuma only went to 2.8, so we're looking at like 12 weeks to farm the new set if Sumeru follows the same duration.
    If new set have more usability like how emblem affects any burst focus characters, it have some values. Not to mention, farming good stats take eternity. Never too early.
    Is it? Fontaine is like 3 months away
        But they never released artifact sets for new regional characters this early,did they? Like they release emblem domain after Inazuma came out,same for the Gilded dreams domain when Sumeru came out.
            Can’t really try to call an occurence normal when it has only had 2 chances to happen so far.. they released an Inazuma character before Inazuma released - it’s not that deep
                Atleast it's two samples. Not like they released a sumeru character before Sumeru came out. Two maybe a bare minimum but it's still is something. Besides, people base a lot of things just on these two occurrences in genshin,like the number of patches,archons reruns and release and so on.
Yeah it's definitely to let people start pre-farming for Fontaine characters.
That's what I was thinking, might suggest that the Hydro Archon could be our first Main Dps Archon
[https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Echoes\_of\_an\_Offering](https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Echoes_of_an_Offering) 

This artefact set was made for ayato
    People really forgot about that huh.
    I remember the TCs saying that it wasn't good though.
        Echoes is BIS when your ping is consistently bellow 100. Otherwise Gladiators finale or heart of depth share BIS
The artifact set is almost an exact copy and paste of polar star’s ability
Which hydro are we talking about? Because I was specifically talking about the pre-existing artifacts being tailor made for Childe and Ayato(HoD and Echoes respectively),and not the new artifact set being tailor made.
    They just missed the word set. It’s a general hydro set. Not tailor-made for anybody.

And Echoes would be Ayato’s if it weren’t terrible.
    Echoes is terrible if you have high ping. It's just a badly designed artifact.

HoD is good but the 4pc effect only buffs Normal and Charged attack. Childe has more damage sources than that.

The new set is stronger for Childe since it buffs every aspect of his kit.
    I edited the comment, I was talking about the HoD set
I mean, at least blizzard is the best set Ayaka can use, in Childe's case, more often than not, a 2/2 set would do more damage, especially in multiple enemies scenarios
Yeah but it was still probably made for him and Mona before Hoyo had an idea on what they should be doing for artifacts. After all, they were the only characters who would consider doing left-clicks as Hydro vision users.
I think you forgot the /s or /j,you can't be serious.
    Childe would more often than not, especially on high investment, have better damage and faster clears on 2/2 set options instead of an actual 4pc set (HoD).

  


I strongly believe that when characters are in that situation, they should get an usable 4 piece that outperforms the 2/2 option. Without the need for the set to be completely niche for said character.

  


Not to be confused with giving each character their own artifact set, that would remove any creativity from building and choosing what set to use
Still,he doesn't have any tailored artifact for him just like how Kokomi had one. It's either healing or support with him(HP or ToTM),unlike Kokomi.
Exactly this. Why the fuck would hoyo want to buff the already broken childe and Ayato? Specially at a time such as this when they're not even getting a rerun? Xiao got a dedicated set because he didn't have one,but the above mentioned characters already have theirs. This is 100% made for a new character. People can be really quick to jump to conclusions,and this specially applies to genshin fandom.
    Because Childe never had a set made for him, he's using 4pc of a generalist hydro on-field character set (HoD) or 2/2, this one is Polar Star but in the form of an artifact and buffs everything he has, including burst and riptides, while HoD buffed attacks.
        You say that HoD was a generalist hydro artifact but do be honest, which other character made use of HoD besides Childe until Ayato? Pretty sure there was no character who did. So the fact that HoD was released after Childe and nobody else used it tells a lot about whether it was made for him or not. Sure it didn't buff every part of his kit but it was still made for him nonetheless,albeit a bit general.
            Well, same can be said about Blizzard or Witch, those sets are there for elemental carries until they get their own down the road. Childe also didn't have Polar Star on release, it was created later and now they've made Polar Star artifact.
Not exactly. That's just one stack right? You'll also need to hit things with your skill, burst and/or CA.

On Childe it's ez, cuz pressing E is one stack and then you can NA and CA for two more.

On Ayato it's gonna be harder, because your E needs to actually explode for one stack, and you can't get CA stacks during E so you'll have to CA before E. Or rely on burst.
Oopsie sorry bout that homes
the wording is similar but polar star buffs last 12s. this is dramatically lower

and if he doesn't get buffs on his burst then we know the frontload dmg will be worse than existing artifacts. which won't be a buff
    He can keep 3 stacks throughout his entire skill duration, riptide is considered skill damage.

For burst nuke, 2pc Atk and 2pc Hydro might still be better, but this still an upgrade over HOD.

edit: 2pc noblesse is better than Atk in Burst nukes
    It's still basically the same style of buff as Polar Star though.
I'm in an unfortunate fortunate situation where my heart of depth artifacts aren't that great so I have no reason not to farm for it. It looks like it will be better though due to the pretty significant atk buff that goes with the hydro damage buff.
    Also the trend seems like the newer domains are easier/more fun to play through than the older ones.
        Older domains are made to counter what ever you build . 


Vv set ? Physical bonus 

Hod/blizzard ? Enemies with cryo shields 

Witch ?  All pyro enemies with pyro device buff .
            Mondstadt talent books? Forfeit your freedom.
                I hate that domain with a passion. Cryo enemies, stamina debuff, and icicles constantly raining down on you. It takes twice as long to complete as any other domain not because it's hard, but because it's annoying. Who thought that was a good idea to make, especially as the first talent domain new players will enter?
                Got my time down to 47 seconds in that domain when I C6'd my Bennett, down from best 55. That's pretty significant I think!
            Yeah I guess that makes sense. I only farm for my strongest characters so I guess it seems harder
    You should be strong boxing?
I mean at least the rng will be better, my luck with that stupid domain is nil.
    Yeah I feel like most of not all old domains are cursed.
The other artifact set is potentially worth it for the 2 piece alone.

Nilou go brrr....
it will never bcs i always do strongbox, i never get over 500 artifacts
    well when you have good copies you might need in the future, it’s worth it not to eat them
        Well the thing is is that 99.9% of the max inventory hoarders aren't full because they have 1000 good +20s they're saving for possible future characters. They have a bunch of say, 4 line double crit +0s on some set like Clam. Or worse, they're hoarding 3 line +0s which are even more unlikely to be good. They're just too cheap/lazy to gamble and see if the pieces are actually good.

And it's not people that have multiple sets for characters either because there are ~40 characters in the game and you could have 3 full never-shared sets for every single character and you would still only be around ~600 artifacts. So imo, everyone that has the max 1500 are lazy. If the cap was 5000, they would still be at the cap.


FWIW, I say this as someone with ~300 +20s (and like 100 +16s). I'm never above like ~800/1500 inventory since I'm always gambling artifacts upgrades so I always have under 500K mora which only gets that high because of events. Out of all my +20s, 90% of them are "good enough" and my standards are relatively low compared to most players. I'd be really, really impressed if someone had 1000 +20s because that's a massive, massive mora and artifact exp sink, never mind 1000 that are all actually good by the average player's standards.
            Look at this guy calling everyone lazy who doesn't have the same artifact standards and isn't micromanaging like them.
                Also this guy straightly destroying possible 35%CD artifacts having 0 guarantee that his "4lines" one will not roll in full flat atk XD And from what I saw — most people with that ~35%CD has it on absolutely random pieces which sometimes have even only 2 good stats.

"Gl" for him to loosing 2/3 in raw experience and possible chance of good roll in future. I was sacrificing EM arts on the start of the game(because I haven't had single anemo) and when Sumeru came I hardly got 1 "non-set". Now I'm keeping even great def% and phys ones despite I hate def and phys builds just because I don't know what future characters, that I may like, may need.
                It's a F2P RPG with inventory space and micromanaging is just kind of part of those. Usually, the less you spend, the more you have to micromanage. I'm just content enough that Genshin isn't like some other F2Ps or gacha games where you'd have to pay for inventory space. I quit POE years ago because the inventory as f2p as completely ass after you hit mapping. In a different timeline, Genshin would have 3 expeditions with 2 paid slots, not-unlimited character slots, like 300 artifacts slots and up to 3000 if you paid and other shit like that.
            Anyone who actually plays efficiently has 1500 after playing for a year.

Why? Because they understand how to roll +4 artifacts to see if its good or not. And hold onto some stuff while dumping the rest. 

Basically they float 1200-1500 and when lazy, its hitting 1500.

> +20s

You clearly dont get what people are doing. It's not about +20s, its about holding onto double crit and other good artifacts that can roll well when you need it for a character.
        eh no, you see... in like 5 artifact runs i get maybe 1 or 2 things that have potential
            [deleted]
                just sift through them as you get them and lock and unlock them when you recieve them. makes it easy
                    [deleted]
                        yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
            you’re doing yourself dirty, what looks like it doesn’t have potential now, may hav potential in the future. always good to keep anything that has 4 or more substats from the get go, especially if it has percentages, even if the main stat seems “bad” now, there can always be a a character released in the future that scales on it later. it’s a long term game, not just a what’s good right now game
                playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later" game only leads to excessive hoarding of garbage

future characters will likely use different sets

if it was like a 4 liner shime piece but with the wrong mainstat, yeah that would be worth keeping but what's the point of locking shit thats crit def hp em on a set like clam?

on top of that, if you're farming artifacts for a character and they set a set that's in the strongbox, it's better to just throw artis into the strongbox cuz your priority is getting sucrose em artifacts and not saving vv pieces for a future xiao-like char
                    > playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
                    I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
                ah yes flat hp, atk and def surely have potential. i decide whats good for my account okay, and i see no future use for the stuff i get rn


and if something like that will be useful later its most likely gonna come with a new set
                    no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
                That’s just excessive hoarding. By the time a future character comes out that uses the exact set of substats your hoarded artifacts have, you might has well just farm one when you get there. Unless it’s a truly rare piece, I still think you guys are just hoarding for little good reason.

Plus a lot of characters are being released to use new artifact sets.

Other than sets like gladiator and emblem, most of these future characters probably won’t be using your hoarder sets anyway
            wow, that's a lot. I generally consider it to be a nice day in genshin if i get 1 good potential artifact from 5 condensed runs, which is why i pretty much always have around 500 artifacts locked at any time. It's been like this since 2021. Don't know how people can max their inventory without spending $$ on resin refresh. Maybe they should up their standards for what they consider good if approaching inventory limit.
            ***"eH nO,"***
    I'm assuming you haven't been playing since day one? For most artifact sets you should keep decent: ER/EM/ATK/HP sands, CR/CD/HP/ATK/EM circlet, ofc all good goblets, and at least a few flowers and feathers with good lv0 spreads. Since DEF scaling is so rare (and geo focused) you can skip it, but otherwise you never know what substat/artifact combination will be useful for future chars... after years of farming the collection really adds up, I sit on around ~1.1k artifacts that I can't get rid of.
        well said, almost AR60 here and same, i have some that I can’t get rid of myself
        I typically skip keeping HP, ATK, or DEF circlets, since they've always been situational upgrades at best. For the supports that just want to stack one stat, the subs aren't that critical, so you can farm a new one if necessary. 

But I'm in the same boat, somewhere around 900 artifacts, and I kept hitting the cap when I was farming for Yoimiya's Bollide set (since the only way it was an upgrade was with great substats).
After a month? Mine fills up like in a week or two
This right here. I've burned myself too many times getting rid of artifacts that look "bad" but then find out later when the Genshin optimizer recommends it as a good piece for a build but it no longer exists in my inventory. Now I hold on to anything that looks like it might be half decent.
yes bcs they are gonna have a own set in the future anyways, and i dont plan on getting every character
I follow the same mindset and gave yelan some near perfect rolls from my raiden's reject pile too.

my biggest fear is they release a character that has terrible base stats, can't equip a weapon but his abilities have amazing scaling so raw stats benefit him better than %.
    Thanks Satan.
My rule of thumb is absolutely save anything with a double crit sub stats. Inevitably even if it is EM, HP, ER or Def as the main there is a character that can use it.
flat stats (besides em) will never be useful
This exactly. I have somewhere in the ballpark of 100 level 20 5\* artifacts, and another 100 that are anywhere from 12-19. I have plenty of artifacts that allow me to clear abyss. The only time I lock artifacts now is if it has the correct main stat, and all four substats are exactly what I'm looking for.
Lol yep, instead it's a small improvement over emblem, but comes with the condition of stacks needing to build up.
    Its a small improvement over emblem technically but her er issues are so bad to the point where emblem ends up being better
Yeah, I just removed the Shielder from my Eula party, so she'd be getting the hits. I don't even want to think of a 400% Eula burst.
Hmm— is it? To get to 50% dmg bonus with ESF, you need 200% ER. That probably means an ER sands or ER weapon. Neither are desirable.


You could just run an ER sands with this new set, get the 20% HP and 50% dmg bonus without overcommitting on the ER.

If you’re C0, they seem similar, with the new set being slightly better. If you are C1, it’s obviously better and it’s value grows more with more constellations.
    I feel like one of three things is true:

1.	 You responded to the wrong comment, or
2.	 You didn’t realize which character we were talking about, or
3.	 You are seriously advocating for running EoSF for on-field Barbara, a character whose burst deals exactly zero damage.

I’m *guessing* it’s one of the first two.
        Good god EoSF Barbara has me rolling
        LOL- definitely 1. I appreciate the humored reply though.
I'm as much a fan of the clam as the next person, but it'd be nice to shake it up. Besides, that domain fuckin hates me.
    Word.
Honestly I think Vourukasha stands a serious chance of being strictly better than clam provided you're using Kokomi as a driver in a Nilou bloom team (which guarantees you're taking damage often enough to maintain 5 stacks for as long as her burst is up). I have not run the numbers though.
*angry console players* 

5 character teams is cool until you play on console, since switching to 5th char requires hitting L1+triangle or LB+Y by default depending on the console

How cumbersome that is.
"if dehya was good she'd be good"
    Well, I don't think I'm asking for something groundbreaking
        Which is what is frustrating.  As messy as her kit is, they could have easily made her not suck but they choose to do it anyway.
I'm using Sacrificial Greatsword on her and it's fun :)
    I didn't enjoy any of her "roles"(tank and support), so I only use her as ""dps ""
for nilou and shielders, for dehya it does nothing since her hp scaling are insult to jokes for how bad they are
    even for nilou, she can reach the cap hp for her bountiful cores without 2-2 if you have key. it probably is better for people without key.
        yeah, but your average genshin player probably wont have the bis weapon for her so 2-2 is still decent, or in my case i have key and am still not at the 75k hp point with hydro resonance
        If you have Key, you're still getting HP to EM conversion with no limit. So it's not a bad thing either for her to go double 20% HP.
    I read someone else say dendro cores don't activate the 2 piece effect, so the set wouldn't be vialbe for Nilou.
        on nilou you would go 2 piece tenacity and 2 piece this set so you can increase the bloom buff she gives
..and 2 piece bonus is only useful for C1+ Dehya

I was hoping that they will buff this artifact set but I guess they really want Dehya to be this bad.
    I'm more surprised a standard character having its own artifact set that no one else can use the 4 piece bonus
        Keqing was the only competent user of thundering fury for forever. Diluc is basically the only character that uses crimson witch to full efficiency.

Having a character specific artifact set doesn't really mean much for standard characters. We have some artifact sets that are stinkers and others that are niche and some that are super broad.

Other characters *can* stack the bonus from this set, it just isn't quite as easy. You can do it from burning, bloom or burgeon damage.
        i was going to comment diluc, but bennett can also use cwof 4p.
            Hu Tao uses it as well
                not to full efficiency. she uses it for vape/melt dmg bonus and one stack pyro dmg bonus, whereas diluc and bennett can stack the 4p easily.
        very unusual, isn't it.

...I wonder if there could be a reason for that, contradictory to her appearance on standard.

No, I'm sure the fact nobody knew she was standard until the trailer was just a complete coincidence.
            I don't think it's much of a secret that they tossed Dehya into standard rather than try to fix her kit because they didn't want to have an expectation to rerun her at some point and have another poorly selling banner when they could just eat the poor sales for one cycle while building FOMO for the weapon banner.
                I mean, one way of fixing her was to release artifact set tailored for her and then rerun her. Instead, they just tossed her into standard banner so she wont bother them anymore.
                    They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
from the way i think the set will work. it will be shit if you use only her skill, her skill snapshots buffs, so you will have to place her skill first, take dmg and get 5 stacks then place it again with barely any time left to use the buff, but the timing to get it right will be rough since stacks have independent timers, not only that but how useful will 50%-42% damage increase be when your skill hits like a noodle.

now if the way i think the set will work is wrong, it still isnt too great bcs it first needs to stack and youre still hitting like a noodle.

lastly, the teams where you bring dehya as not the damage dealer,  would be ganyu burn, where you want to use tenacity to buff ganyu more and use dehya only for the pyro applier and small utility she gives, or burgeon team where you need to have as much em as possible with gilded or lost paradise set
    I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless. I get there are questionable aspects to her but if you were to make a set like this you would make it work or just change the requirement, like the extra comes from her casting skill which she can do twice.

And she does fit on other teams even they aren't considered meta so reducing the conversation around the set to only Ganyu and burgeon isn't productive when people are using her outside of that. That said Tenacity would still likely the go too since it is a good set and her personal damage is so low 50% more isn't going to be huge particularly at c0.
        her skill does snapshot the burst doesnt, the set buff im not sure. and by making other teams, any team can be played just wont be good, the teams i have in mind are ones that she noticably contributes to the team and even in the teams you think of, the result will be the same, so the artifact is still worthless
            Sorry I misread that you said her skill does snapshot as you were unsure, that is on me. That is the first I heard of that, that would make this set worse if there isn't some thing where it forces it or they change her skill, you would have to wait for her second rotation before benefiting from it. When I saw the details of it even if it ignores snapshotting, it looked like a sidegrade or at least not a set worth farming if you had a Tenacity. But if you happen to get one or don't want to farm Tenacity domain you can use it on her.
        > I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless

Her skill snapshots on cast and on recast. It's not a huge issue because you should have basically full uptime after your first rotation, especially if you have c2 dehya (quite possible with her being standard which likely means she'll be in lost 50/50's too).

You can just hold the recast on skill until you've taken damage from literally any source - I currently like to play dehya in burning subreactions, so nahida hold E -> dehya E starts the ticking and then I can cycle through other characters or dawdle a bit before recast.
right? especially next patch since she will be on standard banner so people can get her at ANY time so they can get c4 dehya TOO!! /s
if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah. not only that, but it requires you to have same stats with the new set which you just wont have, then with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration and if you need constellations to make a set seem better is a horrible and shitty character and set
    > if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah.

No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

So the relevant portion is the buff to skill and burst, vs just the buff to burst. Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%. To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting. So equivalent substats you're doing either 150% of total, or ~33 + (67*1.55~1.65) = 130-142%.

I believe you're trying to make an appeal for weapon substats because of how much energy they can provide, but it doesn't really matter, because you can trade out attack% for ER or you can get crit on weapon or something like that. Or use a higher base damage weapon.

You're also assuming that everyone has pre-farmed an EoSF set, which isn't necessarily the case.

> with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration

Redmane's blood can only be filled while the skill is active, but it keeps ticking even after the skill has ended. It's *really* not hard for dehya to maintain full uptime on all of the stacks, because taking any damage once every 10 seconds will keep the stacks active. Significantly easier at c2 but genuinely not a problem at c0.
        I have no idea where you're getting the numbers you've been citing from.

TL;DR at the bottom and why the difference at C0 in the best case scenario is significantly less than any number you've said

> No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

these substats are not equivalent in value. 4 HP rolls amount to next to nothing in terms of damage for C0 Dehya, a couple extra 1000s of DMG at most, whereas 4 ER rolls translates to 4 extra rolls of useful damage sources (crit, atk, em) on your artifacts, which actually amounts to a damage increase. 

1 crit substat is worth ~2x as much as that 20% HP, so if we assume you exchange 2 ER rolls for 2 crit rolls, 1 atk and 1 EM roll each for 1 ER roll, you get ~3,5-3,75 worth of 20% HP 2pc, for the record.

> Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%.

on what team? at C0, on mono-Pyro, her skill is going to be ~27-28%(~949% ATK + 7.8% HP on her 2 skill uses + 5 field procs) vs (2013% ATK + 34% HP), and it goes further down at C1. 

on Vape Hypercarry, C0, it's closer to like 15-20%, depending on if u get vapes on E casts or not. at C1 it's under 15%. 

> To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting

again, what team?

on Vape Hypercarry, which has dogshit energy generation, using ER calculator, u need 230 on safe RNG to burst on cooldown assuming single target, Fav Kazuha, low HP particles, 1 Bennet E funneled (which u can do while bursting on cooldown) and Dehya catching none of her own particles. this is genuinely worst case scenario and practically results in way less damage than playing her with 150-180 ER (depending on the rest of ur team and artifacts) and funneling more than 1 Bennet E. 1 more funnel (which would include one of Dehya's own particles) gets her down to 184 in the same calc. assuming Dehya players use (and they they SHOULD use) that much ER is completely non practical.

on mono-Pyro these ER reqs are way off, she needs like 150-170 to be safe if u play rotations well.

now, for the actual math: using all of the above, let's assume C0 Dehya is using her new set on mono Pyro, at the minimum required ER of 150% and is maintaining perfect uptime. the new set will give her a net gain of about 20-21% more damage total, whereas Emblem will give her about 13%. let's assume it's 21% on new set and 12% on emblem. the new set would be 121/112 ~= 1,08 -> about 8% stronger. 

this 8% is the BEST CASE scenario for the new set, and doesn't take into account the % made up for with the artifact rolls I mentioned earlier. if we used higher ER reqs and Vape Carry, this gap is closed very quickly.
        i used fav and inazuma weapon because of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6UTuQbKvIk&t=155s) video at 2:40, since that seems to be closest increase you claim. sure, me assuming everyone has pre farmed eosf is a stretch. the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce, most of the time you wont utilize the full buff and we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt. i assume it doesnt so you will have to do weird rotations to snapshot the full buff on her skill, on her burst it wont be too much of a problem if you arent against enemies that get staggered by her punches and redmane ticks help. and im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2
            >  the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce ...  im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2

Do you not know how redmanes blood works?

When any active character takes damage while in the aoe of dehya's skill, up to 50% of that damage goes into redmanes blood, which is portioned out over the next 10 seconds. This is "reset" every time a new instance of damage occurs. This damage continues to tick even if the skill ends. This applies even to damage from things like torches/campfires, burning, or dendro cores. Every instance of this damage over time will add or refresh one stack from the artifact set.

Dehya's skill at c0 has a 12s (closer to 13s because of animations) uptime with an 18s cooldown. If you take damage at 8 seconds into skills duration, you will still have stacks when you recast skill. It is trivially easy to maintain 100% uptime on all stacks of the new set.

> we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt

That isn't a function of the artifact set, it's a function of dehya's kit. Dehya's skill snapshots on cast or on recast. Dehya's burst does not snapshot. It's not particularly hard to recast skill to capture the buff and burst should always have it.
                ight
                    I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
                        dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
[deleted]
Nilou, shield bots
    Eh not a Nilou main sorry 😐😔


Oh well... I guess the Hydro one for Ayato and maybe Focalors will do!
        Ayato's current sets aren't worse than this one. There's no reason to farm this basically.
WHOOOOO!!!!!
Ahhh
unless youre using nilou for vape teams, you have to go max hp% since nilou in the teams she is meant to be isnt on field doing damage, instead she creates the hydro ring, buffs bloom damage and leaves for dendro characters to proc blooms
This set has almost the same passive as polar star, which Is Childe's BiS. He can easily trigger 4/5 stacks by just playing normally and refresh them to keep max effect from the passive.

In contrast, Ayato can only refresh NA and Burst stacks  when he Is on field, and doesn't benefit as much as Childe.
    Oh, I thought Childe's burst pulled him out of melee mode, but looking it up that doesn't seem to happen? Not sure why I thought it did.
        Childe has 2 Burst modes:

Range Burst deals less damage and applies a riptide mark (also restores 15 energy)

Melee Burst deals more damage and deals a second explosion after removing riptide mark (doesn't restore energy)
If you think that more operators can use it, then by all means, correct me. I focused on Childe specifically because the set works like Polar Star.
Oh, my bad, it works, I asked earlier in another conversation, but just tested that she can still bleed if you took damage before.
uhm well it's doable, but you really want a lot of er for her before c4 (more than 200). do you have perhaps other character with favonius weapon in the team to help her? and have do you have c1 or no? cause if I understand your setup I think she will benefit more with atk/pyro/crit rate (good for favonius proc) or crit damage
I don't understand
    Don't understand what?
If you don't care, why are you giving her that set?? Why do you even care about artifacts, give her random that match her colour better.
I play for fun too, doesn't mean I have low standards.

\*edit, to clarify I ONLY mean that we should expect both a better kit for Dehya and better artifacts since they require so much time and investment.

&#x200B;

I am NOT saying that getting this set for Dehya = bad idea/not fun. Just to be clear. You absolutely can have a fun time with someone who's not meta and I don't mean to imply otherwise, just that you should still hold every character/artifact to a standard set by pretty much everyone else and not accept lessor ones.
if thats the case, you do you and have fun
Who said anything about that you weirdo? People were just trying to help you out, literally nobody said what they did in a mean way, at least until you decided to respond like this.

Nobody also said you couldn't play how you wanted, we just pointed out it's worse.

Also using someone improperly is fun? There's nothing improper about using this new set on her...what are you even talking about? They said emblem was better not that this new set would be horrible on her.

Like, maybe in your quest to defend Dehya because critisism of a fictional character offends you, you should learn to read what people actually say? You just made up literally everything you just said.
Then why'd you farm the new set either?
[deleted]
    >so Nymph's actually is a lot better than I initially thought.

..... time to collect fragile resins then
    This is why hod sucks on him

  


Doesn't buff elemental skill, no Riptide Slash, no Riptide burst, no elemental burst...
If you only play her overworld why would you ever waste time on farming a set for her?
    Cause I like her
Hard to say easier though. You would need a few pieces to max roll hp% on substat. Having the key would be technically easier to reach 75k, just cause you aren't relying too heavily on artifact rolls. But the issue there is either luck or willingness to spend a couple hundred on the weapon banner. T_T
it is the same as the one you use but you don't need xingqiu/yelan and give that slot to a healer and nilou use the sacrificial sword to first activate the aura then the hydro infusion. standard team i use is barbara nilou dendro MC and yaoyao
    Sacrificial Sword definitely isn't needed.  Key is obviously preferred, but Iron Sting helps with Bloom damage.
Nilour Bloom but Nilou is played as the on field character ?
I’m so far gone that I have him triple crowned
    Good day to you fellow Kindred in Triple Crowned Zhongli. May your shield never fail yet another day
    Don't worry, I'm not too far behind with 9/10/10
    He is my only triple crowned character so yeah I can't dodge for shit
I second this, when I use him, I will literally stand stil and wait for CDs if I have shield unbroken, and with 50k hp that's not hard
I definitely thought it was doing T pose to assert dominance...
    That's because he is
Mona enjoyers: you right!
Yeahhhh, whenever I'm about to get hit by a boss and I have no stamina left, I switch over to meat-shield Yaoyao and just tank that slap.

YAOYAO, I'M SO SORRY, BUT YOU HAVE 40K+ HP
    That hurt real bad...
        It's fine Yao Yao, here, eat a radish and walk it off.
    That is literally me 💀
    Same but Nilou. I've forgotten to bring a healer to a few fights and just swap to 60k HP Nilou whenever a hit comes.
        the peak of Nilou is just running Kokomi + Yelan + Nilou and having ~140,000 total HP to just absorb hits
            Yas!
    This is me lmao i'm so sorry Yaoyao :(
    this is the way
Me who dodges into damage with my C6 Zhongli:
Dashing gives you I-Frames.
    Dam. My Zhongli has carried me through the game lol
        same here, first 5 star so my dodge ability has always been doomed
    Wait dashing gives i-frames? I had no clue that's a thing.
        Yep, in fact you can dash through attacks that should absolutely hit you. Like the Ruin Serpent's rolling attack.
    The Dark Souls player I am was overjoyed with that realisation back when I started. Still utilise it to this day😤
But no tenacity buff
    Oh I see what you’re getting at! But doesn’t tenacity also take effect even when he’s not on the field? See:

“This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.”

So, usually you pop his shield and go to a different char; hence “more beneficial for the team” and not “more beneficial for main dps Zhongli”

For me, and many players, we don’t even pay attention to his pillar, we use Zhongli for shield and maybe the occasional ult and go to town with our team’s skills.

Not that it doesn’t suck that god of geo’s pillar disappears in the face of a small boss…
        Tenacity works when not on field, but it needs an ability to continually hit enemies, which the pillar cannot do if it gets destroyed
        Yes it triggers off field, but it can only do so if the pillar pulses hit an enemy. Otherwise you get the ATK buff for just 3 seconds and once your pillar it's gone that's it. That's what the other person meant. When half the bosses immediately destroy the pillar, you won't reliably get the buff anyway.
Tenacity doesn't work when equipped on off-field characters. 

E.g. ZL with Tenacity off-field does nothing for shield strength. 

But you could in theory run ZL on HP/HP and 4x Tenacity with the on-field DPS for max shield value.

Edit: I'm way too tired. I was thinking that old set paired with Petra. Assuming I'm not misrembering again, Tenacity is amazing on ZL.
that only apply to the crystalize element tho its too unreliable to use. 4pc tenacity is the most underated set ever, i barely see alot of poeple use it. the 4pc set provide 20% atk to the team on skill hit, it's basicly the same as nobless but can stack with each other. its pretty good on Fishcl, yaoyao etc.
Man that's some bullshit.
    it's also not good on Dehya, assuming max stacks constantly it's like 1% better than Emblem. so there's like no point in farming for it if you don't need both sets.
        It's actually better the higher constellation you have. C1 adds additional dmg from hp, C2 prolongs her E and C4 allows you to lower Dehya er.

Emblem is equal only on 200+ er and only adds to the Elemental Burst(2/3 of dmg) through it's more constant bonus. It adds absolutly nothing aside from that.
            The stacks are really inconsistent, though. It'll be pretty hard to get the max bonus for the full duration of her burst.
                Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
                    The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
        What if you use Dehya mostly for her skill? Her burst is atrocious but her skill is probably the best part of her kit. Her burst is just busted bad, even if they improved the damage it would still be terrible, as it's slow and easily avoided and buggy.
            if her skill did much that might be viable. but low uptime, low damage, and even the gold state from her passive only there for 9s.
            Use TotM then. Unless you want skill damage but then I'd have to ask why.
Sounds interesting, 

Nilou/Yelan/Yaoyao + something... hmmm
    Nahida is the one who truly elevates that comp though. I'd ditch Yelan before Nahida. Her skill removes the importance of having an Anemo CC to stack enemies. So Nahida will remain Nilou's #1 partner until we get another Hydro/Dendro unit who can do that job. Maybe a Fontaine hydro unit who can cast whirlpools or something?
        I don't have Nahida tho, that's the issue.

I am looking for a doable comp with her because I don't know any other.
        Anemo CC breaks the team comp anyways, nilou only works with dendro/hydro
Kaveh has self healing tho.
    On a 0.5s cooldown, i don't think he'd be able to keep up with nilou's bloom damage. Kokomi barely can in serious AoE scenarios.
        He does not take damage from them as well though actually, unless they worded it weirdly in the livestream, they said ‘he does not take damage from them, in fact he heals from them’, paraphrasing obviously.
            There is nothing in his kit protecting him from Bloom self-damage. He does heal for 300% of his EM with a 0.5sec ICD when he takes bloom damage. And frankly a reasonable potential of 6k HP/sec seems rather huge, even without damage reduction from the Blooms.
                Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
            It didn't go exactly like that. In the livestream they said those two separately which makes it confusing. Basically what I got from it is he doesn't take bloom dmg from the ones he pop. But when he takes dmg from the blooms that pop naturally,  he heals himself a small bit and it has a cd.
                Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
                    That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
    Oh yeah. But only for bloom damage right? I think I heard so.
You just make Xingqui sad from the minimal healing his rainswords provide.  He's trying his best!
    But to heal Nilou we'd need around 10 Xingquis. She is too damn beefy. Can use YaoYao instead of Kaveh if Kaveh's bloom popping turns out to be useless.
        Baizhu is literally right there
            Yeah but can't recommend before playing and seeing his stats.
        That sounds like the beginning of a harem anime.
            Reverse Harem
it is doable if you have her bis aswell. if not, sure, another %20 hp is beneficial but this set doesn't affect those who have her bis.
    It actually needs a good amount of hp substats, even with weapon, not "that" easy. So the hp set will help.
Not really. We're going into 3.6. Inazuma only went to 2.8, so we're looking at like 12 weeks to farm the new set if Sumeru follows the same duration.
If new set have more usability like how emblem affects any burst focus characters, it have some values. Not to mention, farming good stats take eternity. Never too early.
Is it? Fontaine is like 3 months away
    But they never released artifact sets for new regional characters this early,did they? Like they release emblem domain after Inazuma came out,same for the Gilded dreams domain when Sumeru came out.
        Can’t really try to call an occurence normal when it has only had 2 chances to happen so far.. they released an Inazuma character before Inazuma released - it’s not that deep
            Atleast it's two samples. Not like they released a sumeru character before Sumeru came out. Two maybe a bare minimum but it's still is something. Besides, people base a lot of things just on these two occurrences in genshin,like the number of patches,archons reruns and release and so on.
People really forgot about that huh.
I remember the TCs saying that it wasn't good though.
    Echoes is BIS when your ping is consistently bellow 100. Otherwise Gladiators finale or heart of depth share BIS
They just missed the word set. It’s a general hydro set. Not tailor-made for anybody.

And Echoes would be Ayato’s if it weren’t terrible.
Echoes is terrible if you have high ping. It's just a badly designed artifact.

HoD is good but the 4pc effect only buffs Normal and Charged attack. Childe has more damage sources than that.

The new set is stronger for Childe since it buffs every aspect of his kit.
I edited the comment, I was talking about the HoD set
Childe would more often than not, especially on high investment, have better damage and faster clears on 2/2 set options instead of an actual 4pc set (HoD).

  


I strongly believe that when characters are in that situation, they should get an usable 4 piece that outperforms the 2/2 option. Without the need for the set to be completely niche for said character.

  


Not to be confused with giving each character their own artifact set, that would remove any creativity from building and choosing what set to use
Because Childe never had a set made for him, he's using 4pc of a generalist hydro on-field character set (HoD) or 2/2, this one is Polar Star but in the form of an artifact and buffs everything he has, including burst and riptides, while HoD buffed attacks.
    You say that HoD was a generalist hydro artifact but do be honest, which other character made use of HoD besides Childe until Ayato? Pretty sure there was no character who did. So the fact that HoD was released after Childe and nobody else used it tells a lot about whether it was made for him or not. Sure it didn't buff every part of his kit but it was still made for him nonetheless,albeit a bit general.
        Well, same can be said about Blizzard or Witch, those sets are there for elemental carries until they get their own down the road. Childe also didn't have Polar Star on release, it was created later and now they've made Polar Star artifact.
He can keep 3 stacks throughout his entire skill duration, riptide is considered skill damage.

For burst nuke, 2pc Atk and 2pc Hydro might still be better, but this still an upgrade over HOD.

edit: 2pc noblesse is better than Atk in Burst nukes
It's still basically the same style of buff as Polar Star though.
Also the trend seems like the newer domains are easier/more fun to play through than the older ones.
    Older domains are made to counter what ever you build . 


Vv set ? Physical bonus 

Hod/blizzard ? Enemies with cryo shields 

Witch ?  All pyro enemies with pyro device buff .
        Mondstadt talent books? Forfeit your freedom.
            I hate that domain with a passion. Cryo enemies, stamina debuff, and icicles constantly raining down on you. It takes twice as long to complete as any other domain not because it's hard, but because it's annoying. Who thought that was a good idea to make, especially as the first talent domain new players will enter?
            Got my time down to 47 seconds in that domain when I C6'd my Bennett, down from best 55. That's pretty significant I think!
        Yeah I guess that makes sense. I only farm for my strongest characters so I guess it seems harder
You should be strong boxing?
Yeah I feel like most of not all old domains are cursed.
well when you have good copies you might need in the future, it’s worth it not to eat them
    Well the thing is is that 99.9% of the max inventory hoarders aren't full because they have 1000 good +20s they're saving for possible future characters. They have a bunch of say, 4 line double crit +0s on some set like Clam. Or worse, they're hoarding 3 line +0s which are even more unlikely to be good. They're just too cheap/lazy to gamble and see if the pieces are actually good.

And it's not people that have multiple sets for characters either because there are ~40 characters in the game and you could have 3 full never-shared sets for every single character and you would still only be around ~600 artifacts. So imo, everyone that has the max 1500 are lazy. If the cap was 5000, they would still be at the cap.


FWIW, I say this as someone with ~300 +20s (and like 100 +16s). I'm never above like ~800/1500 inventory since I'm always gambling artifacts upgrades so I always have under 500K mora which only gets that high because of events. Out of all my +20s, 90% of them are "good enough" and my standards are relatively low compared to most players. I'd be really, really impressed if someone had 1000 +20s because that's a massive, massive mora and artifact exp sink, never mind 1000 that are all actually good by the average player's standards.
        Look at this guy calling everyone lazy who doesn't have the same artifact standards and isn't micromanaging like them.
            Also this guy straightly destroying possible 35%CD artifacts having 0 guarantee that his "4lines" one will not roll in full flat atk XD And from what I saw — most people with that ~35%CD has it on absolutely random pieces which sometimes have even only 2 good stats.

"Gl" for him to loosing 2/3 in raw experience and possible chance of good roll in future. I was sacrificing EM arts on the start of the game(because I haven't had single anemo) and when Sumeru came I hardly got 1 "non-set". Now I'm keeping even great def% and phys ones despite I hate def and phys builds just because I don't know what future characters, that I may like, may need.
            It's a F2P RPG with inventory space and micromanaging is just kind of part of those. Usually, the less you spend, the more you have to micromanage. I'm just content enough that Genshin isn't like some other F2Ps or gacha games where you'd have to pay for inventory space. I quit POE years ago because the inventory as f2p as completely ass after you hit mapping. In a different timeline, Genshin would have 3 expeditions with 2 paid slots, not-unlimited character slots, like 300 artifacts slots and up to 3000 if you paid and other shit like that.
        Anyone who actually plays efficiently has 1500 after playing for a year.

Why? Because they understand how to roll +4 artifacts to see if its good or not. And hold onto some stuff while dumping the rest. 

Basically they float 1200-1500 and when lazy, its hitting 1500.

> +20s

You clearly dont get what people are doing. It's not about +20s, its about holding onto double crit and other good artifacts that can roll well when you need it for a character.
    eh no, you see... in like 5 artifact runs i get maybe 1 or 2 things that have potential
        [deleted]
            just sift through them as you get them and lock and unlock them when you recieve them. makes it easy
                [deleted]
                    yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
        you’re doing yourself dirty, what looks like it doesn’t have potential now, may hav potential in the future. always good to keep anything that has 4 or more substats from the get go, especially if it has percentages, even if the main stat seems “bad” now, there can always be a a character released in the future that scales on it later. it’s a long term game, not just a what’s good right now game
            playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later" game only leads to excessive hoarding of garbage

future characters will likely use different sets

if it was like a 4 liner shime piece but with the wrong mainstat, yeah that would be worth keeping but what's the point of locking shit thats crit def hp em on a set like clam?

on top of that, if you're farming artifacts for a character and they set a set that's in the strongbox, it's better to just throw artis into the strongbox cuz your priority is getting sucrose em artifacts and not saving vv pieces for a future xiao-like char
                > playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
                I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
            ah yes flat hp, atk and def surely have potential. i decide whats good for my account okay, and i see no future use for the stuff i get rn


and if something like that will be useful later its most likely gonna come with a new set
                no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
            That’s just excessive hoarding. By the time a future character comes out that uses the exact set of substats your hoarded artifacts have, you might has well just farm one when you get there. Unless it’s a truly rare piece, I still think you guys are just hoarding for little good reason.

Plus a lot of characters are being released to use new artifact sets.

Other than sets like gladiator and emblem, most of these future characters probably won’t be using your hoarder sets anyway
        wow, that's a lot. I generally consider it to be a nice day in genshin if i get 1 good potential artifact from 5 condensed runs, which is why i pretty much always have around 500 artifacts locked at any time. It's been like this since 2021. Don't know how people can max their inventory without spending $$ on resin refresh. Maybe they should up their standards for what they consider good if approaching inventory limit.
        ***"eH nO,"***
I'm assuming you haven't been playing since day one? For most artifact sets you should keep decent: ER/EM/ATK/HP sands, CR/CD/HP/ATK/EM circlet, ofc all good goblets, and at least a few flowers and feathers with good lv0 spreads. Since DEF scaling is so rare (and geo focused) you can skip it, but otherwise you never know what substat/artifact combination will be useful for future chars... after years of farming the collection really adds up, I sit on around ~1.1k artifacts that I can't get rid of.
    well said, almost AR60 here and same, i have some that I can’t get rid of myself
    I typically skip keeping HP, ATK, or DEF circlets, since they've always been situational upgrades at best. For the supports that just want to stack one stat, the subs aren't that critical, so you can farm a new one if necessary. 

But I'm in the same boat, somewhere around 900 artifacts, and I kept hitting the cap when I was farming for Yoimiya's Bollide set (since the only way it was an upgrade was with great substats).
Thanks Satan.
Its a small improvement over emblem technically but her er issues are so bad to the point where emblem ends up being better
I feel like one of three things is true:

1.	 You responded to the wrong comment, or
2.	 You didn’t realize which character we were talking about, or
3.	 You are seriously advocating for running EoSF for on-field Barbara, a character whose burst deals exactly zero damage.

I’m *guessing* it’s one of the first two.
    Good god EoSF Barbara has me rolling
    LOL- definitely 1. I appreciate the humored reply though.
Word.
Well, I don't think I'm asking for something groundbreaking
    Which is what is frustrating.  As messy as her kit is, they could have easily made her not suck but they choose to do it anyway.
I didn't enjoy any of her "roles"(tank and support), so I only use her as ""dps ""
even for nilou, she can reach the cap hp for her bountiful cores without 2-2 if you have key. it probably is better for people without key.
    yeah, but your average genshin player probably wont have the bis weapon for her so 2-2 is still decent, or in my case i have key and am still not at the 75k hp point with hydro resonance
    If you have Key, you're still getting HP to EM conversion with no limit. So it's not a bad thing either for her to go double 20% HP.
I read someone else say dendro cores don't activate the 2 piece effect, so the set wouldn't be vialbe for Nilou.
    on nilou you would go 2 piece tenacity and 2 piece this set so you can increase the bloom buff she gives
I'm more surprised a standard character having its own artifact set that no one else can use the 4 piece bonus
    Keqing was the only competent user of thundering fury for forever. Diluc is basically the only character that uses crimson witch to full efficiency.

Having a character specific artifact set doesn't really mean much for standard characters. We have some artifact sets that are stinkers and others that are niche and some that are super broad.

Other characters *can* stack the bonus from this set, it just isn't quite as easy. You can do it from burning, bloom or burgeon damage.
    i was going to comment diluc, but bennett can also use cwof 4p.
        Hu Tao uses it as well
            not to full efficiency. she uses it for vape/melt dmg bonus and one stack pyro dmg bonus, whereas diluc and bennett can stack the 4p easily.
    very unusual, isn't it.

...I wonder if there could be a reason for that, contradictory to her appearance on standard.

No, I'm sure the fact nobody knew she was standard until the trailer was just a complete coincidence.
        I don't think it's much of a secret that they tossed Dehya into standard rather than try to fix her kit because they didn't want to have an expectation to rerun her at some point and have another poorly selling banner when they could just eat the poor sales for one cycle while building FOMO for the weapon banner.
            I mean, one way of fixing her was to release artifact set tailored for her and then rerun her. Instead, they just tossed her into standard banner so she wont bother them anymore.
                They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless. I get there are questionable aspects to her but if you were to make a set like this you would make it work or just change the requirement, like the extra comes from her casting skill which she can do twice.

And she does fit on other teams even they aren't considered meta so reducing the conversation around the set to only Ganyu and burgeon isn't productive when people are using her outside of that. That said Tenacity would still likely the go too since it is a good set and her personal damage is so low 50% more isn't going to be huge particularly at c0.
    her skill does snapshot the burst doesnt, the set buff im not sure. and by making other teams, any team can be played just wont be good, the teams i have in mind are ones that she noticably contributes to the team and even in the teams you think of, the result will be the same, so the artifact is still worthless
        Sorry I misread that you said her skill does snapshot as you were unsure, that is on me. That is the first I heard of that, that would make this set worse if there isn't some thing where it forces it or they change her skill, you would have to wait for her second rotation before benefiting from it. When I saw the details of it even if it ignores snapshotting, it looked like a sidegrade or at least not a set worth farming if you had a Tenacity. But if you happen to get one or don't want to farm Tenacity domain you can use it on her.
    > I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless

Her skill snapshots on cast and on recast. It's not a huge issue because you should have basically full uptime after your first rotation, especially if you have c2 dehya (quite possible with her being standard which likely means she'll be in lost 50/50's too).

You can just hold the recast on skill until you've taken damage from literally any source - I currently like to play dehya in burning subreactions, so nahida hold E -> dehya E starts the ticking and then I can cycle through other characters or dawdle a bit before recast.
> if youre comparing it to favonious or inazuma claymore yeah.

No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

So the relevant portion is the buff to skill and burst, vs just the buff to burst. Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%. To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting. So equivalent substats you're doing either 150% of total, or ~33 + (67*1.55~1.65) = 130-142%.

I believe you're trying to make an appeal for weapon substats because of how much energy they can provide, but it doesn't really matter, because you can trade out attack% for ER or you can get crit on weapon or something like that. Or use a higher base damage weapon.

You're also assuming that everyone has pre-farmed an EoSF set, which isn't necessarily the case.

> with the sets short stack durations youre only getting more damage after half of the skills duration

Redmane's blood can only be filled while the skill is active, but it keeps ticking even after the skill has ended. It's *really* not hard for dehya to maintain full uptime on all of the stacks, because taking any damage once every 10 seconds will keep the stacks active. Significantly easier at c2 but genuinely not a problem at c0.
    I have no idea where you're getting the numbers you've been citing from.

TL;DR at the bottom and why the difference at C0 in the best case scenario is significantly less than any number you've said

> No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

these substats are not equivalent in value. 4 HP rolls amount to next to nothing in terms of damage for C0 Dehya, a couple extra 1000s of DMG at most, whereas 4 ER rolls translates to 4 extra rolls of useful damage sources (crit, atk, em) on your artifacts, which actually amounts to a damage increase. 

1 crit substat is worth ~2x as much as that 20% HP, so if we assume you exchange 2 ER rolls for 2 crit rolls, 1 atk and 1 EM roll each for 1 ER roll, you get ~3,5-3,75 worth of 20% HP 2pc, for the record.

> Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%.

on what team? at C0, on mono-Pyro, her skill is going to be ~27-28%(~949% ATK + 7.8% HP on her 2 skill uses + 5 field procs) vs (2013% ATK + 34% HP), and it goes further down at C1. 

on Vape Hypercarry, C0, it's closer to like 15-20%, depending on if u get vapes on E casts or not. at C1 it's under 15%. 

> To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting

again, what team?

on Vape Hypercarry, which has dogshit energy generation, using ER calculator, u need 230 on safe RNG to burst on cooldown assuming single target, Fav Kazuha, low HP particles, 1 Bennet E funneled (which u can do while bursting on cooldown) and Dehya catching none of her own particles. this is genuinely worst case scenario and practically results in way less damage than playing her with 150-180 ER (depending on the rest of ur team and artifacts) and funneling more than 1 Bennet E. 1 more funnel (which would include one of Dehya's own particles) gets her down to 184 in the same calc. assuming Dehya players use (and they they SHOULD use) that much ER is completely non practical.

on mono-Pyro these ER reqs are way off, she needs like 150-170 to be safe if u play rotations well.

now, for the actual math: using all of the above, let's assume C0 Dehya is using her new set on mono Pyro, at the minimum required ER of 150% and is maintaining perfect uptime. the new set will give her a net gain of about 20-21% more damage total, whereas Emblem will give her about 13%. let's assume it's 21% on new set and 12% on emblem. the new set would be 121/112 ~= 1,08 -> about 8% stronger. 

this 8% is the BEST CASE scenario for the new set, and doesn't take into account the % made up for with the artifact rolls I mentioned earlier. if we used higher ER reqs and Vape Carry, this gap is closed very quickly.
    i used fav and inazuma weapon because of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6UTuQbKvIk&t=155s) video at 2:40, since that seems to be closest increase you claim. sure, me assuming everyone has pre farmed eosf is a stretch. the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce, most of the time you wont utilize the full buff and we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt. i assume it doesnt so you will have to do weird rotations to snapshot the full buff on her skill, on her burst it wont be too much of a problem if you arent against enemies that get staggered by her punches and redmane ticks help. and im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2
        >  the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce ...  im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2

Do you not know how redmanes blood works?

When any active character takes damage while in the aoe of dehya's skill, up to 50% of that damage goes into redmanes blood, which is portioned out over the next 10 seconds. This is "reset" every time a new instance of damage occurs. This damage continues to tick even if the skill ends. This applies even to damage from things like torches/campfires, burning, or dendro cores. Every instance of this damage over time will add or refresh one stack from the artifact set.

Dehya's skill at c0 has a 12s (closer to 13s because of animations) uptime with an 18s cooldown. If you take damage at 8 seconds into skills duration, you will still have stacks when you recast skill. It is trivially easy to maintain 100% uptime on all stacks of the new set.

> we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt

That isn't a function of the artifact set, it's a function of dehya's kit. Dehya's skill snapshots on cast or on recast. Dehya's burst does not snapshot. It's not particularly hard to recast skill to capture the buff and burst should always have it.
            ight
                I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
                    dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
Eh not a Nilou main sorry 😐😔


Oh well... I guess the Hydro one for Ayato and maybe Focalors will do!
    Ayato's current sets aren't worse than this one. There's no reason to farm this basically.
Oh, I thought Childe's burst pulled him out of melee mode, but looking it up that doesn't seem to happen? Not sure why I thought it did.
    Childe has 2 Burst modes:

Range Burst deals less damage and applies a riptide mark (also restores 15 energy)

Melee Burst deals more damage and deals a second explosion after removing riptide mark (doesn't restore energy)
Don't understand what?
>so Nymph's actually is a lot better than I initially thought.

..... time to collect fragile resins then
This is why hod sucks on him

  


Doesn't buff elemental skill, no Riptide Slash, no Riptide burst, no elemental burst...
Cause I like her
Sacrificial Sword definitely isn't needed.  Key is obviously preferred, but Iron Sting helps with Bloom damage.
Good day to you fellow Kindred in Triple Crowned Zhongli. May your shield never fail yet another day
Don't worry, I'm not too far behind with 9/10/10
He is my only triple crowned character so yeah I can't dodge for shit
That's because he is
That hurt real bad...
    It's fine Yao Yao, here, eat a radish and walk it off.
That is literally me 💀
Same but Nilou. I've forgotten to bring a healer to a few fights and just swap to 60k HP Nilou whenever a hit comes.
    the peak of Nilou is just running Kokomi + Yelan + Nilou and having ~140,000 total HP to just absorb hits
        Yas!
This is me lmao i'm so sorry Yaoyao :(
this is the way
Dam. My Zhongli has carried me through the game lol
    same here, first 5 star so my dodge ability has always been doomed
Wait dashing gives i-frames? I had no clue that's a thing.
    Yep, in fact you can dash through attacks that should absolutely hit you. Like the Ruin Serpent's rolling attack.
The Dark Souls player I am was overjoyed with that realisation back when I started. Still utilise it to this day😤
Oh I see what you’re getting at! But doesn’t tenacity also take effect even when he’s not on the field? See:

“This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.”

So, usually you pop his shield and go to a different char; hence “more beneficial for the team” and not “more beneficial for main dps Zhongli”

For me, and many players, we don’t even pay attention to his pillar, we use Zhongli for shield and maybe the occasional ult and go to town with our team’s skills.

Not that it doesn’t suck that god of geo’s pillar disappears in the face of a small boss…
    Tenacity works when not on field, but it needs an ability to continually hit enemies, which the pillar cannot do if it gets destroyed
    Yes it triggers off field, but it can only do so if the pillar pulses hit an enemy. Otherwise you get the ATK buff for just 3 seconds and once your pillar it's gone that's it. That's what the other person meant. When half the bosses immediately destroy the pillar, you won't reliably get the buff anyway.
it's also not good on Dehya, assuming max stacks constantly it's like 1% better than Emblem. so there's like no point in farming for it if you don't need both sets.
    It's actually better the higher constellation you have. C1 adds additional dmg from hp, C2 prolongs her E and C4 allows you to lower Dehya er.

Emblem is equal only on 200+ er and only adds to the Elemental Burst(2/3 of dmg) through it's more constant bonus. It adds absolutly nothing aside from that.
        The stacks are really inconsistent, though. It'll be pretty hard to get the max bonus for the full duration of her burst.
            Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
                The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
    What if you use Dehya mostly for her skill? Her burst is atrocious but her skill is probably the best part of her kit. Her burst is just busted bad, even if they improved the damage it would still be terrible, as it's slow and easily avoided and buggy.
        if her skill did much that might be viable. but low uptime, low damage, and even the gold state from her passive only there for 9s.
        Use TotM then. Unless you want skill damage but then I'd have to ask why.
Nahida is the one who truly elevates that comp though. I'd ditch Yelan before Nahida. Her skill removes the importance of having an Anemo CC to stack enemies. So Nahida will remain Nilou's #1 partner until we get another Hydro/Dendro unit who can do that job. Maybe a Fontaine hydro unit who can cast whirlpools or something?
    I don't have Nahida tho, that's the issue.

I am looking for a doable comp with her because I don't know any other.
    Anemo CC breaks the team comp anyways, nilou only works with dendro/hydro
On a 0.5s cooldown, i don't think he'd be able to keep up with nilou's bloom damage. Kokomi barely can in serious AoE scenarios.
    He does not take damage from them as well though actually, unless they worded it weirdly in the livestream, they said ‘he does not take damage from them, in fact he heals from them’, paraphrasing obviously.
        There is nothing in his kit protecting him from Bloom self-damage. He does heal for 300% of his EM with a 0.5sec ICD when he takes bloom damage. And frankly a reasonable potential of 6k HP/sec seems rather huge, even without damage reduction from the Blooms.
            Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
        It didn't go exactly like that. In the livestream they said those two separately which makes it confusing. Basically what I got from it is he doesn't take bloom dmg from the ones he pop. But when he takes dmg from the blooms that pop naturally,  he heals himself a small bit and it has a cd.
            Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
                That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
Oh yeah. But only for bloom damage right? I think I heard so.
But to heal Nilou we'd need around 10 Xingquis. She is too damn beefy. Can use YaoYao instead of Kaveh if Kaveh's bloom popping turns out to be useless.
    Baizhu is literally right there
        Yeah but can't recommend before playing and seeing his stats.
    That sounds like the beginning of a harem anime.
        Reverse Harem
It actually needs a good amount of hp substats, even with weapon, not "that" easy. So the hp set will help.
But they never released artifact sets for new regional characters this early,did they? Like they release emblem domain after Inazuma came out,same for the Gilded dreams domain when Sumeru came out.
    Can’t really try to call an occurence normal when it has only had 2 chances to happen so far.. they released an Inazuma character before Inazuma released - it’s not that deep
        Atleast it's two samples. Not like they released a sumeru character before Sumeru came out. Two maybe a bare minimum but it's still is something. Besides, people base a lot of things just on these two occurrences in genshin,like the number of patches,archons reruns and release and so on.
Echoes is BIS when your ping is consistently bellow 100. Otherwise Gladiators finale or heart of depth share BIS
You say that HoD was a generalist hydro artifact but do be honest, which other character made use of HoD besides Childe until Ayato? Pretty sure there was no character who did. So the fact that HoD was released after Childe and nobody else used it tells a lot about whether it was made for him or not. Sure it didn't buff every part of his kit but it was still made for him nonetheless,albeit a bit general.
    Well, same can be said about Blizzard or Witch, those sets are there for elemental carries until they get their own down the road. Childe also didn't have Polar Star on release, it was created later and now they've made Polar Star artifact.
Older domains are made to counter what ever you build . 


Vv set ? Physical bonus 

Hod/blizzard ? Enemies with cryo shields 

Witch ?  All pyro enemies with pyro device buff .
    Mondstadt talent books? Forfeit your freedom.
        I hate that domain with a passion. Cryo enemies, stamina debuff, and icicles constantly raining down on you. It takes twice as long to complete as any other domain not because it's hard, but because it's annoying. Who thought that was a good idea to make, especially as the first talent domain new players will enter?
        Got my time down to 47 seconds in that domain when I C6'd my Bennett, down from best 55. That's pretty significant I think!
    Yeah I guess that makes sense. I only farm for my strongest characters so I guess it seems harder
Well the thing is is that 99.9% of the max inventory hoarders aren't full because they have 1000 good +20s they're saving for possible future characters. They have a bunch of say, 4 line double crit +0s on some set like Clam. Or worse, they're hoarding 3 line +0s which are even more unlikely to be good. They're just too cheap/lazy to gamble and see if the pieces are actually good.

And it's not people that have multiple sets for characters either because there are ~40 characters in the game and you could have 3 full never-shared sets for every single character and you would still only be around ~600 artifacts. So imo, everyone that has the max 1500 are lazy. If the cap was 5000, they would still be at the cap.


FWIW, I say this as someone with ~300 +20s (and like 100 +16s). I'm never above like ~800/1500 inventory since I'm always gambling artifacts upgrades so I always have under 500K mora which only gets that high because of events. Out of all my +20s, 90% of them are "good enough" and my standards are relatively low compared to most players. I'd be really, really impressed if someone had 1000 +20s because that's a massive, massive mora and artifact exp sink, never mind 1000 that are all actually good by the average player's standards.
    Look at this guy calling everyone lazy who doesn't have the same artifact standards and isn't micromanaging like them.
        Also this guy straightly destroying possible 35%CD artifacts having 0 guarantee that his "4lines" one will not roll in full flat atk XD And from what I saw — most people with that ~35%CD has it on absolutely random pieces which sometimes have even only 2 good stats.

"Gl" for him to loosing 2/3 in raw experience and possible chance of good roll in future. I was sacrificing EM arts on the start of the game(because I haven't had single anemo) and when Sumeru came I hardly got 1 "non-set". Now I'm keeping even great def% and phys ones despite I hate def and phys builds just because I don't know what future characters, that I may like, may need.
        It's a F2P RPG with inventory space and micromanaging is just kind of part of those. Usually, the less you spend, the more you have to micromanage. I'm just content enough that Genshin isn't like some other F2Ps or gacha games where you'd have to pay for inventory space. I quit POE years ago because the inventory as f2p as completely ass after you hit mapping. In a different timeline, Genshin would have 3 expeditions with 2 paid slots, not-unlimited character slots, like 300 artifacts slots and up to 3000 if you paid and other shit like that.
    Anyone who actually plays efficiently has 1500 after playing for a year.

Why? Because they understand how to roll +4 artifacts to see if its good or not. And hold onto some stuff while dumping the rest. 

Basically they float 1200-1500 and when lazy, its hitting 1500.

> +20s

You clearly dont get what people are doing. It's not about +20s, its about holding onto double crit and other good artifacts that can roll well when you need it for a character.
eh no, you see... in like 5 artifact runs i get maybe 1 or 2 things that have potential
    [deleted]
        just sift through them as you get them and lock and unlock them when you recieve them. makes it easy
            [deleted]
                yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
    you’re doing yourself dirty, what looks like it doesn’t have potential now, may hav potential in the future. always good to keep anything that has 4 or more substats from the get go, especially if it has percentages, even if the main stat seems “bad” now, there can always be a a character released in the future that scales on it later. it’s a long term game, not just a what’s good right now game
        playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later" game only leads to excessive hoarding of garbage

future characters will likely use different sets

if it was like a 4 liner shime piece but with the wrong mainstat, yeah that would be worth keeping but what's the point of locking shit thats crit def hp em on a set like clam?

on top of that, if you're farming artifacts for a character and they set a set that's in the strongbox, it's better to just throw artis into the strongbox cuz your priority is getting sucrose em artifacts and not saving vv pieces for a future xiao-like char
            > playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
            I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
        ah yes flat hp, atk and def surely have potential. i decide whats good for my account okay, and i see no future use for the stuff i get rn


and if something like that will be useful later its most likely gonna come with a new set
            no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
        That’s just excessive hoarding. By the time a future character comes out that uses the exact set of substats your hoarded artifacts have, you might has well just farm one when you get there. Unless it’s a truly rare piece, I still think you guys are just hoarding for little good reason.

Plus a lot of characters are being released to use new artifact sets.

Other than sets like gladiator and emblem, most of these future characters probably won’t be using your hoarder sets anyway
    wow, that's a lot. I generally consider it to be a nice day in genshin if i get 1 good potential artifact from 5 condensed runs, which is why i pretty much always have around 500 artifacts locked at any time. It's been like this since 2021. Don't know how people can max their inventory without spending $$ on resin refresh. Maybe they should up their standards for what they consider good if approaching inventory limit.
    ***"eH nO,"***
well said, almost AR60 here and same, i have some that I can’t get rid of myself
I typically skip keeping HP, ATK, or DEF circlets, since they've always been situational upgrades at best. For the supports that just want to stack one stat, the subs aren't that critical, so you can farm a new one if necessary. 

But I'm in the same boat, somewhere around 900 artifacts, and I kept hitting the cap when I was farming for Yoimiya's Bollide set (since the only way it was an upgrade was with great substats).
Good god EoSF Barbara has me rolling
LOL- definitely 1. I appreciate the humored reply though.
Which is what is frustrating.  As messy as her kit is, they could have easily made her not suck but they choose to do it anyway.
yeah, but your average genshin player probably wont have the bis weapon for her so 2-2 is still decent, or in my case i have key and am still not at the 75k hp point with hydro resonance
If you have Key, you're still getting HP to EM conversion with no limit. So it's not a bad thing either for her to go double 20% HP.
on nilou you would go 2 piece tenacity and 2 piece this set so you can increase the bloom buff she gives
Keqing was the only competent user of thundering fury for forever. Diluc is basically the only character that uses crimson witch to full efficiency.

Having a character specific artifact set doesn't really mean much for standard characters. We have some artifact sets that are stinkers and others that are niche and some that are super broad.

Other characters *can* stack the bonus from this set, it just isn't quite as easy. You can do it from burning, bloom or burgeon damage.
i was going to comment diluc, but bennett can also use cwof 4p.
    Hu Tao uses it as well
        not to full efficiency. she uses it for vape/melt dmg bonus and one stack pyro dmg bonus, whereas diluc and bennett can stack the 4p easily.
very unusual, isn't it.

...I wonder if there could be a reason for that, contradictory to her appearance on standard.

No, I'm sure the fact nobody knew she was standard until the trailer was just a complete coincidence.
    I don't think it's much of a secret that they tossed Dehya into standard rather than try to fix her kit because they didn't want to have an expectation to rerun her at some point and have another poorly selling banner when they could just eat the poor sales for one cycle while building FOMO for the weapon banner.
        I mean, one way of fixing her was to release artifact set tailored for her and then rerun her. Instead, they just tossed her into standard banner so she wont bother them anymore.
            They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
her skill does snapshot the burst doesnt, the set buff im not sure. and by making other teams, any team can be played just wont be good, the teams i have in mind are ones that she noticably contributes to the team and even in the teams you think of, the result will be the same, so the artifact is still worthless
    Sorry I misread that you said her skill does snapshot as you were unsure, that is on me. That is the first I heard of that, that would make this set worse if there isn't some thing where it forces it or they change her skill, you would have to wait for her second rotation before benefiting from it. When I saw the details of it even if it ignores snapshotting, it looked like a sidegrade or at least not a set worth farming if you had a Tenacity. But if you happen to get one or don't want to farm Tenacity domain you can use it on her.
> I don't think she snapshots since this was made with her in mind and works off-field making it pointless

Her skill snapshots on cast and on recast. It's not a huge issue because you should have basically full uptime after your first rotation, especially if you have c2 dehya (quite possible with her being standard which likely means she'll be in lost 50/50's too).

You can just hold the recast on skill until you've taken damage from literally any source - I currently like to play dehya in burning subreactions, so nahida hold E -> dehya E starts the ticking and then I can cycle through other characters or dawdle a bit before recast.
I have no idea where you're getting the numbers you've been citing from.

TL;DR at the bottom and why the difference at C0 in the best case scenario is significantly less than any number you've said

> No the weapon is pretty irrelevant here because the way the artifact 2pc's work is that 20% Hp is ~4 substat rolls, which is equivalent to ER because 20% er is ~4 substat rolls. Health ranges from 4.08 - 5.83, ER ranges from 4.53 - 6.48.

these substats are not equivalent in value. 4 HP rolls amount to next to nothing in terms of damage for C0 Dehya, a couple extra 1000s of DMG at most, whereas 4 ER rolls translates to 4 extra rolls of useful damage sources (crit, atk, em) on your artifacts, which actually amounts to a damage increase. 

1 crit substat is worth ~2x as much as that 20% HP, so if we assume you exchange 2 ER rolls for 2 crit rolls, 1 atk and 1 EM roll each for 1 ER roll, you get ~3,5-3,75 worth of 20% HP 2pc, for the record.

> Dehya's skill at c0-c1 is roughly 32-33% of her damage, while her burst - used on cooldown - is about 67%.

on what team? at C0, on mono-Pyro, her skill is going to be ~27-28%(~949% ATK + 7.8% HP on her 2 skill uses + 5 field procs) vs (2013% ATK + 34% HP), and it goes further down at C1. 

on Vape Hypercarry, C0, it's closer to like 15-20%, depending on if u get vapes on E casts or not. at C1 it's under 15%. 

> To burst on cooldown with EoSF you need about ~220 - 245 ER depending on how much funneling you're getting

again, what team?

on Vape Hypercarry, which has dogshit energy generation, using ER calculator, u need 230 on safe RNG to burst on cooldown assuming single target, Fav Kazuha, low HP particles, 1 Bennet E funneled (which u can do while bursting on cooldown) and Dehya catching none of her own particles. this is genuinely worst case scenario and practically results in way less damage than playing her with 150-180 ER (depending on the rest of ur team and artifacts) and funneling more than 1 Bennet E. 1 more funnel (which would include one of Dehya's own particles) gets her down to 184 in the same calc. assuming Dehya players use (and they they SHOULD use) that much ER is completely non practical.

on mono-Pyro these ER reqs are way off, she needs like 150-170 to be safe if u play rotations well.

now, for the actual math: using all of the above, let's assume C0 Dehya is using her new set on mono Pyro, at the minimum required ER of 150% and is maintaining perfect uptime. the new set will give her a net gain of about 20-21% more damage total, whereas Emblem will give her about 13%. let's assume it's 21% on new set and 12% on emblem. the new set would be 121/112 ~= 1,08 -> about 8% stronger. 

this 8% is the BEST CASE scenario for the new set, and doesn't take into account the % made up for with the artifact rolls I mentioned earlier. if we used higher ER reqs and Vape Carry, this gap is closed very quickly.
i used fav and inazuma weapon because of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6UTuQbKvIk&t=155s) video at 2:40, since that seems to be closest increase you claim. sure, me assuming everyone has pre farmed eosf is a stretch. the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce, most of the time you wont utilize the full buff and we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt. i assume it doesnt so you will have to do weird rotations to snapshot the full buff on her skill, on her burst it wont be too much of a problem if you arent against enemies that get staggered by her punches and redmane ticks help. and im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2
    >  the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce ...  im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2

Do you not know how redmanes blood works?

When any active character takes damage while in the aoe of dehya's skill, up to 50% of that damage goes into redmanes blood, which is portioned out over the next 10 seconds. This is "reset" every time a new instance of damage occurs. This damage continues to tick even if the skill ends. This applies even to damage from things like torches/campfires, burning, or dendro cores. Every instance of this damage over time will add or refresh one stack from the artifact set.

Dehya's skill at c0 has a 12s (closer to 13s because of animations) uptime with an 18s cooldown. If you take damage at 8 seconds into skills duration, you will still have stacks when you recast skill. It is trivially easy to maintain 100% uptime on all stacks of the new set.

> we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt

That isn't a function of the artifact set, it's a function of dehya's kit. Dehya's skill snapshots on cast or on recast. Dehya's burst does not snapshot. It's not particularly hard to recast skill to capture the buff and burst should always have it.
        ight
            I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
                dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
Ayato's current sets aren't worse than this one. There's no reason to farm this basically.
Childe has 2 Burst modes:

Range Burst deals less damage and applies a riptide mark (also restores 15 energy)

Melee Burst deals more damage and deals a second explosion after removing riptide mark (doesn't restore energy)
It's fine Yao Yao, here, eat a radish and walk it off.
the peak of Nilou is just running Kokomi + Yelan + Nilou and having ~140,000 total HP to just absorb hits
    Yas!
same here, first 5 star so my dodge ability has always been doomed
Yep, in fact you can dash through attacks that should absolutely hit you. Like the Ruin Serpent's rolling attack.
Tenacity works when not on field, but it needs an ability to continually hit enemies, which the pillar cannot do if it gets destroyed
Yes it triggers off field, but it can only do so if the pillar pulses hit an enemy. Otherwise you get the ATK buff for just 3 seconds and once your pillar it's gone that's it. That's what the other person meant. When half the bosses immediately destroy the pillar, you won't reliably get the buff anyway.
It's actually better the higher constellation you have. C1 adds additional dmg from hp, C2 prolongs her E and C4 allows you to lower Dehya er.

Emblem is equal only on 200+ er and only adds to the Elemental Burst(2/3 of dmg) through it's more constant bonus. It adds absolutly nothing aside from that.
    The stacks are really inconsistent, though. It'll be pretty hard to get the max bonus for the full duration of her burst.
        Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
            The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
What if you use Dehya mostly for her skill? Her burst is atrocious but her skill is probably the best part of her kit. Her burst is just busted bad, even if they improved the damage it would still be terrible, as it's slow and easily avoided and buggy.
    if her skill did much that might be viable. but low uptime, low damage, and even the gold state from her passive only there for 9s.
    Use TotM then. Unless you want skill damage but then I'd have to ask why.
I don't have Nahida tho, that's the issue.

I am looking for a doable comp with her because I don't know any other.
Anemo CC breaks the team comp anyways, nilou only works with dendro/hydro
He does not take damage from them as well though actually, unless they worded it weirdly in the livestream, they said ‘he does not take damage from them, in fact he heals from them’, paraphrasing obviously.
    There is nothing in his kit protecting him from Bloom self-damage. He does heal for 300% of his EM with a 0.5sec ICD when he takes bloom damage. And frankly a reasonable potential of 6k HP/sec seems rather huge, even without damage reduction from the Blooms.
        Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
    It didn't go exactly like that. In the livestream they said those two separately which makes it confusing. Basically what I got from it is he doesn't take bloom dmg from the ones he pop. But when he takes dmg from the blooms that pop naturally,  he heals himself a small bit and it has a cd.
        Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
            That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
Baizhu is literally right there
    Yeah but can't recommend before playing and seeing his stats.
That sounds like the beginning of a harem anime.
    Reverse Harem
Can’t really try to call an occurence normal when it has only had 2 chances to happen so far.. they released an Inazuma character before Inazuma released - it’s not that deep
    Atleast it's two samples. Not like they released a sumeru character before Sumeru came out. Two maybe a bare minimum but it's still is something. Besides, people base a lot of things just on these two occurrences in genshin,like the number of patches,archons reruns and release and so on.
Well, same can be said about Blizzard or Witch, those sets are there for elemental carries until they get their own down the road. Childe also didn't have Polar Star on release, it was created later and now they've made Polar Star artifact.
Mondstadt talent books? Forfeit your freedom.
    I hate that domain with a passion. Cryo enemies, stamina debuff, and icicles constantly raining down on you. It takes twice as long to complete as any other domain not because it's hard, but because it's annoying. Who thought that was a good idea to make, especially as the first talent domain new players will enter?
    Got my time down to 47 seconds in that domain when I C6'd my Bennett, down from best 55. That's pretty significant I think!
Yeah I guess that makes sense. I only farm for my strongest characters so I guess it seems harder
Look at this guy calling everyone lazy who doesn't have the same artifact standards and isn't micromanaging like them.
    Also this guy straightly destroying possible 35%CD artifacts having 0 guarantee that his "4lines" one will not roll in full flat atk XD And from what I saw — most people with that ~35%CD has it on absolutely random pieces which sometimes have even only 2 good stats.

"Gl" for him to loosing 2/3 in raw experience and possible chance of good roll in future. I was sacrificing EM arts on the start of the game(because I haven't had single anemo) and when Sumeru came I hardly got 1 "non-set". Now I'm keeping even great def% and phys ones despite I hate def and phys builds just because I don't know what future characters, that I may like, may need.
    It's a F2P RPG with inventory space and micromanaging is just kind of part of those. Usually, the less you spend, the more you have to micromanage. I'm just content enough that Genshin isn't like some other F2Ps or gacha games where you'd have to pay for inventory space. I quit POE years ago because the inventory as f2p as completely ass after you hit mapping. In a different timeline, Genshin would have 3 expeditions with 2 paid slots, not-unlimited character slots, like 300 artifacts slots and up to 3000 if you paid and other shit like that.
Anyone who actually plays efficiently has 1500 after playing for a year.

Why? Because they understand how to roll +4 artifacts to see if its good or not. And hold onto some stuff while dumping the rest. 

Basically they float 1200-1500 and when lazy, its hitting 1500.

> +20s

You clearly dont get what people are doing. It's not about +20s, its about holding onto double crit and other good artifacts that can roll well when you need it for a character.
[deleted]
    just sift through them as you get them and lock and unlock them when you recieve them. makes it easy
        [deleted]
            yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
you’re doing yourself dirty, what looks like it doesn’t have potential now, may hav potential in the future. always good to keep anything that has 4 or more substats from the get go, especially if it has percentages, even if the main stat seems “bad” now, there can always be a a character released in the future that scales on it later. it’s a long term game, not just a what’s good right now game
    playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later" game only leads to excessive hoarding of garbage

future characters will likely use different sets

if it was like a 4 liner shime piece but with the wrong mainstat, yeah that would be worth keeping but what's the point of locking shit thats crit def hp em on a set like clam?

on top of that, if you're farming artifacts for a character and they set a set that's in the strongbox, it's better to just throw artis into the strongbox cuz your priority is getting sucrose em artifacts and not saving vv pieces for a future xiao-like char
        > playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
        I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
    ah yes flat hp, atk and def surely have potential. i decide whats good for my account okay, and i see no future use for the stuff i get rn


and if something like that will be useful later its most likely gonna come with a new set
        no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
    That’s just excessive hoarding. By the time a future character comes out that uses the exact set of substats your hoarded artifacts have, you might has well just farm one when you get there. Unless it’s a truly rare piece, I still think you guys are just hoarding for little good reason.

Plus a lot of characters are being released to use new artifact sets.

Other than sets like gladiator and emblem, most of these future characters probably won’t be using your hoarder sets anyway
wow, that's a lot. I generally consider it to be a nice day in genshin if i get 1 good potential artifact from 5 condensed runs, which is why i pretty much always have around 500 artifacts locked at any time. It's been like this since 2021. Don't know how people can max their inventory without spending $$ on resin refresh. Maybe they should up their standards for what they consider good if approaching inventory limit.
***"eH nO,"***
Hu Tao uses it as well
    not to full efficiency. she uses it for vape/melt dmg bonus and one stack pyro dmg bonus, whereas diluc and bennett can stack the 4p easily.
I don't think it's much of a secret that they tossed Dehya into standard rather than try to fix her kit because they didn't want to have an expectation to rerun her at some point and have another poorly selling banner when they could just eat the poor sales for one cycle while building FOMO for the weapon banner.
    I mean, one way of fixing her was to release artifact set tailored for her and then rerun her. Instead, they just tossed her into standard banner so she wont bother them anymore.
        They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
Sorry I misread that you said her skill does snapshot as you were unsure, that is on me. That is the first I heard of that, that would make this set worse if there isn't some thing where it forces it or they change her skill, you would have to wait for her second rotation before benefiting from it. When I saw the details of it even if it ignores snapshotting, it looked like a sidegrade or at least not a set worth farming if you had a Tenacity. But if you happen to get one or don't want to farm Tenacity domain you can use it on her.
>  the stacks have seperate durations so they will bounce ...  im pretty sure it will be tight for dehya to maintain stacks before c2

Do you not know how redmanes blood works?

When any active character takes damage while in the aoe of dehya's skill, up to 50% of that damage goes into redmanes blood, which is portioned out over the next 10 seconds. This is "reset" every time a new instance of damage occurs. This damage continues to tick even if the skill ends. This applies even to damage from things like torches/campfires, burning, or dendro cores. Every instance of this damage over time will add or refresh one stack from the artifact set.

Dehya's skill at c0 has a 12s (closer to 13s because of animations) uptime with an 18s cooldown. If you take damage at 8 seconds into skills duration, you will still have stacks when you recast skill. It is trivially easy to maintain 100% uptime on all stacks of the new set.

> we dont know yet if the buff snapshots or doesnt

That isn't a function of the artifact set, it's a function of dehya's kit. Dehya's skill snapshots on cast or on recast. Dehya's burst does not snapshot. It's not particularly hard to recast skill to capture the buff and burst should always have it.
    ight
        I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
            dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
Yas!
The stacks are really inconsistent, though. It'll be pretty hard to get the max bonus for the full duration of her burst.
    Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
        The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
if her skill did much that might be viable. but low uptime, low damage, and even the gold state from her passive only there for 9s.
Use TotM then. Unless you want skill damage but then I'd have to ask why.
There is nothing in his kit protecting him from Bloom self-damage. He does heal for 300% of his EM with a 0.5sec ICD when he takes bloom damage. And frankly a reasonable potential of 6k HP/sec seems rather huge, even without damage reduction from the Blooms.
    Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
It didn't go exactly like that. In the livestream they said those two separately which makes it confusing. Basically what I got from it is he doesn't take bloom dmg from the ones he pop. But when he takes dmg from the blooms that pop naturally,  he heals himself a small bit and it has a cd.
    Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
        That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
Yeah but can't recommend before playing and seeing his stats.
Reverse Harem
Atleast it's two samples. Not like they released a sumeru character before Sumeru came out. Two maybe a bare minimum but it's still is something. Besides, people base a lot of things just on these two occurrences in genshin,like the number of patches,archons reruns and release and so on.
I hate that domain with a passion. Cryo enemies, stamina debuff, and icicles constantly raining down on you. It takes twice as long to complete as any other domain not because it's hard, but because it's annoying. Who thought that was a good idea to make, especially as the first talent domain new players will enter?
Got my time down to 47 seconds in that domain when I C6'd my Bennett, down from best 55. That's pretty significant I think!
Also this guy straightly destroying possible 35%CD artifacts having 0 guarantee that his "4lines" one will not roll in full flat atk XD And from what I saw — most people with that ~35%CD has it on absolutely random pieces which sometimes have even only 2 good stats.

"Gl" for him to loosing 2/3 in raw experience and possible chance of good roll in future. I was sacrificing EM arts on the start of the game(because I haven't had single anemo) and when Sumeru came I hardly got 1 "non-set". Now I'm keeping even great def% and phys ones despite I hate def and phys builds just because I don't know what future characters, that I may like, may need.
It's a F2P RPG with inventory space and micromanaging is just kind of part of those. Usually, the less you spend, the more you have to micromanage. I'm just content enough that Genshin isn't like some other F2Ps or gacha games where you'd have to pay for inventory space. I quit POE years ago because the inventory as f2p as completely ass after you hit mapping. In a different timeline, Genshin would have 3 expeditions with 2 paid slots, not-unlimited character slots, like 300 artifacts slots and up to 3000 if you paid and other shit like that.
just sift through them as you get them and lock and unlock them when you recieve them. makes it easy
    [deleted]
        yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later" game only leads to excessive hoarding of garbage

future characters will likely use different sets

if it was like a 4 liner shime piece but with the wrong mainstat, yeah that would be worth keeping but what's the point of locking shit thats crit def hp em on a set like clam?

on top of that, if you're farming artifacts for a character and they set a set that's in the strongbox, it's better to just throw artis into the strongbox cuz your priority is getting sucrose em artifacts and not saving vv pieces for a future xiao-like char
    > playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
    I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
ah yes flat hp, atk and def surely have potential. i decide whats good for my account okay, and i see no future use for the stuff i get rn


and if something like that will be useful later its most likely gonna come with a new set
    no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
That’s just excessive hoarding. By the time a future character comes out that uses the exact set of substats your hoarded artifacts have, you might has well just farm one when you get there. Unless it’s a truly rare piece, I still think you guys are just hoarding for little good reason.

Plus a lot of characters are being released to use new artifact sets.

Other than sets like gladiator and emblem, most of these future characters probably won’t be using your hoarder sets anyway
not to full efficiency. she uses it for vape/melt dmg bonus and one stack pyro dmg bonus, whereas diluc and bennett can stack the 4p easily.
I mean, one way of fixing her was to release artifact set tailored for her and then rerun her. Instead, they just tossed her into standard banner so she wont bother them anymore.
    They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
ight
    I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
        dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
Depends because she also takes the diminished damage during the elemental skill effect so you should mostly always have the buff up (if you have C2 or sac greatsword).
    The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
Also his C1 gives 50% dendro resistance for tanking blooms
Alright, that’s a bit weird if it’s how it works, but I suppose we’ll see for sure before too long. It wouldn’t make too much sense for him to heal just a portion of the damage he takes from bloom pops, since by then wouldn’t it make more sense to just have him take less damage?
    That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
[deleted]
    yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
> playing the "maybe this will have some use later" and "but i might need this later"

I do this when I get HP/DEF/ATK with double crit of any set, because we truly don't know when a DEF/HP scaling of X element will show up. People cried when Hu Tao's kit was revealed because they all threw away their HP artifact when farming for Diluc.
I'd rather have my 3 pieces of excessive EoSF garbage that half of the cast use than throw them at strongbox and get 1 piece of garbage.

Plus I built like 3 characters with ~700 strongbox each. At this point I'm only looking for some VV Jean and CW Diluc so there's not really a need to box absolutely everything you deem unusable.
no prob, just giving a heads up in case it could help
They did release an artifact set tailored to her. That's what this very post is about.

It's just worse for her than Emblem is.
I apologize if I came off as condescending at all, it's just that the way dehya's kit works it's really really easy for her to use this artifact set.
    dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
The problem is that even for Dehya, a single hit only affords her 5s of max stacks with her skill. It lasts 10s, so if you burst right away you don't have max stacks. If you wait until max, you could lose a stack or two before the final kick.

So you either take a hit early, then burst right after a second hit, or hope to take raw hits during her burst without any mitigation. This becomes even more difficult at C6 with her extended burst duration.
That is the only way I could make sense of it. He pops nearby blooms with his skill. But when he doesn't still the blooms can pop like they usually do and those might dmg him. Healing a portion is the same as taking less dmg but with one extra step.
yeah that would be helpful. I agree though, usually most are pretty usable and i find even on some i might have thought we’re “bad” ended up having crazy rolls when i gave them a try. so yeah i might have a ton of one kind but when i’m ready to build a character differently or a new one, i have a plethora of options to choose from. if i am able to hold that many, might as well tbh. you never know when you could end up needing it instead of going to the domain drawing board. i agree with you for sure
dont apologize, i might have underestimated dehyas way to gain and maintain stacks
