[[I know yall hate riot shields but a 3 hit kill riot shield is going to be damn near impossible to get kills with(sorry camo grinders)]]





"Hey Infinity Ward it's not the shield in combat that's the problem it's the absolutely penalty free turtle shell people use it as. Can we do something about that?"  

Infinity Ward: "Say less fam we're gonna nerf everything about it except what you asked for 🙌"
    It's honestly incredible how much they missed the point with this one small but fundamental change
        they miss any and every point available they are so out of touch with every decision they make it almost feels like theyre doing it on purpose
            Being shit and way out if touch with balance patches: 

Overwatch 🤝 Infinitiy Ward
            They could not intentionally fuck up this badly if they tried, thats the magic. Bullshit your way through it and accept the bonuses when they come in.
            I was just talking to my friend today about how the only reason xp tokens count while in the lobbies is because the devs just fucking hate the players lol
                I don’t think the devs include this by choice, Actiblizz is just such a shit company that is fueled by nothing but profits and most likely forces them to include all of the shit like that. I also don’t even think Actiblizz hates us, I think they straight up don’t give a single shit about us which is honestly worse.
        is it really? How tone deaf have they been thus far and your surprised?
        Oh it's like all games. They know the problem, they just don't care.
        It’s like they got CoD fans working there or something.
    This blows my mind. I don't even get why shield kills were the issue. In a game where everything can kill you in 200-300ms two shield hits already takes a huge time. And running after someone to get those shield kills (since every other weapon just runs faster) is brutal.

Who wants to just boost the camo's on this and never use it again with me?
        Launchers and riot shields on back should have 25% movement speed reduction they have when held as main
Edit: I want launcher speed cropped so they can get buffed
            As what feels like the only guy who plays anti tank in GW/Invasion, crippling the move speed with launchers is a bad idea. If I can’t get in and out of cover quickly to take shots on IFVs or tanks, then I’m kinda dead. 

If the argument is that they’re heavy so you should be slower universally, then this argument can also be applied to MGs, .50BMGs, etc.
                My anti-armor comrade! I feel this to my bones. Just about every match I have to switch to my anti-armor load out and stay there because no one else seems to want to do it. Oh, we’re losing locations left and right because a helicopter is constantly in the air dropping troops for support? Shoot the fucking thing out of the sky, problem solved! Enemy armor constantly harassing a location? Blow the fucking thing up! Problem solved. Sometimes I just want to play as an assault build or level other weapons, but noooo, I have to be the responsible one to play the objectives lol. I mean, it’s fun for me most of the time, but more people wanting to help can get old fast.
                    No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
                        Yeah, sure, I’ll hit you up.
                    What's weird is I have been playing BF2042 and people still just let tanks and helicopters run rampant instead of, you know, gearing up to counter them.
                        As a long-time battlefield player, I feel your pain as well
                    No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
                [deleted]
                    Shock stick or smokes to cover you, thermite, strela-P and munitions box is what you want. Fast Hands is super super worth it, too.
Thermite, shock, double/triple Strela to the back of the vehicle or the turret, resupply, and repeat. I find that the crew usually jump out after a critical hit or two, which seems to disable IFVs.

The ammo caches around the map will also resupply gear/rockets, so it’s worth hitting those up or sitting on them since they’re usually near objectives. 

A little bit of strategy/positioning goes a long, long way towards taking out vehicles.
                Drill charges work great against tanks in Invasion, as they kill the occupants but not the tank. You can kill them and then steal the tank.
                    Negative. The vehicle must explode otherwise I cannot be satisfied.
                This. Add more realism while adding balance. Make LMGs have more piercing effect so maybe they nullify armor and perks like that and hit through walls
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
                    Launchers are already useless against killstreaks. 4+ RPG hits against a VTOL, while I can just magdump an LMG and take ti down in half the time. GG.

IDK who the hell though it would be a great idea to cripple launchers against streaks. Pila takes less hits (including the "flare" shot) than an RPG. AND THAT SHIT IS GUIDED. SMH
                        Shouldn't the PILA take fewer hits? It takes longer to shoot, longer to reload, and is *meant* for killstreaks -- the RPG is more anti-personnel.
                            Eh, but with an RPG you have slower travel time and the need to aim / lead a target. For balancing reasons it's pretty stupid that you basically need to die at least once to destroy a VTOL for example.

Strela-P? It literally says: "devastating against vehicles" in its description and you need 6(!!!!) hits on a VTOL to bring it down. It basically doesn't have any splash damage at all against personnel (redeeming quality of the RPG) and it's just a very weird decision. One that doesn't make sense at all. Launchers were balanced well in MW19 imo, I just don't get why they nerfed them this hard.
                                The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
                            It's the guided part that makes me disagree. It should at least be the same damage, seeing how it can hit other streaks the rpg cant.
                            I agree with your statement unless we are talking about the Border crossing map (I forget it's name) in MP. 
I launched Jokr missile about 30 seconds into a match and it detonated nine cars in the centre. 
Netted me 4 kills at the beginning and utterly demoralized the opposition.  😁
                        Went back to MW2019... dropped a fresh VTOL with two RPG's and a few rounds from a SMG... so nice to see it does actual damage to a plane!
                        I’m pretty sure you can free fire the Pila without a lock on. But if something flares the missile will still track the flare.
                        As someone who’s never used launchers, do you even spawn with 4 rpg rounds? I assumed it was like 1 maybe 2
                            You spawn with 2 and can get an additional one from Ammoboxes. 

So unless you restock twice or run over a launcher from a dead guy you need to die at least once. With Strela you need to die at least twice, even if you hit all shots
                    Right! then no one will be shooting down anything as its a penalty to even have them on your back.. good thinking! 

Because launchers are sooooo over powered right?
                        And the fact that you don't even have enough ammo to shoot it down from the get go lol I have no idea how I managed to platinum mine
                            Trying to lock choppers is like choosing to go negative for the team.

It's probably better off packing a MG with incendiary ammo.
                                I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
            [removed]
            Sure, but make all launchers a 1 hit kill even when not a direct hit. And have the explosion radius that danger close used to provide. Only way you should be able to survive is with bomb squad, and a direct hit should still kill.
                For sure, I just think it should at least have grenade kill radius from point of impact
            that’s a horrible idea
            Hell no with launcher nerfs with the UAV spam in this game. Launchers are basically mandatory.
            The bad thing with Launchers is they are huge on your back and stick out which is already a disadvantage.
        Im in.
        Thank fuck I did it like a week after the game came out.
        I'm game, what time?
            3 hours from now. 1v1, Bog, meet at the destroyed tank.
        How do we boost camos I just got my shield gold gonna go for plat next. Also is it just me or poly camo got reset
        I just got Platinum (double kills) with the RS. Just played shipment and had to accept I was going to die 100000 times. 

Finished it quicker than I expected. 3-4 games. Got 1-2 a game, and one game with 4 double kills
        If you're serious, I'm down to boost. As someone who was a little late to the camo grind, this is fucking bogus. Should've just done it when it was easy smh.
    [removed]
        It was fun trying to dodge the knives.. I manage to do it 0/7 times... alas..
            Well you won’t see many if any now, and if you do, well  as long as your not afk they aren’t hitting you.
            Lol exactly it takes skill to use them and they literally get one; it was balanced and their ONLY form of offense
                Yeah, I don't do the knife thing, but to me they are a very skill-use item. Even though I would curse the screen on them, this was a nerf I never expected or would care for.. there are definitely more balancing objectives then this..
    are they actually braindead or
    Also while telling players explicitly to turtle up.
    Flashbacks to the beta when they asked for feedback… don’t think for a second they will change
    Nah having it on the back was annoying at most but they nerfed the right thing. Just shoot their legs it’s not hard.
    I seriously believe making Armor Piercing rounds penetrate the shield would have been enough of a nerf to make it viable. It makes people use a certain attachment to counter the shield but keeps it viable, and makes a level of sense.
    No I completely disagree with you. Having something to prevent you from getting shot in the fucking back is absolutely fine. Go earn that kill. Don't just happen to pop out of a corner at a fortuitous time while I'm walking away. The shield guys who use a shield while they are facing you, wait for the animation of you pulling out a sticky grenade and then instantaneously spawn a knife into your throat...THAT'S some bullshit. I love this nerf.
    The only weapon in the game that grants a passive defense buff when not being used.
    "MAKE. THE. RIOT. SHIELD. INCOMPATIBLE. WITH. OVERKILL." -Players


"Make the riot shield a 3 hit kill? Gotcha." -IW
    I think the best way to fix the riot shield on the back, is a slight redesign, make it a compact riot shield that sort of folds to just the black piece in the middle, at least that way the bulletproof part when on the back is a third of the size without impacting realism or usability when actually holding the shield. 

Could have a nice animation when equipping of it extending too. 

If anyone’s played siege it could work kind of like montagnes shield when unequipped and re-equipped.
    Infinity Ward:

https://giphy.com/gifs/tobey-maguire-oW4csEbiMzVjq
    I hadn't seen one person say shield carrying needs to be nerfed just when it's on the back lol.
All they’ve done is nerf it for people who actually use it and not really address the issues players have with people running around with it on their back.

Classic IW.
    ~~They can be straight up incompetent at times.~~

Edit: They’re straight up incompetent.
        nah there's no way this shitty adjustment isn't straight up malice. They literally don't give a shit because they'd rather keep thinking of ways to sell you soccer player and st(r)eamer bundles
            Steamer bundles? What kind of steamer? Cleveland?
                Atleast it's not an Alabama hot pocket
                    Lol I had to urban dictionary what that was 🤮
                        Yeah its something you don't forget lol
                    Memories of a terrible Game Grumps episode of them discovering this and sharing with the world flooding back
            It’s good to see Messi murdering people and stabbing kids online tho. Probably good PR
                Honestly. I have to assume that the real soccer players had a big briefing with legal or something to talk about how they will probably see an uptick in negative sentiment towards them but purely from comments like "fuck Neymar man I hate him, always getting shot from behind by people with that skin" or "god I love killing Messi players, gives me joy that people who paid for a the bundle get fucked".
        > They ~~can~~ be straight up incompetent ~~at times~~.

There we go.
            Lmao I fixed it
        At times? You mean 90% of the time
        At times?  Don’t you mean to say they’re straight up incompetent?  Season 1 Reloaded is apparently live a little early and already people have issues using their loadouts. All of them are glitched out and all you can have is a 0 attachment M4 or a shotgun.
            I couldn't edit my loadouts except mid game for a while... It would just crash if I tried to access it in the menu. Yeah, not like stressful at all also having to guess attachments n ofc this also meant weapon tuning wasn't possible :)

1 loadout seems glitched for me too, for the 3rd time all my attachments disappear from the primary n secondary for no reason. At least didn't mess up the camo, charm, stickers etc
    IW already stated they officially endorse and recommend you put it on your back.
        Which would be okay with me if it provided some movement speed penalty since it's the only thing you can use on your back that'll help you.  

Either that or make it so my launcher deflects bullets like the riot shield. But preferably the first thing.
            There is a weapon slot penalty right?
                Not if you use the overkill perk.
    Yeah i don’t think anyone complains or even cares when folks are actually using the shield lol
        The only time the shield is annoying is in s&d
            Eh it gets annoying across the board when it’s used in turtle shell mode, but obviously it’s gonna be more annoying in a mode with limited lives
        Nah, shield + throwing knife was broken in S&D.  They shouldn't even have brought the thing back, but considering they're apparently going to bring it back every year, the least they can do is nerf it into the ground.  Fuck the shield.
            Yeah everyone is upset they didn't address the problem of people having it on their back, but they aren't realizing the throwing knife with the shield was clearly bugged and only gave a single frame animation to try and kill the shield player. It was stupid and I'm glad that part is fixed.
    Yeah, I only use shield and knife. Will only be playing other titles . Fuck me for having fun and playing objectives I guess 🙃
        Same. Nerf overkill, not the shield itself for those that actually hold the fucking hard point/flag
            Seriously, 90% of my games are hard point, dom and HC. Other than that it was following my buddies around on shoothouse for their camp grinds.
            How does one nerf overkill?
        Honestly the knife is the biggest problem with the shield. Being able to hide behind the shield then instantly throw a pre aimed one hit kill knife is bullshit. Not sad to see you go even though I’m sure you will stay.
            Honestly seemed pretty balanced to me, alot easier to kill riot shielders in this game imo. And the throwing knife is also a bit slower once you throw it compared to other titles. If you ever tried to use the riot shield you'd notice it's not that easy. Sure it's annoying to fight them but there's alot of counters to it. I usually just spray the feet and they die 9/10 times unless they get me rounding a corner. With this patch it's actually unusable might aswell take it out of the game
                The throwing knife previously was a single frame animation, they fixed it. I was running into some pretty stupid riot shield and throwing knife player games recently. I'm glad they changed that, the rest of the changes to the shield seem pretty weird though. They did speed up the bash speed to mostly make up for it taking 3 hits though it's a little slower ttk, I think they were finding player movement speed was too slow to escape being hit twice before you could get out of the shields reach.
        ngl pretty hyped I don't gotta deal with u anymore
            Lord forbid you were challenged to adapt and overcome in a competitive video game 🙃
        The longer time to pull out the throwing knife is what is sending me over the edge. It already takes long enough. Most direct 1v1s end up both of us dead at the same time. Longer now to pull that out exposes the body too long.
            They’re catering to the loudest set of complainers and couldn’t even properly nerf it. RIP riot shield, ya served me well old friends
    This is deliberate. Anything that requires an ounce of skill must require 1000 ounces. Gotta make it easy for newbies.
    Not making excuses but the reason they haven’t fixed that is probably because everything is tied to your equipped weapon. Having movement stats change based on secondary weapon would be a major coding change. They are probably trying to fix as many bugs/issues as possible so they do the easier ones first.
    They want noob players to be able to exploit it still, so damn annoying!
    I bet community discord reaches IW devs like a game of telephone, and probably goes something like this:

1. Activision employee assigned to monitor community activities, "Hey boss, lots of people are complaining about riot shields on people's backs. Maybe we should nerf it?'
2. Supervisor write down, "Riot shields OP, need to nerf soon."
3. IW senior dev receive the previous memo and assigns the task of nerfing every aspect of the riot shield to a jr dev, or outsources it.
4. Jr dev does what he's told, and probably creates some new bugs along the way.
    My thoughts exactly. I understand call of duty is a shooter, but I do generally play melee, and after seeing this it’s clear this was done to *attempt* to satisfy everyone crying about melee. There are some valid issues like the drill charge, but the rest effects melee players, not really anyone else.
This was the absolute last problem with riot shields. What a strange nerf
    No nerf to movement speed while they're on your back, but they're less usable in real situations now. What a joke.
        Definitely a complete miss of the point.
            Classic IW
                between things like this, and not knowing perks weren't working in WZ2, it becomes more and more obvious they don't play their own game.     Over 95% of things wrong with this game could have been mitigated if they just had a regular player play the game once.
        [deleted]
            >They’re too busy pushing out bundles and counting cash

And we gave them  that cash. I think we're the fools here, lol  


edit: formatting
            can’t even fix shit correctly
                I know that they are and have been taking the piss for some time now. There is no way they make these changes seriously. I guess it just is funny to them that everyone will still play their game, outsell the previous one everytime and buy bundles on top of that, WHILE the game constantly crashes, is an unbalanced mess with no flow, horrible maps, SBMM and whatever else. Dont get me wrong it is fun when it works, but these kind of updates just show to me that they actively mock the players that actually pay attention to their stupid patch notes
                    i even took a two year break from the franchise

didn’t buy MW2 because of the name, bought it because i actually liked the 2019 MW

first CoD in 5+ years i thoroughly enjoyed, and they fucked me for it
                Exactly why I ain't spending $70 on a game I already played a decade ago
            And fixing any glitch that might be a positive for players .
        This is why I'm team just remove from game.


They clearly don't care about it balancing or working.
            They literally put out tactics for Shipment with tips to wear RS on your back. The back protection might be weirdly how they intended it to work.
                - tells people to wear shield on back to avoid being shot in the back

- makes kills from behind camo challenges for multiple guns and melee weapons

They're either idiots or assholes.
                    > They’re either idiots or assholes.

I think it’s both.
                Yet all of the camos are for it involve bopping people to death and many guns have kills from behind as a challenge, and feet shots dont count ime.  


It's very very stupid.
        Proof that IW live in their own world that is clearly detached from reality 😅
            ngl i hopped into shipment and died from the riot shield like 8 times in my first game lol. On every other map 3 hits is insane but it still works on that map... at least for people killing me it did.
        I was looking forward to using it, not anymore. Why would they do this when no one had a problem with that.
        I feel like they enjoy the riot shield on back meta or something. Only explanation for how they could mess it up this bad.
        People didn't use them as they were intended to begin with
            The people going for camos did. This only hurts the people doing what they're supposed to. It has no negative effects for spamming them on your back.
            I literally use it as intended. I use it to provide cover and hold objectives. With it being slower than pistol for melee kills before this nerf it took ages to get 40 kills just to be ready for Gold grind.
        It's probably way more complicated to reduce movement speed with your offhand gun, tbf. The game just wasn't made with that in mind, any change like that would take plenty of time and consideration
            Make a different change? I mean the game knows what secondary you have stowed, and clearly it’s coded to still block bullets in the off-hand.

     If (ShieldStowed){-5% MoveSpeed
I’m sure it’s not THAT simple but the idea is there.

Alternatively, they could re-work the kills from behind into another challenge, or even remove the shield or challenge from the game entirely if balancing is too much of an issue. 

It’s not that it’s too hard to fix, it’s that these companies would rather spend the time counting money from micro-transactions than actually dedicate that time to listening to the community and fixing their game.
    So it’s now only useful as a turtle shell.
        Exactly
    The devs either literally do not play the game, or are such bad players themselves that they let one bad (and preventable, if they weren’t such shit players) in-game experience dictate this change as revenge towards something only a rock-bottom player would find a problem with.

It’s a two hit *melee* weapon in an FPS with sub-second TTK speeds where the predominant use of that melee weapon is not as a primary, but as a passive secondary.

Perhaps they’re solely using data to drive decisions and they don’t have a way of tracking passive use in the secondary slot because they’re inept enough to think solely using data when making balance decisions is a good idea.

Unreal that they let the UX/UI team also balance the game
        And there's a challenge to land SIX bashes now in less than 10 seconds....TEN TIMES😂😂😂
            Honestly, as a bad player...I got it done in literally 2 matches of shipment. 

I get the flack on this nerfing..and I was concerned about the challenge. But it's still incredibly easy on a map like shipment or shoothouse.
                Shouldn't have to play shipment to do it. I was very happy to do it on normal maps, all we wanted was for them to take it away from overkill and fix the instant throwing knife because it just didn't flow right.
 Didn't ask for a movement penalty, didn't ask for it's damage to be brought down to nothing, didn't ask for it to be slammed into the ground. It felt like the community made some very very reasonable requests and IW just said "lmao here's a Santa skin and we ruined the riot shield because analytics determined it performed too well as a primary but please keep using overkill with it on your back so you can do better on shipment" because we haven't been complaining about the shield being on the back since the dawn of time. Sure.
    This is what happens when a bunch of crybabies whine about shit online. Entitled morons who can’t stand losing - ITS NOT FAIR!!! SHIELDS AREN’T FAIR!!!

Devs don’t understand the problem or how to fix it because they’re catering to idiots.
They did not think this through in the slightest. The kills from behind for polyatomic will be impossible unless the enemy is afk practically.
    This is really making me wanna not grind for polyatomic now, thanks devs....
        Just get 2 of the new guns platinum and you can avoid the knife and riot shield, will save you some sanity lol
            Knife sounds like fun to grind. Riot shield, miss me with that.
                They're both pretty fun actually, normally don't run them at all, but grinded platinum for both last week and it was actually pretty fun on shoothouse. But this 3 hit shit will make the riot shield fucking impossible.
                [deleted]
                    It'll take two hits in tier 1 now too. That doesn't sound much better.
                    That's why I always carry Drill charges. No escaping that.
            Yeah but really you would have to get all 4 of the new guns or else you’ll have to do all 4 launchers. I did the pila and rpg because my victus progression stopped tracking. But jokr double kills would be awful
                Jokr double kills should be doable now Shipment is here tbf, just aim at Hardpoint. You will get 15 eventually
                    I miss hardcore shipment from MW2019  where everything you do gets you a free kill, like i had so many killa just by throwing the snapshot grande at face of someone lol or just tossing a frag over the map on the spawn locations of enemy give you a popcorn 😂
                        Hardcore shoot the ship was my favorite time playing cod since I was in middle school
                Launcher camos are not hard at all. Worst thing is the poly challenge for double kills with the pila and strela, but literally just try using it as a primary for a couple games. You’ll get smoked for about 3 or 4 games and then will be playing in bot lobbies for the rest of it.
                    Platinum on the Strella was the worst for me. Took me forever to figure out how to somewhat consistently hit UAVs with them. Was practically begging for an enemy team that used CUAVs for the easier points.  

Double kills were a pain on it, too. Worst launcher imo. Idk what niche or role it's supposed to fill - the other three launchers are far superior.
                        Def the worst launcher, got it gold and it was a complete pain in the ass to do but probably gonna skip it and shield now (plat) for poly.
                        It seems like a useless launcher. AOE dmg is bad in comparison to PILA and RPG, in my experience I need to damn near direct hit to get a kill. Can someone confirm if it has more vehicles dmg to compensate?
                            Took me more than 6 shots with the Strella to down a VTOL with my team shooting at it. I want to say I down a VTOL in 4 or 5 with the PILA with no assistance. Strella is awful.
                                Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
                        Totally agree. It’s so weird how the rocket that seemingly has the fastest velocity has drop. Finally got it poly the other day and will never equip it again.
                        No lock on, slow reload, low explosive yield, low ammo count, slow movement... it's literally a meme weapon
                        I just moved on to other weapons for the Strela's camo challenges and worked on those until I got in a game with people running CUAVs. It's way easier to do passively while you're working on other weapons than to just hard focus it.

I was able to figure out how to do UAV kills by the end, but honestly, it was just too much effort.
            So if I'm understanding you don't need to get every single gun platinum for polyatomic? Just above a certain amount?
                Only 51 platinum challenges need to be completed for polyatomic. Same for Orion
            Does that actually work??
                Yes, I have the Victus XMR and M13 platinum and it’s counting towards the requirement for polyatomic. 47/51, just need to do launchers
            Bas-p didnt count for the platinum challenge for smgs, Idk if if that is the same for the other camos
        Tbf you can just skip the melee weapons entirely by doing an extra AR and Smg etc. you just need 51 platinums to unlock the Poly challenges so if you do the M13 and Bas-p for example then you will be fine.
    Will it be 2 shot in tier 1 now or still 1 shot I wonder
        Probably 2 because Tier 1 is 50 health. If it’s been nerfed to 3-hit in Core it must do between 34 and 49 damage. No way I’m touching this thing for camo challenges now
            I really hope they release a sword or something in season 2
            Yeah just wait for season 2, if they give us the same amount of weapons you will be able to skip both launchers and melees
    In MW19 there was an unspoken agreement between camo grinders that if a player was hiding in one of the Shipment containers with a riot shield, you would give them free kills from behind. Hopefully that comes back.
        I did not camp the vent on ~~Hackney Yard~~ Gun Runner with a shield for literal days just to find out people were giving free kills away on Shipment.
            Please tell me you were at least playing Hardcore
            It wasn’t often but every now and then you would get a good chunk from one or two kind people
        I’ve had this happen to me and paid it forward multiple times in the upstairs section of shit house
    Dude I got 10 kills with the riot shield in one game and all 10 counted as behind the back. Only like 4/10 were truly from behind. It’s insanely easy
    Do executions count as back kills just like back in mw2019?
Honestly, the main issue with Riot Shields is when they are ON THE BACK, specially since overkill is "cheap" to pick.

Aside from the throwing knife nerf (mixed feelings there), the other changes were unnecessary and the 3 hits to kill is absolutely the wrong thing to do.


Reduce movement speed mean nothing if it doesn't affect the player while the shield is on the back
    I already had a hard time chasing people to secure the 2nd bash when grinding out the kills. Idk how you’ll do it now.
        Tier 1 - Same as any mostly trash weapon. Maybe with shipment it won't be a pain in core IDK.
            Lol good luck not chucking your system trying to get 3 melees on someone in shipment. 100% needs to be done in tier 1
                Maybe but there will be a lot of people not on full health with the constant nades, flashes, just getting out of gun fights and all that.
                    FUCK YOU GREEDY LITTLE PIG BOY u/SPEZ, I NUKED MY 7 YEAR COMMENT HISTORY JUST FOR YOU -- mass edited with redact.dev
                        Sure but there is plenty of times you’ll get Naded but not kill the guy who did it. Or get shot but only get the assist. 

Just saying for the amount of random engagements you’ll get I still think Shipment would be a fine choice if Tier 1 bores you to tears
    All of this
    Idk I thought it was ridiculous if I was to start to throw a thermite at a riot shielder and somehow I would die to a throwing knife before the thermite would even leave my hand
Literally nerfing everything that didn’t need to be nerfed.

Hell this just enforces it to just use it passively on the back.

Honestly i’ve never seen a team so out of touch with it’s community before
    Just quit and don’t look back. Expecting IW to make good decisions is just gonna drive you to insanity.

Prime example being SBMM. After all these years they haven’t budged an inch or moved SBMM to a ranked mode despite mass community outcry. Zero compromise, zero communication, all the while some minor XP stun mine “exploit” gets hotfixed within mintutes.
        [deleted]
            Same lol
            What's crazy is not even ten years ago, even just a few enough vocal fans such as yourself and I, would be enough to incentivize this company to actually focus on their plan ahead. Nowadays, our opinions matter for shit, even if we did fork out the almost (and for some more than) $100 just to play the fucking game, because we aren't the top-buyers for stupid ass, unnecessary, greedily-priced cosmetic trash.
    Let me introduce you to 343 industries' ownership of Halo since they took over from Bungie in 2007.
A 3 hit kill? What the fuck?
    13 years of riot shields being 2 bump kills, and I’ve never seen a complaint about it once, and they change it to 3. 

So bizarre. 

Bumping is like the worst way to get kills with a shield as is. The strategy has always been to use the shield to get good positioning and get kills with lethal equipment or secondaries or give your teammates the kill shot. Melee was always the last resort and now it’s even harder?
        IW reinventing the wheel into square, seems like par for the fucking course from them now
        exactly
This is a horrible change. They nerfed what isn’t a big problem and didn’t touch the real issue: turtles. So riot shields are now useless to actually be used, its only use is on your back
    Ngl, I love playing with the riot shield so slowing down knife throws and bumping it to three hits just sucks the fun out of it.
        Takes the biggest benefit away from the throwing knife. May as well use thermites now, they were just as fast to throw on MW2019/WZ1 and they were arguably better
Good thing I got it plat already
    Polyatomic will be a nightmare though. What bot is going to keep his back to me for 3 consecutive hits.
        AFK kills which is just pure luck.
        getting 2 kills within 10 seconds of each other might actually be impossible for me with how ballistic my SBMM tier is
            I completely agree. I literally just got the knife and riot shield platinum this past weekend and the shield was painful. It’s going to be impossible now. I actually think they’ll wind up reversing this particular change sooner rather than later. It’s like they see people complaining about the riot shield but don’t read the rest of the critique where 98% of the time it’s people complaining about turtles. We went down this road in MW2019 and VG too so it’s not like it’s a new concept.
        Yup. This is near impossible now.
    i’m fucked i was waiting for shipment
        You don't need to plat the shield, you can substitute with new guns.
            Fuck I should have just done it.

Why would they increase it to three? That's so dumb.
            hmm good point actually
                Do throwing knives work if you have riot shield as primary? I know this was a great way of getting the knife gold in zombies in Vanguard.

Edit: spelling
                    Lethals like throwing knife only work for weapon EXP on th gun you have equipped (i levled my launchers by pretty much only using knife). Their kills do not count for the camo challenges. Those you have to do with the actual weapon.
                        Thanks for the info!!
            How so?
                You have to get 51 weapons to poly for Orion. It can be any weapon that is in the game, I believe.
                If the devs add more weapons into the game, that doesn't change the camo requirement for Orion which is to complete 51 polyatomic camos. For Polyatomic, the requirement is to complete 51 platinum weapon challenges.

If you don't want to get the riot shield to platinum, you could look into one of the newer weapons recently added to get to platinum instead. It should still count towards that 51 requirement.
                    I was gonna use the newer guns so I don't have to do the launchers
            That’s assuming they care enough to add another melee, no?
                I don't believe so. I think there is just a bare minimum of plats needed - category doesn't matter. If it does, I'm confident that they will add more melee weapons. They did so in 2019.
            But what if you *want* a plat shield
            I just got the shield and knife gold lmao
            Yeah but I was fine with using the shield before this nerf. I was looking forward to not using 2 snipers
                Right? I was preferring to do shield, knife, and RPGs over snipers with their 50m long shots...
        Just do it in tier 1, easy as fuck
            It’ll be a 2 hit kill in Tier 1 now lol
                Suboptimal
                Hopefully not.
            Is it still a one hit kill? Guess back to door camping for kills from behind.
How tf am I supposed to get polyatomic on this thing now?
    I’m in the same boat. I got the shield gold but have been leveling the knife for platinum melee. Now, I see I’ve just wasted my time. I’m absolutely not doing plat or poly with the riot shield being 3-hit.

Nope. I’m just going to level the M13 and BAS-P instead. Fuck this.
Double kills will be impossible now.
    Especially within 10 seconds 💀 rip those who have yet to get platinum
        I got it platinum, but now I have to consider throwing that time away when it comes to polyatomic :( kills from behind sounds hard af. I really wanted to skip the snipers too
They nerfed the one thing that wasn't an issue with the item in the first place. Our complaints were the throwing knife BS *(which they nerfed thank god)* and the fact that you can't see 90% of a players body if they got the shield on their back.

But no that would've made too much sense to nerf, let's just kill the damage output
    Genuine question because I don’t have a solution - how could/should/would they fix the shield-back issue?
        Most people have already said it, but allowing the shield to block damage on the back, but add a movement penalty so they’re slower when it’s stowed like that. The damage penalty for kills is unnecessary but I do think the knife throw nerf out of shield is good
            Or even, when you are in the equipment page, it shows the shield folded up, why not have it folded on the back?
            Do you get the impression they're unable/don't want to spend the time to make it slow you when on your back? Cuz that would explain a lot
                They could also prevent the shield from being selected if the class has the overkill perk on. Which, IMO, is the simplest and best solution since it doesn't impact anything else.
                    No. That's the logical solution, common now we need something creatively convoluted and less effective
        Make it like any other weapon when it's stowed so it doesn't block damage
            Or just make it an extractable shield like Montagne in  R6 kinda.
If its on the back it gets smaller and is retracted to the shoulders. If you pull it out it extends to normal size. That way its still useful but not OP
                That takes real work to redesign the shield, animate it, change player animations, etc. Would be far more simple to just turn off the magic bullet deflector.
                    I mean thats what I pay 60€ for right? For a new game with real work put into it?
                        lol not even close. You paid 60 for work to be done on Warzone and DMZ.
                            Yeah true tho. Sad world
            It should also slow movement speed no matter if it’s on your back or not.
        * Retractable i.e. doesn't block shots while stowed
* Significant movement nerf while on your back
* Cannot be stowed
* Cannot be equipped with overkill
        I agree with many that just hampering movement speed would go a long way.

Maybe armor-piercing rounds working would be a neat counter too, but that might hurt regular usage too much.
        Either make it retract, make it destroy moment speed or make it so you can only use secondaries with it.
        Movement speed penalty when stowed

Make it retractable 

Make them penetrable

Just a few options.
        Set it up that you can’t use Overkill with the shield. You can still use the shield on your back but only with secondary weapons.
        Could have it retract or something ao that it only covers above the stomach
        Honest to god I don't got a clue, I feel like a simple thing would be spreading the speed reduction to riot shields on the back. It's a tough situation, I just hate having to shoot at feet whenever I'm behind an enemy
        Make it so it doesn't stop bullets.
        Prevent it from being used with Overkill.
        I would not mind it one bit if they made it so that shields on back didn't block bullets. At least give us better front protection though. I'm an actual main riot shield user, none of that overkill shit.
three hits?! two hits was already a challenge to kill someone lmao. this is insane.
To anyone going for Orion: with the addition of the chimera today, you could skip getting platinum on the riot shield and just do 1 of the launchers that you think will be easiest to complete for you. Yes, you will still need all gold launchers. 

Ex. get platinum on ARs, BRs, SMGs, Shottys, Marksmans, Snipers, Knife, Pistols, any DLC gun, and all launchers… this should be good for the 51 platinums required for polyatomic.

Edit: yes, this will also still unlock the polyatomic challenge for the riot shield. You will just not have gold or platinum if you skip that part of the grind entirely. 

Edit 2: edited for clarity, sorry folks. 

Source: I got Orion without using the riot shield.
    Unfortunately it means gold on all launchers instead. I wanted to do shield + knife and 4 dlc guns to skip launchers. Oh well, might do launchers anyway I have them all level 11
        Couldn’t you just mix in one launcher? The RPG is a super easy choice to get gold. 40 kills and then 2 kills without dying 5 times, and that’s it
            To get platinum rpg you need all gold in the category
                Oh that makes sense. Sorry, I’m still recovering from the IQ drop after reading the shield nerf
    I'd rather had have to do riot shield and launchers over the rifles. 

Already having a tough time doing 38m longshots, nevermind fuckin 50m.
        Ground war/invasion seems like it'd be super easy for sniper longshots, have you tried that?
            Not for snipers yet, no. My experience in those modes has just been insta-kill from rooftop snipers. Then running all the way back to an ok location again
    Launchers are easy as fuck.
    Tbh launchers are pretty easy to get gold with, i only have javelin left but shipment will help just like in mw19.
    Wouldn't you still have to do two launchers plat? Because if you just do the knife gold then you wouldn't unlock the melee plat challenge
        I might’ve messed up my math tbh, but since there’s 4 DLC guns that’s means there’s 4 original weapons that you can choose to not grind.
As of right now camo challenges are bugged though.
    Thank you! You just redid my evening, you took away the thorn that I had on my foot
Well shit, this was the first game I was gonna try and get *all* the camos. I guess that’ll never happen now. I’m ass with riot shield already
    Me too lol, and I just leveled it up and was working through the 40 kills
Is gonna be impossible to unlock platinum on this mf
What the fuck fucking fuck
Who uses the shield on their back is actually trying to get kills with it????  


This literally punishes players who USE the Riot Shield in the game as their primary.  Slower throwing knife time too also sucks and makes running shield/knife/throwing knife in S&D next to useless now
    They honestly don't even know how to deal with it.  This nerfs nothing that people wanted nerfed and buffs nothing that shieldies want buffed.  


They could have INCREASED damage to like 98 and most people wouldn't have cared as long as they nerfed on the back movement
        I’m just shocked and not all surprised they didn’t address the drill charge issue
            It's a 2 fold issue AFAICT

1-the drill charge only drills into the player if you hit it where their arm is, so anything else doesn't cause drill damage.  

2- the explosive spits out, so if you run you can normally outrun the boom as long as it doesn't get spit out of the drill charge into you.  


They'd have to modify how the drill charge works.
    The throwing knife nerf is understandable, it was a bit too powerful. But a three hit kill melee is just incredibly stupid.
        I’m fine with the movement and speed of the knife will I guess depend in game. Probably will be less effective. 

The three hits rub me the wrong way mostly
Did they really nerf the most useless weapon in the game?

You players have to be a certain kind of brain dead to think this was necessary.
    People who couldn’t beat riot shields were the real trash players not the other way around
        You literally can’t shoot at anyone, your a sitting duck that can get killed in numerous ways that require no skill, and even if you do have the chance to kill someone, you’d require two hits in order to kill one player.
            No one is complaining about people using them as intended

People dont like the fact it can make you close to invunreable from behind or while prone. With close to zero drawbacks for using it. As the perk system doesnt really have much of a drawback to using overkill, unlike the old system
            Lots of cod players are complete garbage I guess. Shields are one of the easiest things to deal with cause they don’t shoot back. If you get killed by one that’s cause you rushed them like an idiot or got flanked which if they had a gun you would have died anyways
                People aren’t pissed about shield usage when it’s as intended. People are upset about players who always keep the shield stowed, so something like 75% of their silhouette is completely invulnerable from behind.

The same people who are complaining about shields are just as pissed about this bullshit nerf as anyone else. 

If you’re gonna be upset, be upset with IW, they dropped the ball.
        It's not that you can't beat them, it's more that it just slows down gameplay and is annoying to play against if you've used your lethals. I usually just turn around and go kill someone else
        That wasn’t the issue. One riot shielder isn’t the issue. When you play against teams running 3-5 shields in s&d, then that is a problem. The nerf was necessary
        Always hear people complain about riot shields when I'm in a lobby, and I'm here just jumping around them and shooting them in the back - it was an easy tactic in most situations. I really don't think this nerf was necessary. Fortunately I have plat on it already but getting Sub will be a pain
    [deleted]
        Well, they made sure that players will now not want to get the challenge camo’s
    [deleted]
        They reduced akimbo damage only
    Players weren’t braindead enough to ask for this, this is all on IWs lack of braincells. 

Players wanted turtling toned down, nobody asked for the shield itself to get nerfed.
Are you FUCKING kidding me? Tell me you don't play your own game without telling me you don't play your own game
3 hits was a nerf too far. More importantly though, is the camo fixed?
    Not being able to see it on their back?
        Yeah, the only reason I bother doing the riot camos tbh
I don’t even find riot shield players that big a deal it’s never like they go on big kill streaks. They usually get a kill or two then die and there’s plenty of counters just stick them with a lethal lol
All this does is absolutely screw over anyone actually trying to get the shield done, it does nothing to the nerds who run a shield on their back.
This community of sub 1.0 kids really cried so hard about riot shield they made it a 3 hit. It's always been a 2 hit.
    Wait, you think IW listens to the community? Not to mention I've never seen anyone complain about Riot Shields killing too fast. No one asked for this.
    kills from behind are going to be near impossible even in bot lobbys unless there afk
        Why melees from behind are not OHK is beyond mortal understanding
    Bruh, riot shield users are those 1.0 kids 🤣
Goddamnt. I run pure melee (no guns) this is rediculous. Thank god I already have gold on the shield, no way I’d be able to get it with 3 hits
    How do you intend to get platinum with the nerf? 2 kills in 10 seconds when more than half that time will be spent trying to get hits lol. Glad I finished platinum before this nerf but not sure I even want to attempt polyatomic on it now
    As a fellow melee-r, this did suck to see. I understand COD is a shooter but goodness this only effects those who use the shield for melee-style combat, and I think if someone is good at melee in COD, it’s well deserved.
        Yeah, the throwing knife thing is absolutely killer too. Gotta run fast hands to have the old throw speed, so now ya have one knife.
            Right?! It’s the only method of attack when blocking and I already loose most sniper showdowns in shoothouse as is… gunners have range, fire, rockets, drills, and 2 types of nades to deal with the shield, but no let’s reduce shielders options, that makes sense….
                For real, and I think a good throwing knife is as fair as a good snipe. Not everyone can dome an enemy that far with a knife so it’s not like it’s the most OP thing out there by a long shot. I’m just gonna be honest, most people aren’t that great and simply panic when they see a shield. I’ve faced several opponents who gave me a fair run for my money with their movement and equipment, and in the end, all was well. They respected good melee and I respected their counters. And to be even more honest, it’s so easy to kill shielders, whether they melee or have a gun. I think most people complain for the sake of complaining. There’d be no guns if every complaint was heard so why nerf melee when it’s really not the issue.
            So even with fast hands it’s slower (have been at work)? That’s rough 😭 throwing knife is my most kills at like 3500 🥲
Damn honestly shocked they nerfed them. If anything the riot shield was IW's ideal playstyle for the game.
    IWs ideal use case, turtling, is unchanged.

IW doesn’t like people being able to kill campers, which is what I mainly used the shield for.
    lmao.
This is just a lazy workaround
This is what happens when people complain about unnecessary things. All the problems with the game and this sub chose riot shields.
    Shields on backs is a serious issue, IW is just so braindead they nerfed the actual shield in use vs being on backs.

You shouldn’t be able to cover your entire ass almost with a magic impenetrable shield with zero downsides.
Well i am glad i already got gold with it. that thing is gonna be even more ass now
I knew I should’ve done the camo challenge 😭
This is why we can’t have nice things.
You literally don’t need the shield or knife to get Orion camo
    People still want 100% bro
The simple fix to the riot shield was to make armor piercing rounds penetrate them. Same goes for deployable cover.

It's armor piercing ammo, ffs.
[deleted]
    damn i didn't think about that, you're right lol

But what's the point when everyone exploited Emblems & Calling Cards :/

Players level 80 having Orion Jokr emblems and such, we know he don't got Orion nor got 1000 kills with that..
        🥲 a reminder I missed out on the glitch to unlock every calling card and apparently a glitch for emblems
            It's kind of lame that they didn't remove it from those who glitched them though.

It doesn't make sense to grind for it because people would look at you as another exploiter and not someone who done it legit.

It took away from the rarity of it, most people are using unreleased Emblems & Calling Card for prestiege 4/5 without even doing any challenges :/
Imagine not doing this for mw2019 but doing it for mw2022. If it was fine in 2019, it’s fine now. Idk who was complaining about the riot shield being OP. I reckoned mf’s only used it to get the camos. Dumbass Infinity Ward.
So yeah still useful as back control
Bring the weapons needed to get platinum to unlock polyatomic (and thusly Orion) to 50. Should never have included Riot shield in that anyway.
this has to be one of the dumbest nerfs ive ever seen
getting kills from behind with this will be painful
Here I was waiting for Shipment to get the shield over with. Without Hardcore this is going to be hell.....
Riot shields have been annoying In every cod but there's always been a way to deal with them, not once have I ever been like ahh man if they wouldn't have been using riot shields we would've won that game.
Dumb change
The only people crying about the shield are amateur players who should be playing pokémon.
GJ idiots from reddit. You cried about shield which was hard to play with and now it's almost impossible to get platinum. I thought this screen was a joke but it is from official patch notes. U noobs are a joke...
    For once this isn't Reddit's fault. I think the devs at IW are lacking brain cells.
    You really think iw or activision dgives 2 shits about cry baby reddit posts? Lmfao. The majority crying about them are no ones with zero social media presence.
    99% of complaints I've seen in-game and online about the riot shield are about its effectiveness when worn on your back.

You can't really blame "idiots from reddit" when they didn't listen to the most common complaint anyway man. 

It should've been left as is but nerf movement speed or something when worn on the back imo (which maybe is the case now based on the text, unsure), no clue why they hit it the way they did overall though.
[deleted]
At this point, why is it in the game?
Rip platinum (10x) (2 kills within 10 seconds)
Are we sure Bungie hasn’t taken over development? All these unnecessary patches and changes.
Fuuuuck me , should´ve finished the damn challenges.
I was planning to leave the melee stuff for last since I wanted to level every weapon first, but then with all the complaints about riot shields on reddit I foresaw the nerfs so I sped up getting plat on it and the knife. Fun fact, while doing it and standing on a hardpoint I literally got asked to "stop doing that". I was like "stop doing what, trying to win the game?". This community man..

Way to miss the whole point of riot shield complaints though, IW. The only thing you had to do is fix the bug not dying when stuck dead center with a drill charge sometimes, remove shields from  the overkill perk and maaaaybe small reduction to movement speed. You did literally nothing that would help the general problem with people sprinting faster than Usain Bolt with a turtle shell on his back.

That said, this total lack of grasp when it comes to the real problem isn't something new, especially considering the state this game released in, to be honest.
These people are absolute idiots
At least its not necesary to grind the riot, you can grind any dlc weapon and it will count. So i dont care that much.
I wish IW played their own game and didn't block themselves from every social media post about the game. They're so ignorant of their own game
Man I did not play this right at all. I thought they were going to come hard for ARs so I have been grinding those like crazy. Now I will never get the shield gold....FML. Thanks
This feels like a fuck you from the trash ass developers who think they know how to improve the enjoyment of a game.
This is so out of touch its crazy what the fuck
Remove it… it is just a meme weapon at this point and it would be a better game without it
I don't get why these nerfs were implemented. Riot shields weren't an issue before, why now? Keep a thermite in your inventory if your in WZ or DMZ or switch your load out to use thermite when you see an enemy spamming the shield and ruin their time. It's an easy counter.
Can we just release a game without them to begin with instead? Who asks for riot shields lol
Yeah 3 hit is a bit excessive, if it was just a longer delay between the 2 hits thatd be fine, but i mean melee with weapons may as well still be a one hit with how fast you can spam it, and the throwing knofe as lethal 1 hit
    There was nothing wrong with the hits, it literally was only about it being on the back
        Yeah if you manage to outplay me by actually bashing me with the shield cudos to you, since there is a lot of ways to counter an active shield. Having it on your back is what pisses people off; if you're prone you're now a much smaller target with no downside while still facing and being able to shoot. When running around it allows you to get away with BS positioning and avoiding getting rightfully killed right away, again with no downsides.
Jokes on you I already got plat 😎
    Good luck with poly. o7
        Don’t remind me 💀
Why the fuck are they going to nerf the riot shield? I swear these devs are the most incompetent, out of touch losers that the gaming industry has ever seen.
this isn’t even what we asked for WE ASKED FOR DRILL CHARGES AND SEMTEXES TO WORK. ALL WE NEEDED WAS FOR THEM TO DO THEIR JOB CORRECTLY WHICH WAS TO EXPLODE.

FUCK INFINITY WARD.
Nobody cares if you can 2 hit, it takes so long as it. We care that you can run 200 mph with one on your back and deflect damage from the back as well. 

I personally don't care that they can tank dmg in crouch, a simple footsie battle can be won or 3 different lethals do the trick.

I also think it takes "some" skill to land the knife, it's not consistent and not a problem.
    The thing about the shield throwing knife complaining that I don’t understand is your opponent has 1-2 throws max and then they have to run after their knives. 

If they’re nailing you with the knives first try every time they’re just good. If you can’t kill them while they’re running past you to get their knife/knives back you’re just bad. It was like this all of MW19 but now people complain and season 1 it’s changed?
Bruh ive died from a riot shield whacking me maybe twice.

edit: shipment has since made this statement false, 4 hit nerf pls xD
People get upset about run and gun. People get upset about camping. People get upset about riot shielders. 

Why the fuck does anyone play this game and then ask that every play style other than what they like get nerfed.
[deleted]
    More confirmation the devs are either mega bots or literally never play their own game.
I am dreading the polyatomic grind for this now.
    Just got gold with it this past weekend, but was waiting on shipment to go for plat, it’s gonna suck even more now.
        Yeahhh I'm definitely not doing plat now until they revert the damage nerf. Just got this gold last night and it made me wanna pull my hair out with it being 2 shots lmao
        As far as I know you can leave some weapons out and do the challenges with the update weapons that we have our will get in the future
            If I have been seeing someone else with a shield, I have turned around and let them kill me. Then raged when they haven't helped with my long shots lol
                LMAO
                    I know, so naive of me!
And so, another finger of the monkeys paw curls
Wow, that is bullshit. Why the riot shield
just remove it at this point lol
I've never even equipped a riot shield, and yet I still think this is fucking idiotic and lazy.
It was hard enough getting it plat but 3 hits is just sad for those who ACTUALLY use it
RIP theseknivesonly....
Well fuck me. I haven’t gotten even gotten it gold yet. The riot shield attack was never even the issue wtf.
    Hopefully its still a one shot in tier 1, it helped so much when I finally got to polyatomic.
Of all the tone deaf things they’ve done this might be the worst. Simply because it is as far in the opposite direction of what people said.
Has the riot shield really been this much of an issues for other players? I haven’t had any problems moving around and flanking them or shooting their feet when it’s on their back.

I really enjoy the challenge.

Hell it would be nice if you got more points and or experience for killing those with riot shields
Not the right nerf, not enough nerf

just remove them
Thank god I got my shield polyatomic yesterday… this is worse than Bo2 launcher triple kills
Thank God I already got Plat for it
aww hell no... i only have it gold so far 💀
IW is done man
Luckily I only have to do the polyatomic challenge still to do with the shield. But this absolutely sucks for players actually playing with it. I never had an issue with players actually using it and combining it with knife or pistol. Just like everyone else I hate when people overkill it and use it as a turtle shield which this nerf doesn’t address at all. Wtf?
Riot shields aren’t that bad. Just keep a drill charge, semtex, thermite or molotov. Three items that instantly defeat a shield user and one that gives you a solid opening to place a shot. 

I go up against shield users all the time with zero issue. Prepare better.
What’s everyone’s problems… the riot shield isn’t the problem it’s ttk and feeling like you need an extra half a second to react to actually be competitive.. so that’s why your mlg seats use them and then your potato friends follow because they think that’s what makes them good.. it’s that simple
Damn it! Knew I should have started grinding earlier!
    I feelllllll
Haha riot shields were free "stuck" kills. Why would they discourage people from using them?
I hate riot shields but that that is a insane nerf and sucks for all around game
Can a crossbow with explosive and thermite bolt. Be a great counter to it?
Thank god I got mine platinum before this
Well Im not touching the riot shield till/if this ever gets reverted, 3 hits to kill, absolutely got rid of my motivation to get mastery camos.
I don't think the issue with the shield was the damage. They should've kept it the same. Reducing the speed which you can switch to throwing a lethal would be fair tho
Lol I can’t even remember the last time I’ve gotten killed with a riot shield. And now it’s 3 hits!?!? 

Wtf are they smoking. The throwing knife thing I guess is fine. Makes us knifers be more careful when we throw.
Yknow as bad as it may seem the riot shield isnt that bad still, its a faster hit time and for 3 hits thats good, ill check out the swap speed with it soon (in a game)- the swap speed seems faster, when going shield to secondary.. i like it a lot i think this is a plus genuinely
Does this apply to warzone balance too or only MP?
Hahah sometimes I question myself if they are just there to troll us
Wait, wait, wait...? Why, though? Every game has always been 2 hit kills?
Did the entire riot shield in less than an hour on shipment it was suffering but surprisingly fast
Welp I'm never getting gold with the riot shield now, just 6 more kills away too
I get consistently knifed through the shield for fuck sake. Revert this garbage
God IW is so trash lmao
Lmao they nerfed my throwing knife play? Check YouTube TufferLevendLijk
IW wtf is this fucking dogshit again
Yea of course now that they’ve added shipment so it’s possible to do the riot shield they up it to 3 hits. I’m still grinding away but god damn this is trash
It should remain at 2.
The melee kill is the least annoying thing about riot shields. I despise having to run in front of someone to shoot them because it covers the entire back from head to ankle. Shots from behind have become unnecessarily annoying challenges. Pretty upset I waited to gold the riot shield
That’s why we have T1. Anyone who’s still not using T1 for camos is doubling the time it takes to get Orion
God this game is crap
It's true, I do hate the riot shield. My war game pet peeves begin with riot shields and crossbows, followed by clown vomit camo, zero penalty jump shots, and zappy zappy ammo mods that vaporize players or turn them into Tetris blocks. I would be content with all of these going away.

But I still want y'all to have fun, too. This is a pretty serious nerf and really doesn't seem fair. So far, I feel like shield players are generally beating me fair and square.
Yeah, shield bash damage wasn't a problem with it. Good luck getting double kills with a weapon like that.


Move speed is a weird change. People weren't complaining about when the shield was equipped, it was a suggested counter balance to the protection it provides on your back. It's the only weapon with a benefit while holstered, so it should also be be one that gives a drawback while holstered.
All I can think now is shoot/let em get shot (hopefully have a competent teammate) then melee 1-2 times if lucky
Bruh why nerf it the damn thing has needed a fucking big buff since luanch.
Is it even possible to get double kills with this anymore 3 hits is going to take ages and then you need to do it again, I think they might of bricked the camo challenge for this item
Could they atleast buff it to some degree like making the lunge distance further?

“I’d like to be whined and dinned before I get Fucked!”-Eric Cartman
A 2 hit kill shield has never been an issue. This is what bitching about it has done
I'm curious how they expect people to get kills from behind with this now. Lol... this nerf is yet another example of how out of touch IW are. They really are a trash dev studio.
I have Plat camo already. If I see any yall using a shield I'll give you free kills as long as you don't play like an ass
This is solely because streamers whine so much and make it a bigger issue than it really is
Nobody had a problem with it being a two hit kill there was no point to do this
Good riddance, IW and their stupid obsession with putting in this dumb meme shield in every game since MW2 should stop. The camo grind bit is almost irrelevant anyway, you can skip shield + knife right now and still get Orion with the new guns already in the game. Sucks if you wanted a cool knife skin though I guess lol? I just wish the nerf targeted people using it as back protection more than anything but oh well.
Just take the ability to wear it out of the game
Why even add it man. Thats so frustrating no one has said anything good about the riot shield ever
Today I did the platinum challenge for it (2 Kills within 10 seconds) on shipment. Took about 3 or 4 matches. While it is doable this is no longer a usable/viable weapon. I mean you'll probably kill faster with the butt of your gun than using the riot shield now. And the problem wasn't the shield it's the turtle issue. I honestly would of hoped the movement nerf effected your character when it's on their back but it doesn't seem to be the case. Just such a dumb nerf overall. 


The throwing knife nerf tho that one I understand
Well fuck me. I should’ve grinded that first. Goddammit
Change the camo requirements and im cool with it. Once I get Orion, I ain't touching it again.
Riot Sheilds aren't annoying because of the enemies. They are annoying because my own teammates block my shots and angles, constantly getting us all killed.
Its a shield, not an assault weapon
Good, running around w a fuckin riot shield is quite literally the dumbest thing in the world anyway
Man, this reminds me of debates I’d have with some of my friends back in the day. Half of us played Halo, half of us played CoD. CoD was supposed to be the more realistic one, and there was never any question about this.

But given that, even 3 hits to kill someone with a riot shield is quite silly. There should be no comparison between the shield and other weapons in the game. You’re not meleeing someone as a genetically engineered biological enhanced space marine several hundred years in the future, you’re just shoving a shield at someone as some dude.
 What sucks is, they fucked up this nerf so bad and will never admit it by “undoing” the nerf

3 hits is bs, the slower throwing knife is also shit. It’s so fun to have someone unload on your shield and whip them with the throwing knife when the reload or pull out a nade
All they had to do was make it so the riot shield wouldn't work with Overkill
I’m just pissed because I saved riot shield and launchers for last on the camo grind. Now that I’m on riot shield its nerfed. Why lol
If they’re keeping it like this at least make it 5 double kills and 5 2 kills without dying, I’m having trouble with the amount of times I get shot from behind on my second hit
Tell that to the people who have been breaking my neck with riot shields all day on shipment lmao
Isn't there a "get double kills" with the shield challenge? How do you do that now? Lmao
I don't know even with riot shields now taking three hits I still get destroyed by people with them
okay just came back from a shipment riot shield grind… it’s very possible still with three hits. just gotta have the balls to push with the shield
Impossible? Bro I dropped 58 kills with it earlier 😂
They nerfed the rot shield the wrong way. They need to make it so the riot shield on your back doesn’t make you invincible
Oh fuck off. I was saving riot shield camo grind for shipment and they make it near impossible. 

Fucking COD I swear to god.
This nerf was absolute garbage. How in the world is someone going to get 2 kills in 10 seconds with this thing now. AND nerfing the throwing knife speed is just a bad move. They've literally created a weapon that is used for sitting in a corner, getting shot at, with no way of attacking, then dying from it.
This was so unnecessary.. wtf…
So tired of this game. Like the two hit kill wasn’t the issue 🤦‍♂️

Same old story, same old cod. I’m on to other games
Further proof the devs don't play their own game.
They should just straight up remove it from the game. If you’re using it for anything other than camo challenges you’re just trying to be toxic
thats just pandering, shields were already the easiest thing to beat even without semtex and thermite
Upvote this post so they revert the changes and nerf it when it is on a players back. That was the only issue. They need to see this
Congrats guys, your skill issue bitching did it, you ruined yet another aspect of a game
There goes the one fun thing to do in this shit pile of a game.
Fuck shields! If you use shields, even your mom doesn't love you
Well, with that update, my fun play style of riot shield/RPG/throwing knife is ruined…
I’m glad they did this. Puts those who use riot shields in their place. Those tears taste delicious to me
    Riot shields are still going to be on everyone's back. You're missing the point here
Its ok, with this CoD a certain amount of weapons need to be platinum. So you can skip the shield, knife, and launchers if you plat all the new and upcoming weapons!
    Yes but they haven’t nerfed it where it really should have been: when it’s stowed on the back.

Instead they nerf it while it’s being used, they are this out of touch
    I get that but a huge chunk of us who actually go for the mastery camos every game want it for every weapon, not just the bare minimum.
    Oh really? Fuck it then! Thanks! I hate using all of
Those, I only did the knife to get the crimson camo
Just fucking take out the riot shield how about
The problem wasnt even that they killed in 2 hits wtf 


Literally who co.plained about that lmao
All they had to do was make riot shields susceptible to AP rounds
Fuck I should’ve gotten this platinum way sooner.
God this game is going to have a mediocre post launch with out of touch updates like this. They actually don't play their games lmao
Well there’s more weapons now so can’t u just grind a different one to get the the number u need to unlock all
It would be way better "reduced movement when it on the back". The biggest problem of riot shield as most gamer hate is spamming Riot Shield on the back and running around like stupid turtles.
jesus christ what the fuck infinityward what the FUCK????

i better grind out the camos on this piece of shit asap so i never have to touch it again. what a fucking insane idea
Uh, this just made it even worse to utilize or have fun with. Now I am glad to getting the Melee Camos to Platinum. I can ignore the Polyatomic camo completely. Reducing it's damage is pretty unthinkable. Hope all of you RS complainers are happy. All RS users now will never touch it unless it's Hardcore. Great job reducing a weapon class to just the knife for 24/7.
At this point idek why it’s in the game
Literally just make them penetrable using FMJ/armor-piercing rounds. That's all you need to do.
I'm a riot shielder, but the main way I get kills is throwing knives. I have over 2500 kills with throwing knives in mw2 so far. 

I've never complained about the throwing knife animation while using a shield before, because I felt it was a fair enough trade before. The moment I go to throw a knife the shield is just for show. You can shoot through it and kill me. My entire body becomes a hurtbox. I get it's an "arcade" shooter and they'd prolly break the game trying to make the shield still deflect while throwing at this point, but why would the animation now be slower? It was already such a large window to be punished if you just watch the frames. That's not even considering if I whiff, and am outright dead. Throwing knives are already slow. I'll be playing so campy now with claymores or c4. There's no reason to overpush and lose kill streaks.

After some more play really feels like the same issue I had with the ballistic knife in black ops. It had such an unintuitive hitch in the animation to actually use.
Amazing. Something that wasn't even OP to begin with gets nerfed into the fuckin dirt. Guess I'm not getting polyatomic now.
Well looks like I'm 100% just replacing the shield and knife with the new weapons that have been added. To unlock Polyatomic you just need to hit that mark of 51 Platinum weapons or whatever the number is. Can just replace the riot shield with one of them. If the knife is also required to have gold unlocked before u can unlock the plat challenge for the shield, then you skip the knife also.

The Chimera AR now makes a total of 4 new weapons added, so you can skip some of the weapons
Literally nobody wanted this lmao
I haven't done the riot shield yet, I hope they revert the 3 hit kill. 

As for movement speed I do think that should be a penalty as long as it slows down the people who use it as a crutch on their backs.
Just get rid of them, simple.
3 hit kill is insane, camo challenges will be quite difficult now
You guys wanted to wait for shipment, there’s consequences to that action 🗿
this is actually so off the mark it’s insulting 

we literally are just asking for a stupid shield to not negate 75% of the back hitbox
Or just get rid of it.
It's honestly incredible how much they missed the point with this one small but fundamental change
    they miss any and every point available they are so out of touch with every decision they make it almost feels like theyre doing it on purpose
        Being shit and way out if touch with balance patches: 

Overwatch 🤝 Infinitiy Ward
        They could not intentionally fuck up this badly if they tried, thats the magic. Bullshit your way through it and accept the bonuses when they come in.
        I was just talking to my friend today about how the only reason xp tokens count while in the lobbies is because the devs just fucking hate the players lol
            I don’t think the devs include this by choice, Actiblizz is just such a shit company that is fueled by nothing but profits and most likely forces them to include all of the shit like that. I also don’t even think Actiblizz hates us, I think they straight up don’t give a single shit about us which is honestly worse.
    is it really? How tone deaf have they been thus far and your surprised?
    Oh it's like all games. They know the problem, they just don't care.
    It’s like they got CoD fans working there or something.
This blows my mind. I don't even get why shield kills were the issue. In a game where everything can kill you in 200-300ms two shield hits already takes a huge time. And running after someone to get those shield kills (since every other weapon just runs faster) is brutal.

Who wants to just boost the camo's on this and never use it again with me?
    Launchers and riot shields on back should have 25% movement speed reduction they have when held as main
Edit: I want launcher speed cropped so they can get buffed
        As what feels like the only guy who plays anti tank in GW/Invasion, crippling the move speed with launchers is a bad idea. If I can’t get in and out of cover quickly to take shots on IFVs or tanks, then I’m kinda dead. 

If the argument is that they’re heavy so you should be slower universally, then this argument can also be applied to MGs, .50BMGs, etc.
            My anti-armor comrade! I feel this to my bones. Just about every match I have to switch to my anti-armor load out and stay there because no one else seems to want to do it. Oh, we’re losing locations left and right because a helicopter is constantly in the air dropping troops for support? Shoot the fucking thing out of the sky, problem solved! Enemy armor constantly harassing a location? Blow the fucking thing up! Problem solved. Sometimes I just want to play as an assault build or level other weapons, but noooo, I have to be the responsible one to play the objectives lol. I mean, it’s fun for me most of the time, but more people wanting to help can get old fast.
                No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
                    Yeah, sure, I’ll hit you up.
                What's weird is I have been playing BF2042 and people still just let tanks and helicopters run rampant instead of, you know, gearing up to counter them.
                    As a long-time battlefield player, I feel your pain as well
                No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
            [deleted]
                Shock stick or smokes to cover you, thermite, strela-P and munitions box is what you want. Fast Hands is super super worth it, too.
Thermite, shock, double/triple Strela to the back of the vehicle or the turret, resupply, and repeat. I find that the crew usually jump out after a critical hit or two, which seems to disable IFVs.

The ammo caches around the map will also resupply gear/rockets, so it’s worth hitting those up or sitting on them since they’re usually near objectives. 

A little bit of strategy/positioning goes a long, long way towards taking out vehicles.
            Drill charges work great against tanks in Invasion, as they kill the occupants but not the tank. You can kill them and then steal the tank.
                Negative. The vehicle must explode otherwise I cannot be satisfied.
            This. Add more realism while adding balance. Make LMGs have more piercing effect so maybe they nullify armor and perks like that and hit through walls
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                Launchers are already useless against killstreaks. 4+ RPG hits against a VTOL, while I can just magdump an LMG and take ti down in half the time. GG.

IDK who the hell though it would be a great idea to cripple launchers against streaks. Pila takes less hits (including the "flare" shot) than an RPG. AND THAT SHIT IS GUIDED. SMH
                    Shouldn't the PILA take fewer hits? It takes longer to shoot, longer to reload, and is *meant* for killstreaks -- the RPG is more anti-personnel.
                        Eh, but with an RPG you have slower travel time and the need to aim / lead a target. For balancing reasons it's pretty stupid that you basically need to die at least once to destroy a VTOL for example.

Strela-P? It literally says: "devastating against vehicles" in its description and you need 6(!!!!) hits on a VTOL to bring it down. It basically doesn't have any splash damage at all against personnel (redeeming quality of the RPG) and it's just a very weird decision. One that doesn't make sense at all. Launchers were balanced well in MW19 imo, I just don't get why they nerfed them this hard.
                            The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
                        It's the guided part that makes me disagree. It should at least be the same damage, seeing how it can hit other streaks the rpg cant.
                        I agree with your statement unless we are talking about the Border crossing map (I forget it's name) in MP. 
I launched Jokr missile about 30 seconds into a match and it detonated nine cars in the centre. 
Netted me 4 kills at the beginning and utterly demoralized the opposition.  😁
                    Went back to MW2019... dropped a fresh VTOL with two RPG's and a few rounds from a SMG... so nice to see it does actual damage to a plane!
                    I’m pretty sure you can free fire the Pila without a lock on. But if something flares the missile will still track the flare.
                    As someone who’s never used launchers, do you even spawn with 4 rpg rounds? I assumed it was like 1 maybe 2
                        You spawn with 2 and can get an additional one from Ammoboxes. 

So unless you restock twice or run over a launcher from a dead guy you need to die at least once. With Strela you need to die at least twice, even if you hit all shots
                Right! then no one will be shooting down anything as its a penalty to even have them on your back.. good thinking! 

Because launchers are sooooo over powered right?
                    And the fact that you don't even have enough ammo to shoot it down from the get go lol I have no idea how I managed to platinum mine
                        Trying to lock choppers is like choosing to go negative for the team.

It's probably better off packing a MG with incendiary ammo.
                            I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
        [removed]
        Sure, but make all launchers a 1 hit kill even when not a direct hit. And have the explosion radius that danger close used to provide. Only way you should be able to survive is with bomb squad, and a direct hit should still kill.
            For sure, I just think it should at least have grenade kill radius from point of impact
        that’s a horrible idea
        Hell no with launcher nerfs with the UAV spam in this game. Launchers are basically mandatory.
        The bad thing with Launchers is they are huge on your back and stick out which is already a disadvantage.
    Im in.
    Thank fuck I did it like a week after the game came out.
    I'm game, what time?
        3 hours from now. 1v1, Bog, meet at the destroyed tank.
    How do we boost camos I just got my shield gold gonna go for plat next. Also is it just me or poly camo got reset
    I just got Platinum (double kills) with the RS. Just played shipment and had to accept I was going to die 100000 times. 

Finished it quicker than I expected. 3-4 games. Got 1-2 a game, and one game with 4 double kills
    If you're serious, I'm down to boost. As someone who was a little late to the camo grind, this is fucking bogus. Should've just done it when it was easy smh.
[removed]
    It was fun trying to dodge the knives.. I manage to do it 0/7 times... alas..
        Well you won’t see many if any now, and if you do, well  as long as your not afk they aren’t hitting you.
        Lol exactly it takes skill to use them and they literally get one; it was balanced and their ONLY form of offense
            Yeah, I don't do the knife thing, but to me they are a very skill-use item. Even though I would curse the screen on them, this was a nerf I never expected or would care for.. there are definitely more balancing objectives then this..
are they actually braindead or
Also while telling players explicitly to turtle up.
Flashbacks to the beta when they asked for feedback… don’t think for a second they will change
Nah having it on the back was annoying at most but they nerfed the right thing. Just shoot their legs it’s not hard.
I seriously believe making Armor Piercing rounds penetrate the shield would have been enough of a nerf to make it viable. It makes people use a certain attachment to counter the shield but keeps it viable, and makes a level of sense.
No I completely disagree with you. Having something to prevent you from getting shot in the fucking back is absolutely fine. Go earn that kill. Don't just happen to pop out of a corner at a fortuitous time while I'm walking away. The shield guys who use a shield while they are facing you, wait for the animation of you pulling out a sticky grenade and then instantaneously spawn a knife into your throat...THAT'S some bullshit. I love this nerf.
The only weapon in the game that grants a passive defense buff when not being used.
"MAKE. THE. RIOT. SHIELD. INCOMPATIBLE. WITH. OVERKILL." -Players


"Make the riot shield a 3 hit kill? Gotcha." -IW
I think the best way to fix the riot shield on the back, is a slight redesign, make it a compact riot shield that sort of folds to just the black piece in the middle, at least that way the bulletproof part when on the back is a third of the size without impacting realism or usability when actually holding the shield. 

Could have a nice animation when equipping of it extending too. 

If anyone’s played siege it could work kind of like montagnes shield when unequipped and re-equipped.
Infinity Ward:

https://giphy.com/gifs/tobey-maguire-oW4csEbiMzVjq
I hadn't seen one person say shield carrying needs to be nerfed just when it's on the back lol.
~~They can be straight up incompetent at times.~~

Edit: They’re straight up incompetent.
    nah there's no way this shitty adjustment isn't straight up malice. They literally don't give a shit because they'd rather keep thinking of ways to sell you soccer player and st(r)eamer bundles
        Steamer bundles? What kind of steamer? Cleveland?
            Atleast it's not an Alabama hot pocket
                Lol I had to urban dictionary what that was 🤮
                    Yeah its something you don't forget lol
                Memories of a terrible Game Grumps episode of them discovering this and sharing with the world flooding back
        It’s good to see Messi murdering people and stabbing kids online tho. Probably good PR
            Honestly. I have to assume that the real soccer players had a big briefing with legal or something to talk about how they will probably see an uptick in negative sentiment towards them but purely from comments like "fuck Neymar man I hate him, always getting shot from behind by people with that skin" or "god I love killing Messi players, gives me joy that people who paid for a the bundle get fucked".
    > They ~~can~~ be straight up incompetent ~~at times~~.

There we go.
        Lmao I fixed it
    At times? You mean 90% of the time
    At times?  Don’t you mean to say they’re straight up incompetent?  Season 1 Reloaded is apparently live a little early and already people have issues using their loadouts. All of them are glitched out and all you can have is a 0 attachment M4 or a shotgun.
        I couldn't edit my loadouts except mid game for a while... It would just crash if I tried to access it in the menu. Yeah, not like stressful at all also having to guess attachments n ofc this also meant weapon tuning wasn't possible :)

1 loadout seems glitched for me too, for the 3rd time all my attachments disappear from the primary n secondary for no reason. At least didn't mess up the camo, charm, stickers etc
IW already stated they officially endorse and recommend you put it on your back.
    Which would be okay with me if it provided some movement speed penalty since it's the only thing you can use on your back that'll help you.  

Either that or make it so my launcher deflects bullets like the riot shield. But preferably the first thing.
        There is a weapon slot penalty right?
            Not if you use the overkill perk.
Yeah i don’t think anyone complains or even cares when folks are actually using the shield lol
    The only time the shield is annoying is in s&d
        Eh it gets annoying across the board when it’s used in turtle shell mode, but obviously it’s gonna be more annoying in a mode with limited lives
    Nah, shield + throwing knife was broken in S&D.  They shouldn't even have brought the thing back, but considering they're apparently going to bring it back every year, the least they can do is nerf it into the ground.  Fuck the shield.
        Yeah everyone is upset they didn't address the problem of people having it on their back, but they aren't realizing the throwing knife with the shield was clearly bugged and only gave a single frame animation to try and kill the shield player. It was stupid and I'm glad that part is fixed.
Yeah, I only use shield and knife. Will only be playing other titles . Fuck me for having fun and playing objectives I guess 🙃
    Same. Nerf overkill, not the shield itself for those that actually hold the fucking hard point/flag
        Seriously, 90% of my games are hard point, dom and HC. Other than that it was following my buddies around on shoothouse for their camp grinds.
        How does one nerf overkill?
    Honestly the knife is the biggest problem with the shield. Being able to hide behind the shield then instantly throw a pre aimed one hit kill knife is bullshit. Not sad to see you go even though I’m sure you will stay.
        Honestly seemed pretty balanced to me, alot easier to kill riot shielders in this game imo. And the throwing knife is also a bit slower once you throw it compared to other titles. If you ever tried to use the riot shield you'd notice it's not that easy. Sure it's annoying to fight them but there's alot of counters to it. I usually just spray the feet and they die 9/10 times unless they get me rounding a corner. With this patch it's actually unusable might aswell take it out of the game
            The throwing knife previously was a single frame animation, they fixed it. I was running into some pretty stupid riot shield and throwing knife player games recently. I'm glad they changed that, the rest of the changes to the shield seem pretty weird though. They did speed up the bash speed to mostly make up for it taking 3 hits though it's a little slower ttk, I think they were finding player movement speed was too slow to escape being hit twice before you could get out of the shields reach.
    ngl pretty hyped I don't gotta deal with u anymore
        Lord forbid you were challenged to adapt and overcome in a competitive video game 🙃
    The longer time to pull out the throwing knife is what is sending me over the edge. It already takes long enough. Most direct 1v1s end up both of us dead at the same time. Longer now to pull that out exposes the body too long.
        They’re catering to the loudest set of complainers and couldn’t even properly nerf it. RIP riot shield, ya served me well old friends
This is deliberate. Anything that requires an ounce of skill must require 1000 ounces. Gotta make it easy for newbies.
Not making excuses but the reason they haven’t fixed that is probably because everything is tied to your equipped weapon. Having movement stats change based on secondary weapon would be a major coding change. They are probably trying to fix as many bugs/issues as possible so they do the easier ones first.
They want noob players to be able to exploit it still, so damn annoying!
I bet community discord reaches IW devs like a game of telephone, and probably goes something like this:

1. Activision employee assigned to monitor community activities, "Hey boss, lots of people are complaining about riot shields on people's backs. Maybe we should nerf it?'
2. Supervisor write down, "Riot shields OP, need to nerf soon."
3. IW senior dev receive the previous memo and assigns the task of nerfing every aspect of the riot shield to a jr dev, or outsources it.
4. Jr dev does what he's told, and probably creates some new bugs along the way.
My thoughts exactly. I understand call of duty is a shooter, but I do generally play melee, and after seeing this it’s clear this was done to *attempt* to satisfy everyone crying about melee. There are some valid issues like the drill charge, but the rest effects melee players, not really anyone else.
No nerf to movement speed while they're on your back, but they're less usable in real situations now. What a joke.
    Definitely a complete miss of the point.
        Classic IW
            between things like this, and not knowing perks weren't working in WZ2, it becomes more and more obvious they don't play their own game.     Over 95% of things wrong with this game could have been mitigated if they just had a regular player play the game once.
    [deleted]
        >They’re too busy pushing out bundles and counting cash

And we gave them  that cash. I think we're the fools here, lol  


edit: formatting
        can’t even fix shit correctly
            I know that they are and have been taking the piss for some time now. There is no way they make these changes seriously. I guess it just is funny to them that everyone will still play their game, outsell the previous one everytime and buy bundles on top of that, WHILE the game constantly crashes, is an unbalanced mess with no flow, horrible maps, SBMM and whatever else. Dont get me wrong it is fun when it works, but these kind of updates just show to me that they actively mock the players that actually pay attention to their stupid patch notes
                i even took a two year break from the franchise

didn’t buy MW2 because of the name, bought it because i actually liked the 2019 MW

first CoD in 5+ years i thoroughly enjoyed, and they fucked me for it
            Exactly why I ain't spending $70 on a game I already played a decade ago
        And fixing any glitch that might be a positive for players .
    This is why I'm team just remove from game.


They clearly don't care about it balancing or working.
        They literally put out tactics for Shipment with tips to wear RS on your back. The back protection might be weirdly how they intended it to work.
            - tells people to wear shield on back to avoid being shot in the back

- makes kills from behind camo challenges for multiple guns and melee weapons

They're either idiots or assholes.
                > They’re either idiots or assholes.

I think it’s both.
            Yet all of the camos are for it involve bopping people to death and many guns have kills from behind as a challenge, and feet shots dont count ime.  


It's very very stupid.
    Proof that IW live in their own world that is clearly detached from reality 😅
        ngl i hopped into shipment and died from the riot shield like 8 times in my first game lol. On every other map 3 hits is insane but it still works on that map... at least for people killing me it did.
    I was looking forward to using it, not anymore. Why would they do this when no one had a problem with that.
    I feel like they enjoy the riot shield on back meta or something. Only explanation for how they could mess it up this bad.
    People didn't use them as they were intended to begin with
        The people going for camos did. This only hurts the people doing what they're supposed to. It has no negative effects for spamming them on your back.
        I literally use it as intended. I use it to provide cover and hold objectives. With it being slower than pistol for melee kills before this nerf it took ages to get 40 kills just to be ready for Gold grind.
    It's probably way more complicated to reduce movement speed with your offhand gun, tbf. The game just wasn't made with that in mind, any change like that would take plenty of time and consideration
        Make a different change? I mean the game knows what secondary you have stowed, and clearly it’s coded to still block bullets in the off-hand.

     If (ShieldStowed){-5% MoveSpeed
I’m sure it’s not THAT simple but the idea is there.

Alternatively, they could re-work the kills from behind into another challenge, or even remove the shield or challenge from the game entirely if balancing is too much of an issue. 

It’s not that it’s too hard to fix, it’s that these companies would rather spend the time counting money from micro-transactions than actually dedicate that time to listening to the community and fixing their game.
So it’s now only useful as a turtle shell.
    Exactly
The devs either literally do not play the game, or are such bad players themselves that they let one bad (and preventable, if they weren’t such shit players) in-game experience dictate this change as revenge towards something only a rock-bottom player would find a problem with.

It’s a two hit *melee* weapon in an FPS with sub-second TTK speeds where the predominant use of that melee weapon is not as a primary, but as a passive secondary.

Perhaps they’re solely using data to drive decisions and they don’t have a way of tracking passive use in the secondary slot because they’re inept enough to think solely using data when making balance decisions is a good idea.

Unreal that they let the UX/UI team also balance the game
    And there's a challenge to land SIX bashes now in less than 10 seconds....TEN TIMES😂😂😂
        Honestly, as a bad player...I got it done in literally 2 matches of shipment. 

I get the flack on this nerfing..and I was concerned about the challenge. But it's still incredibly easy on a map like shipment or shoothouse.
            Shouldn't have to play shipment to do it. I was very happy to do it on normal maps, all we wanted was for them to take it away from overkill and fix the instant throwing knife because it just didn't flow right.
 Didn't ask for a movement penalty, didn't ask for it's damage to be brought down to nothing, didn't ask for it to be slammed into the ground. It felt like the community made some very very reasonable requests and IW just said "lmao here's a Santa skin and we ruined the riot shield because analytics determined it performed too well as a primary but please keep using overkill with it on your back so you can do better on shipment" because we haven't been complaining about the shield being on the back since the dawn of time. Sure.
This is what happens when a bunch of crybabies whine about shit online. Entitled morons who can’t stand losing - ITS NOT FAIR!!! SHIELDS AREN’T FAIR!!!

Devs don’t understand the problem or how to fix it because they’re catering to idiots.
This is really making me wanna not grind for polyatomic now, thanks devs....
    Just get 2 of the new guns platinum and you can avoid the knife and riot shield, will save you some sanity lol
        Knife sounds like fun to grind. Riot shield, miss me with that.
            They're both pretty fun actually, normally don't run them at all, but grinded platinum for both last week and it was actually pretty fun on shoothouse. But this 3 hit shit will make the riot shield fucking impossible.
            [deleted]
                It'll take two hits in tier 1 now too. That doesn't sound much better.
                That's why I always carry Drill charges. No escaping that.
        Yeah but really you would have to get all 4 of the new guns or else you’ll have to do all 4 launchers. I did the pila and rpg because my victus progression stopped tracking. But jokr double kills would be awful
            Jokr double kills should be doable now Shipment is here tbf, just aim at Hardpoint. You will get 15 eventually
                I miss hardcore shipment from MW2019  where everything you do gets you a free kill, like i had so many killa just by throwing the snapshot grande at face of someone lol or just tossing a frag over the map on the spawn locations of enemy give you a popcorn 😂
                    Hardcore shoot the ship was my favorite time playing cod since I was in middle school
            Launcher camos are not hard at all. Worst thing is the poly challenge for double kills with the pila and strela, but literally just try using it as a primary for a couple games. You’ll get smoked for about 3 or 4 games and then will be playing in bot lobbies for the rest of it.
                Platinum on the Strella was the worst for me. Took me forever to figure out how to somewhat consistently hit UAVs with them. Was practically begging for an enemy team that used CUAVs for the easier points.  

Double kills were a pain on it, too. Worst launcher imo. Idk what niche or role it's supposed to fill - the other three launchers are far superior.
                    Def the worst launcher, got it gold and it was a complete pain in the ass to do but probably gonna skip it and shield now (plat) for poly.
                    It seems like a useless launcher. AOE dmg is bad in comparison to PILA and RPG, in my experience I need to damn near direct hit to get a kill. Can someone confirm if it has more vehicles dmg to compensate?
                        Took me more than 6 shots with the Strella to down a VTOL with my team shooting at it. I want to say I down a VTOL in 4 or 5 with the PILA with no assistance. Strella is awful.
                            Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
                    Totally agree. It’s so weird how the rocket that seemingly has the fastest velocity has drop. Finally got it poly the other day and will never equip it again.
                    No lock on, slow reload, low explosive yield, low ammo count, slow movement... it's literally a meme weapon
                    I just moved on to other weapons for the Strela's camo challenges and worked on those until I got in a game with people running CUAVs. It's way easier to do passively while you're working on other weapons than to just hard focus it.

I was able to figure out how to do UAV kills by the end, but honestly, it was just too much effort.
        So if I'm understanding you don't need to get every single gun platinum for polyatomic? Just above a certain amount?
            Only 51 platinum challenges need to be completed for polyatomic. Same for Orion
        Does that actually work??
            Yes, I have the Victus XMR and M13 platinum and it’s counting towards the requirement for polyatomic. 47/51, just need to do launchers
        Bas-p didnt count for the platinum challenge for smgs, Idk if if that is the same for the other camos
    Tbf you can just skip the melee weapons entirely by doing an extra AR and Smg etc. you just need 51 platinums to unlock the Poly challenges so if you do the M13 and Bas-p for example then you will be fine.
Will it be 2 shot in tier 1 now or still 1 shot I wonder
    Probably 2 because Tier 1 is 50 health. If it’s been nerfed to 3-hit in Core it must do between 34 and 49 damage. No way I’m touching this thing for camo challenges now
        I really hope they release a sword or something in season 2
        Yeah just wait for season 2, if they give us the same amount of weapons you will be able to skip both launchers and melees
In MW19 there was an unspoken agreement between camo grinders that if a player was hiding in one of the Shipment containers with a riot shield, you would give them free kills from behind. Hopefully that comes back.
    I did not camp the vent on ~~Hackney Yard~~ Gun Runner with a shield for literal days just to find out people were giving free kills away on Shipment.
        Please tell me you were at least playing Hardcore
        It wasn’t often but every now and then you would get a good chunk from one or two kind people
    I’ve had this happen to me and paid it forward multiple times in the upstairs section of shit house
Dude I got 10 kills with the riot shield in one game and all 10 counted as behind the back. Only like 4/10 were truly from behind. It’s insanely easy
Do executions count as back kills just like back in mw2019?
I already had a hard time chasing people to secure the 2nd bash when grinding out the kills. Idk how you’ll do it now.
    Tier 1 - Same as any mostly trash weapon. Maybe with shipment it won't be a pain in core IDK.
        Lol good luck not chucking your system trying to get 3 melees on someone in shipment. 100% needs to be done in tier 1
            Maybe but there will be a lot of people not on full health with the constant nades, flashes, just getting out of gun fights and all that.
                FUCK YOU GREEDY LITTLE PIG BOY u/SPEZ, I NUKED MY 7 YEAR COMMENT HISTORY JUST FOR YOU -- mass edited with redact.dev
                    Sure but there is plenty of times you’ll get Naded but not kill the guy who did it. Or get shot but only get the assist. 

Just saying for the amount of random engagements you’ll get I still think Shipment would be a fine choice if Tier 1 bores you to tears
All of this
Idk I thought it was ridiculous if I was to start to throw a thermite at a riot shielder and somehow I would die to a throwing knife before the thermite would even leave my hand
Just quit and don’t look back. Expecting IW to make good decisions is just gonna drive you to insanity.

Prime example being SBMM. After all these years they haven’t budged an inch or moved SBMM to a ranked mode despite mass community outcry. Zero compromise, zero communication, all the while some minor XP stun mine “exploit” gets hotfixed within mintutes.
    [deleted]
        Same lol
        What's crazy is not even ten years ago, even just a few enough vocal fans such as yourself and I, would be enough to incentivize this company to actually focus on their plan ahead. Nowadays, our opinions matter for shit, even if we did fork out the almost (and for some more than) $100 just to play the fucking game, because we aren't the top-buyers for stupid ass, unnecessary, greedily-priced cosmetic trash.
Let me introduce you to 343 industries' ownership of Halo since they took over from Bungie in 2007.
13 years of riot shields being 2 bump kills, and I’ve never seen a complaint about it once, and they change it to 3. 

So bizarre. 

Bumping is like the worst way to get kills with a shield as is. The strategy has always been to use the shield to get good positioning and get kills with lethal equipment or secondaries or give your teammates the kill shot. Melee was always the last resort and now it’s even harder?
    IW reinventing the wheel into square, seems like par for the fucking course from them now
    exactly
Ngl, I love playing with the riot shield so slowing down knife throws and bumping it to three hits just sucks the fun out of it.
    Takes the biggest benefit away from the throwing knife. May as well use thermites now, they were just as fast to throw on MW2019/WZ1 and they were arguably better
Polyatomic will be a nightmare though. What bot is going to keep his back to me for 3 consecutive hits.
    AFK kills which is just pure luck.
    getting 2 kills within 10 seconds of each other might actually be impossible for me with how ballistic my SBMM tier is
        I completely agree. I literally just got the knife and riot shield platinum this past weekend and the shield was painful. It’s going to be impossible now. I actually think they’ll wind up reversing this particular change sooner rather than later. It’s like they see people complaining about the riot shield but don’t read the rest of the critique where 98% of the time it’s people complaining about turtles. We went down this road in MW2019 and VG too so it’s not like it’s a new concept.
    Yup. This is near impossible now.
i’m fucked i was waiting for shipment
    You don't need to plat the shield, you can substitute with new guns.
        Fuck I should have just done it.

Why would they increase it to three? That's so dumb.
        hmm good point actually
            Do throwing knives work if you have riot shield as primary? I know this was a great way of getting the knife gold in zombies in Vanguard.

Edit: spelling
                Lethals like throwing knife only work for weapon EXP on th gun you have equipped (i levled my launchers by pretty much only using knife). Their kills do not count for the camo challenges. Those you have to do with the actual weapon.
                    Thanks for the info!!
        How so?
            You have to get 51 weapons to poly for Orion. It can be any weapon that is in the game, I believe.
            If the devs add more weapons into the game, that doesn't change the camo requirement for Orion which is to complete 51 polyatomic camos. For Polyatomic, the requirement is to complete 51 platinum weapon challenges.

If you don't want to get the riot shield to platinum, you could look into one of the newer weapons recently added to get to platinum instead. It should still count towards that 51 requirement.
                I was gonna use the newer guns so I don't have to do the launchers
        That’s assuming they care enough to add another melee, no?
            I don't believe so. I think there is just a bare minimum of plats needed - category doesn't matter. If it does, I'm confident that they will add more melee weapons. They did so in 2019.
        But what if you *want* a plat shield
        I just got the shield and knife gold lmao
        Yeah but I was fine with using the shield before this nerf. I was looking forward to not using 2 snipers
            Right? I was preferring to do shield, knife, and RPGs over snipers with their 50m long shots...
    Just do it in tier 1, easy as fuck
        It’ll be a 2 hit kill in Tier 1 now lol
            Suboptimal
            Hopefully not.
        Is it still a one hit kill? Guess back to door camping for kills from behind.
I’m in the same boat. I got the shield gold but have been leveling the knife for platinum melee. Now, I see I’ve just wasted my time. I’m absolutely not doing plat or poly with the riot shield being 3-hit.

Nope. I’m just going to level the M13 and BAS-P instead. Fuck this.
Especially within 10 seconds 💀 rip those who have yet to get platinum
    I got it platinum, but now I have to consider throwing that time away when it comes to polyatomic :( kills from behind sounds hard af. I really wanted to skip the snipers too
Genuine question because I don’t have a solution - how could/should/would they fix the shield-back issue?
    Most people have already said it, but allowing the shield to block damage on the back, but add a movement penalty so they’re slower when it’s stowed like that. The damage penalty for kills is unnecessary but I do think the knife throw nerf out of shield is good
        Or even, when you are in the equipment page, it shows the shield folded up, why not have it folded on the back?
        Do you get the impression they're unable/don't want to spend the time to make it slow you when on your back? Cuz that would explain a lot
            They could also prevent the shield from being selected if the class has the overkill perk on. Which, IMO, is the simplest and best solution since it doesn't impact anything else.
                No. That's the logical solution, common now we need something creatively convoluted and less effective
    Make it like any other weapon when it's stowed so it doesn't block damage
        Or just make it an extractable shield like Montagne in  R6 kinda.
If its on the back it gets smaller and is retracted to the shoulders. If you pull it out it extends to normal size. That way its still useful but not OP
            That takes real work to redesign the shield, animate it, change player animations, etc. Would be far more simple to just turn off the magic bullet deflector.
                I mean thats what I pay 60€ for right? For a new game with real work put into it?
                    lol not even close. You paid 60 for work to be done on Warzone and DMZ.
                        Yeah true tho. Sad world
        It should also slow movement speed no matter if it’s on your back or not.
    * Retractable i.e. doesn't block shots while stowed
* Significant movement nerf while on your back
* Cannot be stowed
* Cannot be equipped with overkill
    I agree with many that just hampering movement speed would go a long way.

Maybe armor-piercing rounds working would be a neat counter too, but that might hurt regular usage too much.
    Either make it retract, make it destroy moment speed or make it so you can only use secondaries with it.
    Movement speed penalty when stowed

Make it retractable 

Make them penetrable

Just a few options.
    Set it up that you can’t use Overkill with the shield. You can still use the shield on your back but only with secondary weapons.
    Could have it retract or something ao that it only covers above the stomach
    Honest to god I don't got a clue, I feel like a simple thing would be spreading the speed reduction to riot shields on the back. It's a tough situation, I just hate having to shoot at feet whenever I'm behind an enemy
    Make it so it doesn't stop bullets.
    Prevent it from being used with Overkill.
    I would not mind it one bit if they made it so that shields on back didn't block bullets. At least give us better front protection though. I'm an actual main riot shield user, none of that overkill shit.
Unfortunately it means gold on all launchers instead. I wanted to do shield + knife and 4 dlc guns to skip launchers. Oh well, might do launchers anyway I have them all level 11
    Couldn’t you just mix in one launcher? The RPG is a super easy choice to get gold. 40 kills and then 2 kills without dying 5 times, and that’s it
        To get platinum rpg you need all gold in the category
            Oh that makes sense. Sorry, I’m still recovering from the IQ drop after reading the shield nerf
I'd rather had have to do riot shield and launchers over the rifles. 

Already having a tough time doing 38m longshots, nevermind fuckin 50m.
    Ground war/invasion seems like it'd be super easy for sniper longshots, have you tried that?
        Not for snipers yet, no. My experience in those modes has just been insta-kill from rooftop snipers. Then running all the way back to an ok location again
Launchers are easy as fuck.
Tbh launchers are pretty easy to get gold with, i only have javelin left but shipment will help just like in mw19.
Wouldn't you still have to do two launchers plat? Because if you just do the knife gold then you wouldn't unlock the melee plat challenge
    I might’ve messed up my math tbh, but since there’s 4 DLC guns that’s means there’s 4 original weapons that you can choose to not grind.
As of right now camo challenges are bugged though.
Thank you! You just redid my evening, you took away the thorn that I had on my foot
Me too lol, and I just leveled it up and was working through the 40 kills
They honestly don't even know how to deal with it.  This nerfs nothing that people wanted nerfed and buffs nothing that shieldies want buffed.  


They could have INCREASED damage to like 98 and most people wouldn't have cared as long as they nerfed on the back movement
    I’m just shocked and not all surprised they didn’t address the drill charge issue
        It's a 2 fold issue AFAICT

1-the drill charge only drills into the player if you hit it where their arm is, so anything else doesn't cause drill damage.  

2- the explosive spits out, so if you run you can normally outrun the boom as long as it doesn't get spit out of the drill charge into you.  


They'd have to modify how the drill charge works.
The throwing knife nerf is understandable, it was a bit too powerful. But a three hit kill melee is just incredibly stupid.
    I’m fine with the movement and speed of the knife will I guess depend in game. Probably will be less effective. 

The three hits rub me the wrong way mostly
People who couldn’t beat riot shields were the real trash players not the other way around
    You literally can’t shoot at anyone, your a sitting duck that can get killed in numerous ways that require no skill, and even if you do have the chance to kill someone, you’d require two hits in order to kill one player.
        No one is complaining about people using them as intended

People dont like the fact it can make you close to invunreable from behind or while prone. With close to zero drawbacks for using it. As the perk system doesnt really have much of a drawback to using overkill, unlike the old system
        Lots of cod players are complete garbage I guess. Shields are one of the easiest things to deal with cause they don’t shoot back. If you get killed by one that’s cause you rushed them like an idiot or got flanked which if they had a gun you would have died anyways
            People aren’t pissed about shield usage when it’s as intended. People are upset about players who always keep the shield stowed, so something like 75% of their silhouette is completely invulnerable from behind.

The same people who are complaining about shields are just as pissed about this bullshit nerf as anyone else. 

If you’re gonna be upset, be upset with IW, they dropped the ball.
    It's not that you can't beat them, it's more that it just slows down gameplay and is annoying to play against if you've used your lethals. I usually just turn around and go kill someone else
    That wasn’t the issue. One riot shielder isn’t the issue. When you play against teams running 3-5 shields in s&d, then that is a problem. The nerf was necessary
    Always hear people complain about riot shields when I'm in a lobby, and I'm here just jumping around them and shooting them in the back - it was an easy tactic in most situations. I really don't think this nerf was necessary. Fortunately I have plat on it already but getting Sub will be a pain
[deleted]
    Well, they made sure that players will now not want to get the challenge camo’s
[deleted]
    They reduced akimbo damage only
Players weren’t braindead enough to ask for this, this is all on IWs lack of braincells. 

Players wanted turtling toned down, nobody asked for the shield itself to get nerfed.
Not being able to see it on their back?
    Yeah, the only reason I bother doing the riot camos tbh
Wait, you think IW listens to the community? Not to mention I've never seen anyone complain about Riot Shields killing too fast. No one asked for this.
kills from behind are going to be near impossible even in bot lobbys unless there afk
    Why melees from behind are not OHK is beyond mortal understanding
Bruh, riot shield users are those 1.0 kids 🤣
How do you intend to get platinum with the nerf? 2 kills in 10 seconds when more than half that time will be spent trying to get hits lol. Glad I finished platinum before this nerf but not sure I even want to attempt polyatomic on it now
As a fellow melee-r, this did suck to see. I understand COD is a shooter but goodness this only effects those who use the shield for melee-style combat, and I think if someone is good at melee in COD, it’s well deserved.
    Yeah, the throwing knife thing is absolutely killer too. Gotta run fast hands to have the old throw speed, so now ya have one knife.
        Right?! It’s the only method of attack when blocking and I already loose most sniper showdowns in shoothouse as is… gunners have range, fire, rockets, drills, and 2 types of nades to deal with the shield, but no let’s reduce shielders options, that makes sense….
            For real, and I think a good throwing knife is as fair as a good snipe. Not everyone can dome an enemy that far with a knife so it’s not like it’s the most OP thing out there by a long shot. I’m just gonna be honest, most people aren’t that great and simply panic when they see a shield. I’ve faced several opponents who gave me a fair run for my money with their movement and equipment, and in the end, all was well. They respected good melee and I respected their counters. And to be even more honest, it’s so easy to kill shielders, whether they melee or have a gun. I think most people complain for the sake of complaining. There’d be no guns if every complaint was heard so why nerf melee when it’s really not the issue.
        So even with fast hands it’s slower (have been at work)? That’s rough 😭 throwing knife is my most kills at like 3500 🥲
IWs ideal use case, turtling, is unchanged.

IW doesn’t like people being able to kill campers, which is what I mainly used the shield for.
lmao.
Shields on backs is a serious issue, IW is just so braindead they nerfed the actual shield in use vs being on backs.

You shouldn’t be able to cover your entire ass almost with a magic impenetrable shield with zero downsides.
People still want 100% bro
damn i didn't think about that, you're right lol

But what's the point when everyone exploited Emblems & Calling Cards :/

Players level 80 having Orion Jokr emblems and such, we know he don't got Orion nor got 1000 kills with that..
    🥲 a reminder I missed out on the glitch to unlock every calling card and apparently a glitch for emblems
        It's kind of lame that they didn't remove it from those who glitched them though.

It doesn't make sense to grind for it because people would look at you as another exploiter and not someone who done it legit.

It took away from the rarity of it, most people are using unreleased Emblems & Calling Card for prestiege 4/5 without even doing any challenges :/
For once this isn't Reddit's fault. I think the devs at IW are lacking brain cells.
You really think iw or activision dgives 2 shits about cry baby reddit posts? Lmfao. The majority crying about them are no ones with zero social media presence.
99% of complaints I've seen in-game and online about the riot shield are about its effectiveness when worn on your back.

You can't really blame "idiots from reddit" when they didn't listen to the most common complaint anyway man. 

It should've been left as is but nerf movement speed or something when worn on the back imo (which maybe is the case now based on the text, unsure), no clue why they hit it the way they did overall though.
There was nothing wrong with the hits, it literally was only about it being on the back
    Yeah if you manage to outplay me by actually bashing me with the shield cudos to you, since there is a lot of ways to counter an active shield. Having it on your back is what pisses people off; if you're prone you're now a much smaller target with no downside while still facing and being able to shoot. When running around it allows you to get away with BS positioning and avoiding getting rightfully killed right away, again with no downsides.
Good luck with poly. o7
    Don’t remind me 💀
The thing about the shield throwing knife complaining that I don’t understand is your opponent has 1-2 throws max and then they have to run after their knives. 

If they’re nailing you with the knives first try every time they’re just good. If you can’t kill them while they’re running past you to get their knife/knives back you’re just bad. It was like this all of MW19 but now people complain and season 1 it’s changed?
More confirmation the devs are either mega bots or literally never play their own game.
Just got gold with it this past weekend, but was waiting on shipment to go for plat, it’s gonna suck even more now.
    Yeahhh I'm definitely not doing plat now until they revert the damage nerf. Just got this gold last night and it made me wanna pull my hair out with it being 2 shots lmao
    As far as I know you can leave some weapons out and do the challenges with the update weapons that we have our will get in the future
        If I have been seeing someone else with a shield, I have turned around and let them kill me. Then raged when they haven't helped with my long shots lol
            LMAO
                I know, so naive of me!
Hopefully its still a one shot in tier 1, it helped so much when I finally got to polyatomic.
I feelllllll
Riot shields are still going to be on everyone's back. You're missing the point here
Yes but they haven’t nerfed it where it really should have been: when it’s stowed on the back.

Instead they nerf it while it’s being used, they are this out of touch
I get that but a huge chunk of us who actually go for the mastery camos every game want it for every weapon, not just the bare minimum.
Oh really? Fuck it then! Thanks! I hate using all of
Those, I only did the knife to get the crimson camo
they miss any and every point available they are so out of touch with every decision they make it almost feels like theyre doing it on purpose
    Being shit and way out if touch with balance patches: 

Overwatch 🤝 Infinitiy Ward
    They could not intentionally fuck up this badly if they tried, thats the magic. Bullshit your way through it and accept the bonuses when they come in.
    I was just talking to my friend today about how the only reason xp tokens count while in the lobbies is because the devs just fucking hate the players lol
        I don’t think the devs include this by choice, Actiblizz is just such a shit company that is fueled by nothing but profits and most likely forces them to include all of the shit like that. I also don’t even think Actiblizz hates us, I think they straight up don’t give a single shit about us which is honestly worse.
is it really? How tone deaf have they been thus far and your surprised?
Oh it's like all games. They know the problem, they just don't care.
It’s like they got CoD fans working there or something.
Launchers and riot shields on back should have 25% movement speed reduction they have when held as main
Edit: I want launcher speed cropped so they can get buffed
    As what feels like the only guy who plays anti tank in GW/Invasion, crippling the move speed with launchers is a bad idea. If I can’t get in and out of cover quickly to take shots on IFVs or tanks, then I’m kinda dead. 

If the argument is that they’re heavy so you should be slower universally, then this argument can also be applied to MGs, .50BMGs, etc.
        My anti-armor comrade! I feel this to my bones. Just about every match I have to switch to my anti-armor load out and stay there because no one else seems to want to do it. Oh, we’re losing locations left and right because a helicopter is constantly in the air dropping troops for support? Shoot the fucking thing out of the sky, problem solved! Enemy armor constantly harassing a location? Blow the fucking thing up! Problem solved. Sometimes I just want to play as an assault build or level other weapons, but noooo, I have to be the responsible one to play the objectives lol. I mean, it’s fun for me most of the time, but more people wanting to help can get old fast.
            No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
                Yeah, sure, I’ll hit you up.
            What's weird is I have been playing BF2042 and people still just let tanks and helicopters run rampant instead of, you know, gearing up to counter them.
                As a long-time battlefield player, I feel your pain as well
            No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
        [deleted]
            Shock stick or smokes to cover you, thermite, strela-P and munitions box is what you want. Fast Hands is super super worth it, too.
Thermite, shock, double/triple Strela to the back of the vehicle or the turret, resupply, and repeat. I find that the crew usually jump out after a critical hit or two, which seems to disable IFVs.

The ammo caches around the map will also resupply gear/rockets, so it’s worth hitting those up or sitting on them since they’re usually near objectives. 

A little bit of strategy/positioning goes a long, long way towards taking out vehicles.
        Drill charges work great against tanks in Invasion, as they kill the occupants but not the tank. You can kill them and then steal the tank.
            Negative. The vehicle must explode otherwise I cannot be satisfied.
        This. Add more realism while adding balance. Make LMGs have more piercing effect so maybe they nullify armor and perks like that and hit through walls
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            Launchers are already useless against killstreaks. 4+ RPG hits against a VTOL, while I can just magdump an LMG and take ti down in half the time. GG.

IDK who the hell though it would be a great idea to cripple launchers against streaks. Pila takes less hits (including the "flare" shot) than an RPG. AND THAT SHIT IS GUIDED. SMH
                Shouldn't the PILA take fewer hits? It takes longer to shoot, longer to reload, and is *meant* for killstreaks -- the RPG is more anti-personnel.
                    Eh, but with an RPG you have slower travel time and the need to aim / lead a target. For balancing reasons it's pretty stupid that you basically need to die at least once to destroy a VTOL for example.

Strela-P? It literally says: "devastating against vehicles" in its description and you need 6(!!!!) hits on a VTOL to bring it down. It basically doesn't have any splash damage at all against personnel (redeeming quality of the RPG) and it's just a very weird decision. One that doesn't make sense at all. Launchers were balanced well in MW19 imo, I just don't get why they nerfed them this hard.
                        The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
                    It's the guided part that makes me disagree. It should at least be the same damage, seeing how it can hit other streaks the rpg cant.
                    I agree with your statement unless we are talking about the Border crossing map (I forget it's name) in MP. 
I launched Jokr missile about 30 seconds into a match and it detonated nine cars in the centre. 
Netted me 4 kills at the beginning and utterly demoralized the opposition.  😁
                Went back to MW2019... dropped a fresh VTOL with two RPG's and a few rounds from a SMG... so nice to see it does actual damage to a plane!
                I’m pretty sure you can free fire the Pila without a lock on. But if something flares the missile will still track the flare.
                As someone who’s never used launchers, do you even spawn with 4 rpg rounds? I assumed it was like 1 maybe 2
                    You spawn with 2 and can get an additional one from Ammoboxes. 

So unless you restock twice or run over a launcher from a dead guy you need to die at least once. With Strela you need to die at least twice, even if you hit all shots
            Right! then no one will be shooting down anything as its a penalty to even have them on your back.. good thinking! 

Because launchers are sooooo over powered right?
                And the fact that you don't even have enough ammo to shoot it down from the get go lol I have no idea how I managed to platinum mine
                    Trying to lock choppers is like choosing to go negative for the team.

It's probably better off packing a MG with incendiary ammo.
                        I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
    [removed]
    Sure, but make all launchers a 1 hit kill even when not a direct hit. And have the explosion radius that danger close used to provide. Only way you should be able to survive is with bomb squad, and a direct hit should still kill.
        For sure, I just think it should at least have grenade kill radius from point of impact
    that’s a horrible idea
    Hell no with launcher nerfs with the UAV spam in this game. Launchers are basically mandatory.
    The bad thing with Launchers is they are huge on your back and stick out which is already a disadvantage.
Im in.
Thank fuck I did it like a week after the game came out.
I'm game, what time?
    3 hours from now. 1v1, Bog, meet at the destroyed tank.
How do we boost camos I just got my shield gold gonna go for plat next. Also is it just me or poly camo got reset
I just got Platinum (double kills) with the RS. Just played shipment and had to accept I was going to die 100000 times. 

Finished it quicker than I expected. 3-4 games. Got 1-2 a game, and one game with 4 double kills
If you're serious, I'm down to boost. As someone who was a little late to the camo grind, this is fucking bogus. Should've just done it when it was easy smh.
It was fun trying to dodge the knives.. I manage to do it 0/7 times... alas..
    Well you won’t see many if any now, and if you do, well  as long as your not afk they aren’t hitting you.
    Lol exactly it takes skill to use them and they literally get one; it was balanced and their ONLY form of offense
        Yeah, I don't do the knife thing, but to me they are a very skill-use item. Even though I would curse the screen on them, this was a nerf I never expected or would care for.. there are definitely more balancing objectives then this..
nah there's no way this shitty adjustment isn't straight up malice. They literally don't give a shit because they'd rather keep thinking of ways to sell you soccer player and st(r)eamer bundles
    Steamer bundles? What kind of steamer? Cleveland?
        Atleast it's not an Alabama hot pocket
            Lol I had to urban dictionary what that was 🤮
                Yeah its something you don't forget lol
            Memories of a terrible Game Grumps episode of them discovering this and sharing with the world flooding back
    It’s good to see Messi murdering people and stabbing kids online tho. Probably good PR
        Honestly. I have to assume that the real soccer players had a big briefing with legal or something to talk about how they will probably see an uptick in negative sentiment towards them but purely from comments like "fuck Neymar man I hate him, always getting shot from behind by people with that skin" or "god I love killing Messi players, gives me joy that people who paid for a the bundle get fucked".
> They ~~can~~ be straight up incompetent ~~at times~~.

There we go.
    Lmao I fixed it
At times? You mean 90% of the time
At times?  Don’t you mean to say they’re straight up incompetent?  Season 1 Reloaded is apparently live a little early and already people have issues using their loadouts. All of them are glitched out and all you can have is a 0 attachment M4 or a shotgun.
    I couldn't edit my loadouts except mid game for a while... It would just crash if I tried to access it in the menu. Yeah, not like stressful at all also having to guess attachments n ofc this also meant weapon tuning wasn't possible :)

1 loadout seems glitched for me too, for the 3rd time all my attachments disappear from the primary n secondary for no reason. At least didn't mess up the camo, charm, stickers etc
Which would be okay with me if it provided some movement speed penalty since it's the only thing you can use on your back that'll help you.  

Either that or make it so my launcher deflects bullets like the riot shield. But preferably the first thing.
    There is a weapon slot penalty right?
        Not if you use the overkill perk.
The only time the shield is annoying is in s&d
    Eh it gets annoying across the board when it’s used in turtle shell mode, but obviously it’s gonna be more annoying in a mode with limited lives
Nah, shield + throwing knife was broken in S&D.  They shouldn't even have brought the thing back, but considering they're apparently going to bring it back every year, the least they can do is nerf it into the ground.  Fuck the shield.
    Yeah everyone is upset they didn't address the problem of people having it on their back, but they aren't realizing the throwing knife with the shield was clearly bugged and only gave a single frame animation to try and kill the shield player. It was stupid and I'm glad that part is fixed.
Same. Nerf overkill, not the shield itself for those that actually hold the fucking hard point/flag
    Seriously, 90% of my games are hard point, dom and HC. Other than that it was following my buddies around on shoothouse for their camp grinds.
    How does one nerf overkill?
Honestly the knife is the biggest problem with the shield. Being able to hide behind the shield then instantly throw a pre aimed one hit kill knife is bullshit. Not sad to see you go even though I’m sure you will stay.
    Honestly seemed pretty balanced to me, alot easier to kill riot shielders in this game imo. And the throwing knife is also a bit slower once you throw it compared to other titles. If you ever tried to use the riot shield you'd notice it's not that easy. Sure it's annoying to fight them but there's alot of counters to it. I usually just spray the feet and they die 9/10 times unless they get me rounding a corner. With this patch it's actually unusable might aswell take it out of the game
        The throwing knife previously was a single frame animation, they fixed it. I was running into some pretty stupid riot shield and throwing knife player games recently. I'm glad they changed that, the rest of the changes to the shield seem pretty weird though. They did speed up the bash speed to mostly make up for it taking 3 hits though it's a little slower ttk, I think they were finding player movement speed was too slow to escape being hit twice before you could get out of the shields reach.
ngl pretty hyped I don't gotta deal with u anymore
    Lord forbid you were challenged to adapt and overcome in a competitive video game 🙃
The longer time to pull out the throwing knife is what is sending me over the edge. It already takes long enough. Most direct 1v1s end up both of us dead at the same time. Longer now to pull that out exposes the body too long.
    They’re catering to the loudest set of complainers and couldn’t even properly nerf it. RIP riot shield, ya served me well old friends
Definitely a complete miss of the point.
    Classic IW
        between things like this, and not knowing perks weren't working in WZ2, it becomes more and more obvious they don't play their own game.     Over 95% of things wrong with this game could have been mitigated if they just had a regular player play the game once.
[deleted]
    >They’re too busy pushing out bundles and counting cash

And we gave them  that cash. I think we're the fools here, lol  


edit: formatting
    can’t even fix shit correctly
        I know that they are and have been taking the piss for some time now. There is no way they make these changes seriously. I guess it just is funny to them that everyone will still play their game, outsell the previous one everytime and buy bundles on top of that, WHILE the game constantly crashes, is an unbalanced mess with no flow, horrible maps, SBMM and whatever else. Dont get me wrong it is fun when it works, but these kind of updates just show to me that they actively mock the players that actually pay attention to their stupid patch notes
            i even took a two year break from the franchise

didn’t buy MW2 because of the name, bought it because i actually liked the 2019 MW

first CoD in 5+ years i thoroughly enjoyed, and they fucked me for it
        Exactly why I ain't spending $70 on a game I already played a decade ago
    And fixing any glitch that might be a positive for players .
This is why I'm team just remove from game.


They clearly don't care about it balancing or working.
    They literally put out tactics for Shipment with tips to wear RS on your back. The back protection might be weirdly how they intended it to work.
        - tells people to wear shield on back to avoid being shot in the back

- makes kills from behind camo challenges for multiple guns and melee weapons

They're either idiots or assholes.
            > They’re either idiots or assholes.

I think it’s both.
        Yet all of the camos are for it involve bopping people to death and many guns have kills from behind as a challenge, and feet shots dont count ime.  


It's very very stupid.
Proof that IW live in their own world that is clearly detached from reality 😅
    ngl i hopped into shipment and died from the riot shield like 8 times in my first game lol. On every other map 3 hits is insane but it still works on that map... at least for people killing me it did.
I was looking forward to using it, not anymore. Why would they do this when no one had a problem with that.
I feel like they enjoy the riot shield on back meta or something. Only explanation for how they could mess it up this bad.
People didn't use them as they were intended to begin with
    The people going for camos did. This only hurts the people doing what they're supposed to. It has no negative effects for spamming them on your back.
    I literally use it as intended. I use it to provide cover and hold objectives. With it being slower than pistol for melee kills before this nerf it took ages to get 40 kills just to be ready for Gold grind.
It's probably way more complicated to reduce movement speed with your offhand gun, tbf. The game just wasn't made with that in mind, any change like that would take plenty of time and consideration
    Make a different change? I mean the game knows what secondary you have stowed, and clearly it’s coded to still block bullets in the off-hand.

     If (ShieldStowed){-5% MoveSpeed
I’m sure it’s not THAT simple but the idea is there.

Alternatively, they could re-work the kills from behind into another challenge, or even remove the shield or challenge from the game entirely if balancing is too much of an issue. 

It’s not that it’s too hard to fix, it’s that these companies would rather spend the time counting money from micro-transactions than actually dedicate that time to listening to the community and fixing their game.
Exactly
And there's a challenge to land SIX bashes now in less than 10 seconds....TEN TIMES😂😂😂
    Honestly, as a bad player...I got it done in literally 2 matches of shipment. 

I get the flack on this nerfing..and I was concerned about the challenge. But it's still incredibly easy on a map like shipment or shoothouse.
        Shouldn't have to play shipment to do it. I was very happy to do it on normal maps, all we wanted was for them to take it away from overkill and fix the instant throwing knife because it just didn't flow right.
 Didn't ask for a movement penalty, didn't ask for it's damage to be brought down to nothing, didn't ask for it to be slammed into the ground. It felt like the community made some very very reasonable requests and IW just said "lmao here's a Santa skin and we ruined the riot shield because analytics determined it performed too well as a primary but please keep using overkill with it on your back so you can do better on shipment" because we haven't been complaining about the shield being on the back since the dawn of time. Sure.
Just get 2 of the new guns platinum and you can avoid the knife and riot shield, will save you some sanity lol
    Knife sounds like fun to grind. Riot shield, miss me with that.
        They're both pretty fun actually, normally don't run them at all, but grinded platinum for both last week and it was actually pretty fun on shoothouse. But this 3 hit shit will make the riot shield fucking impossible.
        [deleted]
            It'll take two hits in tier 1 now too. That doesn't sound much better.
            That's why I always carry Drill charges. No escaping that.
    Yeah but really you would have to get all 4 of the new guns or else you’ll have to do all 4 launchers. I did the pila and rpg because my victus progression stopped tracking. But jokr double kills would be awful
        Jokr double kills should be doable now Shipment is here tbf, just aim at Hardpoint. You will get 15 eventually
            I miss hardcore shipment from MW2019  where everything you do gets you a free kill, like i had so many killa just by throwing the snapshot grande at face of someone lol or just tossing a frag over the map on the spawn locations of enemy give you a popcorn 😂
                Hardcore shoot the ship was my favorite time playing cod since I was in middle school
        Launcher camos are not hard at all. Worst thing is the poly challenge for double kills with the pila and strela, but literally just try using it as a primary for a couple games. You’ll get smoked for about 3 or 4 games and then will be playing in bot lobbies for the rest of it.
            Platinum on the Strella was the worst for me. Took me forever to figure out how to somewhat consistently hit UAVs with them. Was practically begging for an enemy team that used CUAVs for the easier points.  

Double kills were a pain on it, too. Worst launcher imo. Idk what niche or role it's supposed to fill - the other three launchers are far superior.
                Def the worst launcher, got it gold and it was a complete pain in the ass to do but probably gonna skip it and shield now (plat) for poly.
                It seems like a useless launcher. AOE dmg is bad in comparison to PILA and RPG, in my experience I need to damn near direct hit to get a kill. Can someone confirm if it has more vehicles dmg to compensate?
                    Took me more than 6 shots with the Strella to down a VTOL with my team shooting at it. I want to say I down a VTOL in 4 or 5 with the PILA with no assistance. Strella is awful.
                        Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
                Totally agree. It’s so weird how the rocket that seemingly has the fastest velocity has drop. Finally got it poly the other day and will never equip it again.
                No lock on, slow reload, low explosive yield, low ammo count, slow movement... it's literally a meme weapon
                I just moved on to other weapons for the Strela's camo challenges and worked on those until I got in a game with people running CUAVs. It's way easier to do passively while you're working on other weapons than to just hard focus it.

I was able to figure out how to do UAV kills by the end, but honestly, it was just too much effort.
    So if I'm understanding you don't need to get every single gun platinum for polyatomic? Just above a certain amount?
        Only 51 platinum challenges need to be completed for polyatomic. Same for Orion
    Does that actually work??
        Yes, I have the Victus XMR and M13 platinum and it’s counting towards the requirement for polyatomic. 47/51, just need to do launchers
    Bas-p didnt count for the platinum challenge for smgs, Idk if if that is the same for the other camos
Tbf you can just skip the melee weapons entirely by doing an extra AR and Smg etc. you just need 51 platinums to unlock the Poly challenges so if you do the M13 and Bas-p for example then you will be fine.
Probably 2 because Tier 1 is 50 health. If it’s been nerfed to 3-hit in Core it must do between 34 and 49 damage. No way I’m touching this thing for camo challenges now
    I really hope they release a sword or something in season 2
    Yeah just wait for season 2, if they give us the same amount of weapons you will be able to skip both launchers and melees
I did not camp the vent on ~~Hackney Yard~~ Gun Runner with a shield for literal days just to find out people were giving free kills away on Shipment.
    Please tell me you were at least playing Hardcore
    It wasn’t often but every now and then you would get a good chunk from one or two kind people
I’ve had this happen to me and paid it forward multiple times in the upstairs section of shit house
Tier 1 - Same as any mostly trash weapon. Maybe with shipment it won't be a pain in core IDK.
    Lol good luck not chucking your system trying to get 3 melees on someone in shipment. 100% needs to be done in tier 1
        Maybe but there will be a lot of people not on full health with the constant nades, flashes, just getting out of gun fights and all that.
            FUCK YOU GREEDY LITTLE PIG BOY u/SPEZ, I NUKED MY 7 YEAR COMMENT HISTORY JUST FOR YOU -- mass edited with redact.dev
                Sure but there is plenty of times you’ll get Naded but not kill the guy who did it. Or get shot but only get the assist. 

Just saying for the amount of random engagements you’ll get I still think Shipment would be a fine choice if Tier 1 bores you to tears
[deleted]
    Same lol
    What's crazy is not even ten years ago, even just a few enough vocal fans such as yourself and I, would be enough to incentivize this company to actually focus on their plan ahead. Nowadays, our opinions matter for shit, even if we did fork out the almost (and for some more than) $100 just to play the fucking game, because we aren't the top-buyers for stupid ass, unnecessary, greedily-priced cosmetic trash.
IW reinventing the wheel into square, seems like par for the fucking course from them now
exactly
Takes the biggest benefit away from the throwing knife. May as well use thermites now, they were just as fast to throw on MW2019/WZ1 and they were arguably better
AFK kills which is just pure luck.
getting 2 kills within 10 seconds of each other might actually be impossible for me with how ballistic my SBMM tier is
    I completely agree. I literally just got the knife and riot shield platinum this past weekend and the shield was painful. It’s going to be impossible now. I actually think they’ll wind up reversing this particular change sooner rather than later. It’s like they see people complaining about the riot shield but don’t read the rest of the critique where 98% of the time it’s people complaining about turtles. We went down this road in MW2019 and VG too so it’s not like it’s a new concept.
Yup. This is near impossible now.
You don't need to plat the shield, you can substitute with new guns.
    Fuck I should have just done it.

Why would they increase it to three? That's so dumb.
    hmm good point actually
        Do throwing knives work if you have riot shield as primary? I know this was a great way of getting the knife gold in zombies in Vanguard.

Edit: spelling
            Lethals like throwing knife only work for weapon EXP on th gun you have equipped (i levled my launchers by pretty much only using knife). Their kills do not count for the camo challenges. Those you have to do with the actual weapon.
                Thanks for the info!!
    How so?
        You have to get 51 weapons to poly for Orion. It can be any weapon that is in the game, I believe.
        If the devs add more weapons into the game, that doesn't change the camo requirement for Orion which is to complete 51 polyatomic camos. For Polyatomic, the requirement is to complete 51 platinum weapon challenges.

If you don't want to get the riot shield to platinum, you could look into one of the newer weapons recently added to get to platinum instead. It should still count towards that 51 requirement.
            I was gonna use the newer guns so I don't have to do the launchers
    That’s assuming they care enough to add another melee, no?
        I don't believe so. I think there is just a bare minimum of plats needed - category doesn't matter. If it does, I'm confident that they will add more melee weapons. They did so in 2019.
    But what if you *want* a plat shield
    I just got the shield and knife gold lmao
    Yeah but I was fine with using the shield before this nerf. I was looking forward to not using 2 snipers
        Right? I was preferring to do shield, knife, and RPGs over snipers with their 50m long shots...
Just do it in tier 1, easy as fuck
    It’ll be a 2 hit kill in Tier 1 now lol
        Suboptimal
        Hopefully not.
    Is it still a one hit kill? Guess back to door camping for kills from behind.
I got it platinum, but now I have to consider throwing that time away when it comes to polyatomic :( kills from behind sounds hard af. I really wanted to skip the snipers too
Most people have already said it, but allowing the shield to block damage on the back, but add a movement penalty so they’re slower when it’s stowed like that. The damage penalty for kills is unnecessary but I do think the knife throw nerf out of shield is good
    Or even, when you are in the equipment page, it shows the shield folded up, why not have it folded on the back?
    Do you get the impression they're unable/don't want to spend the time to make it slow you when on your back? Cuz that would explain a lot
        They could also prevent the shield from being selected if the class has the overkill perk on. Which, IMO, is the simplest and best solution since it doesn't impact anything else.
            No. That's the logical solution, common now we need something creatively convoluted and less effective
Make it like any other weapon when it's stowed so it doesn't block damage
    Or just make it an extractable shield like Montagne in  R6 kinda.
If its on the back it gets smaller and is retracted to the shoulders. If you pull it out it extends to normal size. That way its still useful but not OP
        That takes real work to redesign the shield, animate it, change player animations, etc. Would be far more simple to just turn off the magic bullet deflector.
            I mean thats what I pay 60€ for right? For a new game with real work put into it?
                lol not even close. You paid 60 for work to be done on Warzone and DMZ.
                    Yeah true tho. Sad world
    It should also slow movement speed no matter if it’s on your back or not.
* Retractable i.e. doesn't block shots while stowed
* Significant movement nerf while on your back
* Cannot be stowed
* Cannot be equipped with overkill
I agree with many that just hampering movement speed would go a long way.

Maybe armor-piercing rounds working would be a neat counter too, but that might hurt regular usage too much.
Either make it retract, make it destroy moment speed or make it so you can only use secondaries with it.
Movement speed penalty when stowed

Make it retractable 

Make them penetrable

Just a few options.
Set it up that you can’t use Overkill with the shield. You can still use the shield on your back but only with secondary weapons.
Could have it retract or something ao that it only covers above the stomach
Honest to god I don't got a clue, I feel like a simple thing would be spreading the speed reduction to riot shields on the back. It's a tough situation, I just hate having to shoot at feet whenever I'm behind an enemy
Make it so it doesn't stop bullets.
Prevent it from being used with Overkill.
I would not mind it one bit if they made it so that shields on back didn't block bullets. At least give us better front protection though. I'm an actual main riot shield user, none of that overkill shit.
Couldn’t you just mix in one launcher? The RPG is a super easy choice to get gold. 40 kills and then 2 kills without dying 5 times, and that’s it
    To get platinum rpg you need all gold in the category
        Oh that makes sense. Sorry, I’m still recovering from the IQ drop after reading the shield nerf
Ground war/invasion seems like it'd be super easy for sniper longshots, have you tried that?
    Not for snipers yet, no. My experience in those modes has just been insta-kill from rooftop snipers. Then running all the way back to an ok location again
I might’ve messed up my math tbh, but since there’s 4 DLC guns that’s means there’s 4 original weapons that you can choose to not grind.
As of right now camo challenges are bugged though.
I’m just shocked and not all surprised they didn’t address the drill charge issue
    It's a 2 fold issue AFAICT

1-the drill charge only drills into the player if you hit it where their arm is, so anything else doesn't cause drill damage.  

2- the explosive spits out, so if you run you can normally outrun the boom as long as it doesn't get spit out of the drill charge into you.  


They'd have to modify how the drill charge works.
I’m fine with the movement and speed of the knife will I guess depend in game. Probably will be less effective. 

The three hits rub me the wrong way mostly
You literally can’t shoot at anyone, your a sitting duck that can get killed in numerous ways that require no skill, and even if you do have the chance to kill someone, you’d require two hits in order to kill one player.
    No one is complaining about people using them as intended

People dont like the fact it can make you close to invunreable from behind or while prone. With close to zero drawbacks for using it. As the perk system doesnt really have much of a drawback to using overkill, unlike the old system
    Lots of cod players are complete garbage I guess. Shields are one of the easiest things to deal with cause they don’t shoot back. If you get killed by one that’s cause you rushed them like an idiot or got flanked which if they had a gun you would have died anyways
        People aren’t pissed about shield usage when it’s as intended. People are upset about players who always keep the shield stowed, so something like 75% of their silhouette is completely invulnerable from behind.

The same people who are complaining about shields are just as pissed about this bullshit nerf as anyone else. 

If you’re gonna be upset, be upset with IW, they dropped the ball.
It's not that you can't beat them, it's more that it just slows down gameplay and is annoying to play against if you've used your lethals. I usually just turn around and go kill someone else
That wasn’t the issue. One riot shielder isn’t the issue. When you play against teams running 3-5 shields in s&d, then that is a problem. The nerf was necessary
Always hear people complain about riot shields when I'm in a lobby, and I'm here just jumping around them and shooting them in the back - it was an easy tactic in most situations. I really don't think this nerf was necessary. Fortunately I have plat on it already but getting Sub will be a pain
Well, they made sure that players will now not want to get the challenge camo’s
They reduced akimbo damage only
Yeah, the only reason I bother doing the riot camos tbh
Why melees from behind are not OHK is beyond mortal understanding
Yeah, the throwing knife thing is absolutely killer too. Gotta run fast hands to have the old throw speed, so now ya have one knife.
    Right?! It’s the only method of attack when blocking and I already loose most sniper showdowns in shoothouse as is… gunners have range, fire, rockets, drills, and 2 types of nades to deal with the shield, but no let’s reduce shielders options, that makes sense….
        For real, and I think a good throwing knife is as fair as a good snipe. Not everyone can dome an enemy that far with a knife so it’s not like it’s the most OP thing out there by a long shot. I’m just gonna be honest, most people aren’t that great and simply panic when they see a shield. I’ve faced several opponents who gave me a fair run for my money with their movement and equipment, and in the end, all was well. They respected good melee and I respected their counters. And to be even more honest, it’s so easy to kill shielders, whether they melee or have a gun. I think most people complain for the sake of complaining. There’d be no guns if every complaint was heard so why nerf melee when it’s really not the issue.
    So even with fast hands it’s slower (have been at work)? That’s rough 😭 throwing knife is my most kills at like 3500 🥲
🥲 a reminder I missed out on the glitch to unlock every calling card and apparently a glitch for emblems
    It's kind of lame that they didn't remove it from those who glitched them though.

It doesn't make sense to grind for it because people would look at you as another exploiter and not someone who done it legit.

It took away from the rarity of it, most people are using unreleased Emblems & Calling Card for prestiege 4/5 without even doing any challenges :/
Yeah if you manage to outplay me by actually bashing me with the shield cudos to you, since there is a lot of ways to counter an active shield. Having it on your back is what pisses people off; if you're prone you're now a much smaller target with no downside while still facing and being able to shoot. When running around it allows you to get away with BS positioning and avoiding getting rightfully killed right away, again with no downsides.
Don’t remind me 💀
Yeahhh I'm definitely not doing plat now until they revert the damage nerf. Just got this gold last night and it made me wanna pull my hair out with it being 2 shots lmao
As far as I know you can leave some weapons out and do the challenges with the update weapons that we have our will get in the future
    If I have been seeing someone else with a shield, I have turned around and let them kill me. Then raged when they haven't helped with my long shots lol
        LMAO
            I know, so naive of me!
Being shit and way out if touch with balance patches: 

Overwatch 🤝 Infinitiy Ward
They could not intentionally fuck up this badly if they tried, thats the magic. Bullshit your way through it and accept the bonuses when they come in.
I was just talking to my friend today about how the only reason xp tokens count while in the lobbies is because the devs just fucking hate the players lol
    I don’t think the devs include this by choice, Actiblizz is just such a shit company that is fueled by nothing but profits and most likely forces them to include all of the shit like that. I also don’t even think Actiblizz hates us, I think they straight up don’t give a single shit about us which is honestly worse.
As what feels like the only guy who plays anti tank in GW/Invasion, crippling the move speed with launchers is a bad idea. If I can’t get in and out of cover quickly to take shots on IFVs or tanks, then I’m kinda dead. 

If the argument is that they’re heavy so you should be slower universally, then this argument can also be applied to MGs, .50BMGs, etc.
    My anti-armor comrade! I feel this to my bones. Just about every match I have to switch to my anti-armor load out and stay there because no one else seems to want to do it. Oh, we’re losing locations left and right because a helicopter is constantly in the air dropping troops for support? Shoot the fucking thing out of the sky, problem solved! Enemy armor constantly harassing a location? Blow the fucking thing up! Problem solved. Sometimes I just want to play as an assault build or level other weapons, but noooo, I have to be the responsible one to play the objectives lol. I mean, it’s fun for me most of the time, but more people wanting to help can get old fast.
        No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
            Yeah, sure, I’ll hit you up.
        What's weird is I have been playing BF2042 and people still just let tanks and helicopters run rampant instead of, you know, gearing up to counter them.
            As a long-time battlefield player, I feel your pain as well
        No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
    [deleted]
        Shock stick or smokes to cover you, thermite, strela-P and munitions box is what you want. Fast Hands is super super worth it, too.
Thermite, shock, double/triple Strela to the back of the vehicle or the turret, resupply, and repeat. I find that the crew usually jump out after a critical hit or two, which seems to disable IFVs.

The ammo caches around the map will also resupply gear/rockets, so it’s worth hitting those up or sitting on them since they’re usually near objectives. 

A little bit of strategy/positioning goes a long, long way towards taking out vehicles.
    Drill charges work great against tanks in Invasion, as they kill the occupants but not the tank. You can kill them and then steal the tank.
        Negative. The vehicle must explode otherwise I cannot be satisfied.
    This. Add more realism while adding balance. Make LMGs have more piercing effect so maybe they nullify armor and perks like that and hit through walls
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        Launchers are already useless against killstreaks. 4+ RPG hits against a VTOL, while I can just magdump an LMG and take ti down in half the time. GG.

IDK who the hell though it would be a great idea to cripple launchers against streaks. Pila takes less hits (including the "flare" shot) than an RPG. AND THAT SHIT IS GUIDED. SMH
            Shouldn't the PILA take fewer hits? It takes longer to shoot, longer to reload, and is *meant* for killstreaks -- the RPG is more anti-personnel.
                Eh, but with an RPG you have slower travel time and the need to aim / lead a target. For balancing reasons it's pretty stupid that you basically need to die at least once to destroy a VTOL for example.

Strela-P? It literally says: "devastating against vehicles" in its description and you need 6(!!!!) hits on a VTOL to bring it down. It basically doesn't have any splash damage at all against personnel (redeeming quality of the RPG) and it's just a very weird decision. One that doesn't make sense at all. Launchers were balanced well in MW19 imo, I just don't get why they nerfed them this hard.
                    The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
                It's the guided part that makes me disagree. It should at least be the same damage, seeing how it can hit other streaks the rpg cant.
                I agree with your statement unless we are talking about the Border crossing map (I forget it's name) in MP. 
I launched Jokr missile about 30 seconds into a match and it detonated nine cars in the centre. 
Netted me 4 kills at the beginning and utterly demoralized the opposition.  😁
            Went back to MW2019... dropped a fresh VTOL with two RPG's and a few rounds from a SMG... so nice to see it does actual damage to a plane!
            I’m pretty sure you can free fire the Pila without a lock on. But if something flares the missile will still track the flare.
            As someone who’s never used launchers, do you even spawn with 4 rpg rounds? I assumed it was like 1 maybe 2
                You spawn with 2 and can get an additional one from Ammoboxes. 

So unless you restock twice or run over a launcher from a dead guy you need to die at least once. With Strela you need to die at least twice, even if you hit all shots
        Right! then no one will be shooting down anything as its a penalty to even have them on your back.. good thinking! 

Because launchers are sooooo over powered right?
            And the fact that you don't even have enough ammo to shoot it down from the get go lol I have no idea how I managed to platinum mine
                Trying to lock choppers is like choosing to go negative for the team.

It's probably better off packing a MG with incendiary ammo.
                    I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
[removed]
Sure, but make all launchers a 1 hit kill even when not a direct hit. And have the explosion radius that danger close used to provide. Only way you should be able to survive is with bomb squad, and a direct hit should still kill.
    For sure, I just think it should at least have grenade kill radius from point of impact
that’s a horrible idea
Hell no with launcher nerfs with the UAV spam in this game. Launchers are basically mandatory.
The bad thing with Launchers is they are huge on your back and stick out which is already a disadvantage.
3 hours from now. 1v1, Bog, meet at the destroyed tank.
Well you won’t see many if any now, and if you do, well  as long as your not afk they aren’t hitting you.
Lol exactly it takes skill to use them and they literally get one; it was balanced and their ONLY form of offense
    Yeah, I don't do the knife thing, but to me they are a very skill-use item. Even though I would curse the screen on them, this was a nerf I never expected or would care for.. there are definitely more balancing objectives then this..
Steamer bundles? What kind of steamer? Cleveland?
    Atleast it's not an Alabama hot pocket
        Lol I had to urban dictionary what that was 🤮
            Yeah its something you don't forget lol
        Memories of a terrible Game Grumps episode of them discovering this and sharing with the world flooding back
It’s good to see Messi murdering people and stabbing kids online tho. Probably good PR
    Honestly. I have to assume that the real soccer players had a big briefing with legal or something to talk about how they will probably see an uptick in negative sentiment towards them but purely from comments like "fuck Neymar man I hate him, always getting shot from behind by people with that skin" or "god I love killing Messi players, gives me joy that people who paid for a the bundle get fucked".
Lmao I fixed it
I couldn't edit my loadouts except mid game for a while... It would just crash if I tried to access it in the menu. Yeah, not like stressful at all also having to guess attachments n ofc this also meant weapon tuning wasn't possible :)

1 loadout seems glitched for me too, for the 3rd time all my attachments disappear from the primary n secondary for no reason. At least didn't mess up the camo, charm, stickers etc
There is a weapon slot penalty right?
    Not if you use the overkill perk.
Eh it gets annoying across the board when it’s used in turtle shell mode, but obviously it’s gonna be more annoying in a mode with limited lives
Yeah everyone is upset they didn't address the problem of people having it on their back, but they aren't realizing the throwing knife with the shield was clearly bugged and only gave a single frame animation to try and kill the shield player. It was stupid and I'm glad that part is fixed.
Seriously, 90% of my games are hard point, dom and HC. Other than that it was following my buddies around on shoothouse for their camp grinds.
How does one nerf overkill?
Honestly seemed pretty balanced to me, alot easier to kill riot shielders in this game imo. And the throwing knife is also a bit slower once you throw it compared to other titles. If you ever tried to use the riot shield you'd notice it's not that easy. Sure it's annoying to fight them but there's alot of counters to it. I usually just spray the feet and they die 9/10 times unless they get me rounding a corner. With this patch it's actually unusable might aswell take it out of the game
    The throwing knife previously was a single frame animation, they fixed it. I was running into some pretty stupid riot shield and throwing knife player games recently. I'm glad they changed that, the rest of the changes to the shield seem pretty weird though. They did speed up the bash speed to mostly make up for it taking 3 hits though it's a little slower ttk, I think they were finding player movement speed was too slow to escape being hit twice before you could get out of the shields reach.
Lord forbid you were challenged to adapt and overcome in a competitive video game 🙃
They’re catering to the loudest set of complainers and couldn’t even properly nerf it. RIP riot shield, ya served me well old friends
Classic IW
    between things like this, and not knowing perks weren't working in WZ2, it becomes more and more obvious they don't play their own game.     Over 95% of things wrong with this game could have been mitigated if they just had a regular player play the game once.
>They’re too busy pushing out bundles and counting cash

And we gave them  that cash. I think we're the fools here, lol  


edit: formatting
can’t even fix shit correctly
    I know that they are and have been taking the piss for some time now. There is no way they make these changes seriously. I guess it just is funny to them that everyone will still play their game, outsell the previous one everytime and buy bundles on top of that, WHILE the game constantly crashes, is an unbalanced mess with no flow, horrible maps, SBMM and whatever else. Dont get me wrong it is fun when it works, but these kind of updates just show to me that they actively mock the players that actually pay attention to their stupid patch notes
        i even took a two year break from the franchise

didn’t buy MW2 because of the name, bought it because i actually liked the 2019 MW

first CoD in 5+ years i thoroughly enjoyed, and they fucked me for it
    Exactly why I ain't spending $70 on a game I already played a decade ago
And fixing any glitch that might be a positive for players .
They literally put out tactics for Shipment with tips to wear RS on your back. The back protection might be weirdly how they intended it to work.
    - tells people to wear shield on back to avoid being shot in the back

- makes kills from behind camo challenges for multiple guns and melee weapons

They're either idiots or assholes.
        > They’re either idiots or assholes.

I think it’s both.
    Yet all of the camos are for it involve bopping people to death and many guns have kills from behind as a challenge, and feet shots dont count ime.  


It's very very stupid.
ngl i hopped into shipment and died from the riot shield like 8 times in my first game lol. On every other map 3 hits is insane but it still works on that map... at least for people killing me it did.
The people going for camos did. This only hurts the people doing what they're supposed to. It has no negative effects for spamming them on your back.
I literally use it as intended. I use it to provide cover and hold objectives. With it being slower than pistol for melee kills before this nerf it took ages to get 40 kills just to be ready for Gold grind.
Make a different change? I mean the game knows what secondary you have stowed, and clearly it’s coded to still block bullets in the off-hand.

     If (ShieldStowed){-5% MoveSpeed
I’m sure it’s not THAT simple but the idea is there.

Alternatively, they could re-work the kills from behind into another challenge, or even remove the shield or challenge from the game entirely if balancing is too much of an issue. 

It’s not that it’s too hard to fix, it’s that these companies would rather spend the time counting money from micro-transactions than actually dedicate that time to listening to the community and fixing their game.
Honestly, as a bad player...I got it done in literally 2 matches of shipment. 

I get the flack on this nerfing..and I was concerned about the challenge. But it's still incredibly easy on a map like shipment or shoothouse.
    Shouldn't have to play shipment to do it. I was very happy to do it on normal maps, all we wanted was for them to take it away from overkill and fix the instant throwing knife because it just didn't flow right.
 Didn't ask for a movement penalty, didn't ask for it's damage to be brought down to nothing, didn't ask for it to be slammed into the ground. It felt like the community made some very very reasonable requests and IW just said "lmao here's a Santa skin and we ruined the riot shield because analytics determined it performed too well as a primary but please keep using overkill with it on your back so you can do better on shipment" because we haven't been complaining about the shield being on the back since the dawn of time. Sure.
Knife sounds like fun to grind. Riot shield, miss me with that.
    They're both pretty fun actually, normally don't run them at all, but grinded platinum for both last week and it was actually pretty fun on shoothouse. But this 3 hit shit will make the riot shield fucking impossible.
    [deleted]
        It'll take two hits in tier 1 now too. That doesn't sound much better.
        That's why I always carry Drill charges. No escaping that.
Yeah but really you would have to get all 4 of the new guns or else you’ll have to do all 4 launchers. I did the pila and rpg because my victus progression stopped tracking. But jokr double kills would be awful
    Jokr double kills should be doable now Shipment is here tbf, just aim at Hardpoint. You will get 15 eventually
        I miss hardcore shipment from MW2019  where everything you do gets you a free kill, like i had so many killa just by throwing the snapshot grande at face of someone lol or just tossing a frag over the map on the spawn locations of enemy give you a popcorn 😂
            Hardcore shoot the ship was my favorite time playing cod since I was in middle school
    Launcher camos are not hard at all. Worst thing is the poly challenge for double kills with the pila and strela, but literally just try using it as a primary for a couple games. You’ll get smoked for about 3 or 4 games and then will be playing in bot lobbies for the rest of it.
        Platinum on the Strella was the worst for me. Took me forever to figure out how to somewhat consistently hit UAVs with them. Was practically begging for an enemy team that used CUAVs for the easier points.  

Double kills were a pain on it, too. Worst launcher imo. Idk what niche or role it's supposed to fill - the other three launchers are far superior.
            Def the worst launcher, got it gold and it was a complete pain in the ass to do but probably gonna skip it and shield now (plat) for poly.
            It seems like a useless launcher. AOE dmg is bad in comparison to PILA and RPG, in my experience I need to damn near direct hit to get a kill. Can someone confirm if it has more vehicles dmg to compensate?
                Took me more than 6 shots with the Strella to down a VTOL with my team shooting at it. I want to say I down a VTOL in 4 or 5 with the PILA with no assistance. Strella is awful.
                    Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
            Totally agree. It’s so weird how the rocket that seemingly has the fastest velocity has drop. Finally got it poly the other day and will never equip it again.
            No lock on, slow reload, low explosive yield, low ammo count, slow movement... it's literally a meme weapon
            I just moved on to other weapons for the Strela's camo challenges and worked on those until I got in a game with people running CUAVs. It's way easier to do passively while you're working on other weapons than to just hard focus it.

I was able to figure out how to do UAV kills by the end, but honestly, it was just too much effort.
So if I'm understanding you don't need to get every single gun platinum for polyatomic? Just above a certain amount?
    Only 51 platinum challenges need to be completed for polyatomic. Same for Orion
Does that actually work??
    Yes, I have the Victus XMR and M13 platinum and it’s counting towards the requirement for polyatomic. 47/51, just need to do launchers
Bas-p didnt count for the platinum challenge for smgs, Idk if if that is the same for the other camos
I really hope they release a sword or something in season 2
Yeah just wait for season 2, if they give us the same amount of weapons you will be able to skip both launchers and melees
Please tell me you were at least playing Hardcore
It wasn’t often but every now and then you would get a good chunk from one or two kind people
Lol good luck not chucking your system trying to get 3 melees on someone in shipment. 100% needs to be done in tier 1
    Maybe but there will be a lot of people not on full health with the constant nades, flashes, just getting out of gun fights and all that.
        FUCK YOU GREEDY LITTLE PIG BOY u/SPEZ, I NUKED MY 7 YEAR COMMENT HISTORY JUST FOR YOU -- mass edited with redact.dev
            Sure but there is plenty of times you’ll get Naded but not kill the guy who did it. Or get shot but only get the assist. 

Just saying for the amount of random engagements you’ll get I still think Shipment would be a fine choice if Tier 1 bores you to tears
Same lol
What's crazy is not even ten years ago, even just a few enough vocal fans such as yourself and I, would be enough to incentivize this company to actually focus on their plan ahead. Nowadays, our opinions matter for shit, even if we did fork out the almost (and for some more than) $100 just to play the fucking game, because we aren't the top-buyers for stupid ass, unnecessary, greedily-priced cosmetic trash.
I completely agree. I literally just got the knife and riot shield platinum this past weekend and the shield was painful. It’s going to be impossible now. I actually think they’ll wind up reversing this particular change sooner rather than later. It’s like they see people complaining about the riot shield but don’t read the rest of the critique where 98% of the time it’s people complaining about turtles. We went down this road in MW2019 and VG too so it’s not like it’s a new concept.
Fuck I should have just done it.

Why would they increase it to three? That's so dumb.
hmm good point actually
    Do throwing knives work if you have riot shield as primary? I know this was a great way of getting the knife gold in zombies in Vanguard.

Edit: spelling
        Lethals like throwing knife only work for weapon EXP on th gun you have equipped (i levled my launchers by pretty much only using knife). Their kills do not count for the camo challenges. Those you have to do with the actual weapon.
            Thanks for the info!!
How so?
    You have to get 51 weapons to poly for Orion. It can be any weapon that is in the game, I believe.
    If the devs add more weapons into the game, that doesn't change the camo requirement for Orion which is to complete 51 polyatomic camos. For Polyatomic, the requirement is to complete 51 platinum weapon challenges.

If you don't want to get the riot shield to platinum, you could look into one of the newer weapons recently added to get to platinum instead. It should still count towards that 51 requirement.
        I was gonna use the newer guns so I don't have to do the launchers
That’s assuming they care enough to add another melee, no?
    I don't believe so. I think there is just a bare minimum of plats needed - category doesn't matter. If it does, I'm confident that they will add more melee weapons. They did so in 2019.
But what if you *want* a plat shield
I just got the shield and knife gold lmao
Yeah but I was fine with using the shield before this nerf. I was looking forward to not using 2 snipers
    Right? I was preferring to do shield, knife, and RPGs over snipers with their 50m long shots...
It’ll be a 2 hit kill in Tier 1 now lol
    Suboptimal
    Hopefully not.
Is it still a one hit kill? Guess back to door camping for kills from behind.
Or even, when you are in the equipment page, it shows the shield folded up, why not have it folded on the back?
Do you get the impression they're unable/don't want to spend the time to make it slow you when on your back? Cuz that would explain a lot
    They could also prevent the shield from being selected if the class has the overkill perk on. Which, IMO, is the simplest and best solution since it doesn't impact anything else.
        No. That's the logical solution, common now we need something creatively convoluted and less effective
Or just make it an extractable shield like Montagne in  R6 kinda.
If its on the back it gets smaller and is retracted to the shoulders. If you pull it out it extends to normal size. That way its still useful but not OP
    That takes real work to redesign the shield, animate it, change player animations, etc. Would be far more simple to just turn off the magic bullet deflector.
        I mean thats what I pay 60€ for right? For a new game with real work put into it?
            lol not even close. You paid 60 for work to be done on Warzone and DMZ.
                Yeah true tho. Sad world
It should also slow movement speed no matter if it’s on your back or not.
To get platinum rpg you need all gold in the category
    Oh that makes sense. Sorry, I’m still recovering from the IQ drop after reading the shield nerf
Not for snipers yet, no. My experience in those modes has just been insta-kill from rooftop snipers. Then running all the way back to an ok location again
It's a 2 fold issue AFAICT

1-the drill charge only drills into the player if you hit it where their arm is, so anything else doesn't cause drill damage.  

2- the explosive spits out, so if you run you can normally outrun the boom as long as it doesn't get spit out of the drill charge into you.  


They'd have to modify how the drill charge works.
No one is complaining about people using them as intended

People dont like the fact it can make you close to invunreable from behind or while prone. With close to zero drawbacks for using it. As the perk system doesnt really have much of a drawback to using overkill, unlike the old system
Lots of cod players are complete garbage I guess. Shields are one of the easiest things to deal with cause they don’t shoot back. If you get killed by one that’s cause you rushed them like an idiot or got flanked which if they had a gun you would have died anyways
    People aren’t pissed about shield usage when it’s as intended. People are upset about players who always keep the shield stowed, so something like 75% of their silhouette is completely invulnerable from behind.

The same people who are complaining about shields are just as pissed about this bullshit nerf as anyone else. 

If you’re gonna be upset, be upset with IW, they dropped the ball.
Right?! It’s the only method of attack when blocking and I already loose most sniper showdowns in shoothouse as is… gunners have range, fire, rockets, drills, and 2 types of nades to deal with the shield, but no let’s reduce shielders options, that makes sense….
    For real, and I think a good throwing knife is as fair as a good snipe. Not everyone can dome an enemy that far with a knife so it’s not like it’s the most OP thing out there by a long shot. I’m just gonna be honest, most people aren’t that great and simply panic when they see a shield. I’ve faced several opponents who gave me a fair run for my money with their movement and equipment, and in the end, all was well. They respected good melee and I respected their counters. And to be even more honest, it’s so easy to kill shielders, whether they melee or have a gun. I think most people complain for the sake of complaining. There’d be no guns if every complaint was heard so why nerf melee when it’s really not the issue.
So even with fast hands it’s slower (have been at work)? That’s rough 😭 throwing knife is my most kills at like 3500 🥲
It's kind of lame that they didn't remove it from those who glitched them though.

It doesn't make sense to grind for it because people would look at you as another exploiter and not someone who done it legit.

It took away from the rarity of it, most people are using unreleased Emblems & Calling Card for prestiege 4/5 without even doing any challenges :/
If I have been seeing someone else with a shield, I have turned around and let them kill me. Then raged when they haven't helped with my long shots lol
    LMAO
        I know, so naive of me!
I don’t think the devs include this by choice, Actiblizz is just such a shit company that is fueled by nothing but profits and most likely forces them to include all of the shit like that. I also don’t even think Actiblizz hates us, I think they straight up don’t give a single shit about us which is honestly worse.
My anti-armor comrade! I feel this to my bones. Just about every match I have to switch to my anti-armor load out and stay there because no one else seems to want to do it. Oh, we’re losing locations left and right because a helicopter is constantly in the air dropping troops for support? Shoot the fucking thing out of the sky, problem solved! Enemy armor constantly harassing a location? Blow the fucking thing up! Problem solved. Sometimes I just want to play as an assault build or level other weapons, but noooo, I have to be the responsible one to play the objectives lol. I mean, it’s fun for me most of the time, but more people wanting to help can get old fast.
    No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
        Yeah, sure, I’ll hit you up.
    What's weird is I have been playing BF2042 and people still just let tanks and helicopters run rampant instead of, you know, gearing up to counter them.
        As a long-time battlefield player, I feel your pain as well
    No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
[deleted]
    Shock stick or smokes to cover you, thermite, strela-P and munitions box is what you want. Fast Hands is super super worth it, too.
Thermite, shock, double/triple Strela to the back of the vehicle or the turret, resupply, and repeat. I find that the crew usually jump out after a critical hit or two, which seems to disable IFVs.

The ammo caches around the map will also resupply gear/rockets, so it’s worth hitting those up or sitting on them since they’re usually near objectives. 

A little bit of strategy/positioning goes a long, long way towards taking out vehicles.
Drill charges work great against tanks in Invasion, as they kill the occupants but not the tank. You can kill them and then steal the tank.
    Negative. The vehicle must explode otherwise I cannot be satisfied.
This. Add more realism while adding balance. Make LMGs have more piercing effect so maybe they nullify armor and perks like that and hit through walls
[deleted]
    Launchers are already useless against killstreaks. 4+ RPG hits against a VTOL, while I can just magdump an LMG and take ti down in half the time. GG.

IDK who the hell though it would be a great idea to cripple launchers against streaks. Pila takes less hits (including the "flare" shot) than an RPG. AND THAT SHIT IS GUIDED. SMH
        Shouldn't the PILA take fewer hits? It takes longer to shoot, longer to reload, and is *meant* for killstreaks -- the RPG is more anti-personnel.
            Eh, but with an RPG you have slower travel time and the need to aim / lead a target. For balancing reasons it's pretty stupid that you basically need to die at least once to destroy a VTOL for example.

Strela-P? It literally says: "devastating against vehicles" in its description and you need 6(!!!!) hits on a VTOL to bring it down. It basically doesn't have any splash damage at all against personnel (redeeming quality of the RPG) and it's just a very weird decision. One that doesn't make sense at all. Launchers were balanced well in MW19 imo, I just don't get why they nerfed them this hard.
                The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
            It's the guided part that makes me disagree. It should at least be the same damage, seeing how it can hit other streaks the rpg cant.
            I agree with your statement unless we are talking about the Border crossing map (I forget it's name) in MP. 
I launched Jokr missile about 30 seconds into a match and it detonated nine cars in the centre. 
Netted me 4 kills at the beginning and utterly demoralized the opposition.  😁
        Went back to MW2019... dropped a fresh VTOL with two RPG's and a few rounds from a SMG... so nice to see it does actual damage to a plane!
        I’m pretty sure you can free fire the Pila without a lock on. But if something flares the missile will still track the flare.
        As someone who’s never used launchers, do you even spawn with 4 rpg rounds? I assumed it was like 1 maybe 2
            You spawn with 2 and can get an additional one from Ammoboxes. 

So unless you restock twice or run over a launcher from a dead guy you need to die at least once. With Strela you need to die at least twice, even if you hit all shots
    Right! then no one will be shooting down anything as its a penalty to even have them on your back.. good thinking! 

Because launchers are sooooo over powered right?
        And the fact that you don't even have enough ammo to shoot it down from the get go lol I have no idea how I managed to platinum mine
            Trying to lock choppers is like choosing to go negative for the team.

It's probably better off packing a MG with incendiary ammo.
                I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
For sure, I just think it should at least have grenade kill radius from point of impact
Yeah, I don't do the knife thing, but to me they are a very skill-use item. Even though I would curse the screen on them, this was a nerf I never expected or would care for.. there are definitely more balancing objectives then this..
Atleast it's not an Alabama hot pocket
    Lol I had to urban dictionary what that was 🤮
        Yeah its something you don't forget lol
    Memories of a terrible Game Grumps episode of them discovering this and sharing with the world flooding back
Honestly. I have to assume that the real soccer players had a big briefing with legal or something to talk about how they will probably see an uptick in negative sentiment towards them but purely from comments like "fuck Neymar man I hate him, always getting shot from behind by people with that skin" or "god I love killing Messi players, gives me joy that people who paid for a the bundle get fucked".
Not if you use the overkill perk.
The throwing knife previously was a single frame animation, they fixed it. I was running into some pretty stupid riot shield and throwing knife player games recently. I'm glad they changed that, the rest of the changes to the shield seem pretty weird though. They did speed up the bash speed to mostly make up for it taking 3 hits though it's a little slower ttk, I think they were finding player movement speed was too slow to escape being hit twice before you could get out of the shields reach.
between things like this, and not knowing perks weren't working in WZ2, it becomes more and more obvious they don't play their own game.     Over 95% of things wrong with this game could have been mitigated if they just had a regular player play the game once.
I know that they are and have been taking the piss for some time now. There is no way they make these changes seriously. I guess it just is funny to them that everyone will still play their game, outsell the previous one everytime and buy bundles on top of that, WHILE the game constantly crashes, is an unbalanced mess with no flow, horrible maps, SBMM and whatever else. Dont get me wrong it is fun when it works, but these kind of updates just show to me that they actively mock the players that actually pay attention to their stupid patch notes
    i even took a two year break from the franchise

didn’t buy MW2 because of the name, bought it because i actually liked the 2019 MW

first CoD in 5+ years i thoroughly enjoyed, and they fucked me for it
Exactly why I ain't spending $70 on a game I already played a decade ago
- tells people to wear shield on back to avoid being shot in the back

- makes kills from behind camo challenges for multiple guns and melee weapons

They're either idiots or assholes.
    > They’re either idiots or assholes.

I think it’s both.
Yet all of the camos are for it involve bopping people to death and many guns have kills from behind as a challenge, and feet shots dont count ime.  


It's very very stupid.
Shouldn't have to play shipment to do it. I was very happy to do it on normal maps, all we wanted was for them to take it away from overkill and fix the instant throwing knife because it just didn't flow right.
 Didn't ask for a movement penalty, didn't ask for it's damage to be brought down to nothing, didn't ask for it to be slammed into the ground. It felt like the community made some very very reasonable requests and IW just said "lmao here's a Santa skin and we ruined the riot shield because analytics determined it performed too well as a primary but please keep using overkill with it on your back so you can do better on shipment" because we haven't been complaining about the shield being on the back since the dawn of time. Sure.
They're both pretty fun actually, normally don't run them at all, but grinded platinum for both last week and it was actually pretty fun on shoothouse. But this 3 hit shit will make the riot shield fucking impossible.
[deleted]
    It'll take two hits in tier 1 now too. That doesn't sound much better.
    That's why I always carry Drill charges. No escaping that.
Jokr double kills should be doable now Shipment is here tbf, just aim at Hardpoint. You will get 15 eventually
    I miss hardcore shipment from MW2019  where everything you do gets you a free kill, like i had so many killa just by throwing the snapshot grande at face of someone lol or just tossing a frag over the map on the spawn locations of enemy give you a popcorn 😂
        Hardcore shoot the ship was my favorite time playing cod since I was in middle school
Launcher camos are not hard at all. Worst thing is the poly challenge for double kills with the pila and strela, but literally just try using it as a primary for a couple games. You’ll get smoked for about 3 or 4 games and then will be playing in bot lobbies for the rest of it.
    Platinum on the Strella was the worst for me. Took me forever to figure out how to somewhat consistently hit UAVs with them. Was practically begging for an enemy team that used CUAVs for the easier points.  

Double kills were a pain on it, too. Worst launcher imo. Idk what niche or role it's supposed to fill - the other three launchers are far superior.
        Def the worst launcher, got it gold and it was a complete pain in the ass to do but probably gonna skip it and shield now (plat) for poly.
        It seems like a useless launcher. AOE dmg is bad in comparison to PILA and RPG, in my experience I need to damn near direct hit to get a kill. Can someone confirm if it has more vehicles dmg to compensate?
            Took me more than 6 shots with the Strella to down a VTOL with my team shooting at it. I want to say I down a VTOL in 4 or 5 with the PILA with no assistance. Strella is awful.
                Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
        Totally agree. It’s so weird how the rocket that seemingly has the fastest velocity has drop. Finally got it poly the other day and will never equip it again.
        No lock on, slow reload, low explosive yield, low ammo count, slow movement... it's literally a meme weapon
        I just moved on to other weapons for the Strela's camo challenges and worked on those until I got in a game with people running CUAVs. It's way easier to do passively while you're working on other weapons than to just hard focus it.

I was able to figure out how to do UAV kills by the end, but honestly, it was just too much effort.
Only 51 platinum challenges need to be completed for polyatomic. Same for Orion
Yes, I have the Victus XMR and M13 platinum and it’s counting towards the requirement for polyatomic. 47/51, just need to do launchers
Maybe but there will be a lot of people not on full health with the constant nades, flashes, just getting out of gun fights and all that.
    FUCK YOU GREEDY LITTLE PIG BOY u/SPEZ, I NUKED MY 7 YEAR COMMENT HISTORY JUST FOR YOU -- mass edited with redact.dev
        Sure but there is plenty of times you’ll get Naded but not kill the guy who did it. Or get shot but only get the assist. 

Just saying for the amount of random engagements you’ll get I still think Shipment would be a fine choice if Tier 1 bores you to tears
Do throwing knives work if you have riot shield as primary? I know this was a great way of getting the knife gold in zombies in Vanguard.

Edit: spelling
    Lethals like throwing knife only work for weapon EXP on th gun you have equipped (i levled my launchers by pretty much only using knife). Their kills do not count for the camo challenges. Those you have to do with the actual weapon.
        Thanks for the info!!
You have to get 51 weapons to poly for Orion. It can be any weapon that is in the game, I believe.
If the devs add more weapons into the game, that doesn't change the camo requirement for Orion which is to complete 51 polyatomic camos. For Polyatomic, the requirement is to complete 51 platinum weapon challenges.

If you don't want to get the riot shield to platinum, you could look into one of the newer weapons recently added to get to platinum instead. It should still count towards that 51 requirement.
    I was gonna use the newer guns so I don't have to do the launchers
I don't believe so. I think there is just a bare minimum of plats needed - category doesn't matter. If it does, I'm confident that they will add more melee weapons. They did so in 2019.
Right? I was preferring to do shield, knife, and RPGs over snipers with their 50m long shots...
Suboptimal
Hopefully not.
They could also prevent the shield from being selected if the class has the overkill perk on. Which, IMO, is the simplest and best solution since it doesn't impact anything else.
    No. That's the logical solution, common now we need something creatively convoluted and less effective
That takes real work to redesign the shield, animate it, change player animations, etc. Would be far more simple to just turn off the magic bullet deflector.
    I mean thats what I pay 60€ for right? For a new game with real work put into it?
        lol not even close. You paid 60 for work to be done on Warzone and DMZ.
            Yeah true tho. Sad world
Oh that makes sense. Sorry, I’m still recovering from the IQ drop after reading the shield nerf
People aren’t pissed about shield usage when it’s as intended. People are upset about players who always keep the shield stowed, so something like 75% of their silhouette is completely invulnerable from behind.

The same people who are complaining about shields are just as pissed about this bullshit nerf as anyone else. 

If you’re gonna be upset, be upset with IW, they dropped the ball.
For real, and I think a good throwing knife is as fair as a good snipe. Not everyone can dome an enemy that far with a knife so it’s not like it’s the most OP thing out there by a long shot. I’m just gonna be honest, most people aren’t that great and simply panic when they see a shield. I’ve faced several opponents who gave me a fair run for my money with their movement and equipment, and in the end, all was well. They respected good melee and I respected their counters. And to be even more honest, it’s so easy to kill shielders, whether they melee or have a gun. I think most people complain for the sake of complaining. There’d be no guns if every complaint was heard so why nerf melee when it’s really not the issue.
LMAO
    I know, so naive of me!
No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
    Yeah, sure, I’ll hit you up.
What's weird is I have been playing BF2042 and people still just let tanks and helicopters run rampant instead of, you know, gearing up to counter them.
    As a long-time battlefield player, I feel your pain as well
No feeling quite like sniping a helo out of the sky with a Strela for me. You want to play some time?
Shock stick or smokes to cover you, thermite, strela-P and munitions box is what you want. Fast Hands is super super worth it, too.
Thermite, shock, double/triple Strela to the back of the vehicle or the turret, resupply, and repeat. I find that the crew usually jump out after a critical hit or two, which seems to disable IFVs.

The ammo caches around the map will also resupply gear/rockets, so it’s worth hitting those up or sitting on them since they’re usually near objectives. 

A little bit of strategy/positioning goes a long, long way towards taking out vehicles.
Negative. The vehicle must explode otherwise I cannot be satisfied.
Launchers are already useless against killstreaks. 4+ RPG hits against a VTOL, while I can just magdump an LMG and take ti down in half the time. GG.

IDK who the hell though it would be a great idea to cripple launchers against streaks. Pila takes less hits (including the "flare" shot) than an RPG. AND THAT SHIT IS GUIDED. SMH
    Shouldn't the PILA take fewer hits? It takes longer to shoot, longer to reload, and is *meant* for killstreaks -- the RPG is more anti-personnel.
        Eh, but with an RPG you have slower travel time and the need to aim / lead a target. For balancing reasons it's pretty stupid that you basically need to die at least once to destroy a VTOL for example.

Strela-P? It literally says: "devastating against vehicles" in its description and you need 6(!!!!) hits on a VTOL to bring it down. It basically doesn't have any splash damage at all against personnel (redeeming quality of the RPG) and it's just a very weird decision. One that doesn't make sense at all. Launchers were balanced well in MW19 imo, I just don't get why they nerfed them this hard.
            The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
        It's the guided part that makes me disagree. It should at least be the same damage, seeing how it can hit other streaks the rpg cant.
        I agree with your statement unless we are talking about the Border crossing map (I forget it's name) in MP. 
I launched Jokr missile about 30 seconds into a match and it detonated nine cars in the centre. 
Netted me 4 kills at the beginning and utterly demoralized the opposition.  😁
    Went back to MW2019... dropped a fresh VTOL with two RPG's and a few rounds from a SMG... so nice to see it does actual damage to a plane!
    I’m pretty sure you can free fire the Pila without a lock on. But if something flares the missile will still track the flare.
    As someone who’s never used launchers, do you even spawn with 4 rpg rounds? I assumed it was like 1 maybe 2
        You spawn with 2 and can get an additional one from Ammoboxes. 

So unless you restock twice or run over a launcher from a dead guy you need to die at least once. With Strela you need to die at least twice, even if you hit all shots
Right! then no one will be shooting down anything as its a penalty to even have them on your back.. good thinking! 

Because launchers are sooooo over powered right?
    And the fact that you don't even have enough ammo to shoot it down from the get go lol I have no idea how I managed to platinum mine
        Trying to lock choppers is like choosing to go negative for the team.

It's probably better off packing a MG with incendiary ammo.
            I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
Lol I had to urban dictionary what that was 🤮
    Yeah its something you don't forget lol
Memories of a terrible Game Grumps episode of them discovering this and sharing with the world flooding back
i even took a two year break from the franchise

didn’t buy MW2 because of the name, bought it because i actually liked the 2019 MW

first CoD in 5+ years i thoroughly enjoyed, and they fucked me for it
> They’re either idiots or assholes.

I think it’s both.
It'll take two hits in tier 1 now too. That doesn't sound much better.
That's why I always carry Drill charges. No escaping that.
I miss hardcore shipment from MW2019  where everything you do gets you a free kill, like i had so many killa just by throwing the snapshot grande at face of someone lol or just tossing a frag over the map on the spawn locations of enemy give you a popcorn 😂
    Hardcore shoot the ship was my favorite time playing cod since I was in middle school
Platinum on the Strella was the worst for me. Took me forever to figure out how to somewhat consistently hit UAVs with them. Was practically begging for an enemy team that used CUAVs for the easier points.  

Double kills were a pain on it, too. Worst launcher imo. Idk what niche or role it's supposed to fill - the other three launchers are far superior.
    Def the worst launcher, got it gold and it was a complete pain in the ass to do but probably gonna skip it and shield now (plat) for poly.
    It seems like a useless launcher. AOE dmg is bad in comparison to PILA and RPG, in my experience I need to damn near direct hit to get a kill. Can someone confirm if it has more vehicles dmg to compensate?
        Took me more than 6 shots with the Strella to down a VTOL with my team shooting at it. I want to say I down a VTOL in 4 or 5 with the PILA with no assistance. Strella is awful.
            Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
    Totally agree. It’s so weird how the rocket that seemingly has the fastest velocity has drop. Finally got it poly the other day and will never equip it again.
    No lock on, slow reload, low explosive yield, low ammo count, slow movement... it's literally a meme weapon
    I just moved on to other weapons for the Strela's camo challenges and worked on those until I got in a game with people running CUAVs. It's way easier to do passively while you're working on other weapons than to just hard focus it.

I was able to figure out how to do UAV kills by the end, but honestly, it was just too much effort.
FUCK YOU GREEDY LITTLE PIG BOY u/SPEZ, I NUKED MY 7 YEAR COMMENT HISTORY JUST FOR YOU -- mass edited with redact.dev
    Sure but there is plenty of times you’ll get Naded but not kill the guy who did it. Or get shot but only get the assist. 

Just saying for the amount of random engagements you’ll get I still think Shipment would be a fine choice if Tier 1 bores you to tears
Lethals like throwing knife only work for weapon EXP on th gun you have equipped (i levled my launchers by pretty much only using knife). Their kills do not count for the camo challenges. Those you have to do with the actual weapon.
    Thanks for the info!!
I was gonna use the newer guns so I don't have to do the launchers
No. That's the logical solution, common now we need something creatively convoluted and less effective
I mean thats what I pay 60€ for right? For a new game with real work put into it?
    lol not even close. You paid 60 for work to be done on Warzone and DMZ.
        Yeah true tho. Sad world
I know, so naive of me!
Yeah, sure, I’ll hit you up.
As a long-time battlefield player, I feel your pain as well
Shouldn't the PILA take fewer hits? It takes longer to shoot, longer to reload, and is *meant* for killstreaks -- the RPG is more anti-personnel.
    Eh, but with an RPG you have slower travel time and the need to aim / lead a target. For balancing reasons it's pretty stupid that you basically need to die at least once to destroy a VTOL for example.

Strela-P? It literally says: "devastating against vehicles" in its description and you need 6(!!!!) hits on a VTOL to bring it down. It basically doesn't have any splash damage at all against personnel (redeeming quality of the RPG) and it's just a very weird decision. One that doesn't make sense at all. Launchers were balanced well in MW19 imo, I just don't get why they nerfed them this hard.
        The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
    It's the guided part that makes me disagree. It should at least be the same damage, seeing how it can hit other streaks the rpg cant.
    I agree with your statement unless we are talking about the Border crossing map (I forget it's name) in MP. 
I launched Jokr missile about 30 seconds into a match and it detonated nine cars in the centre. 
Netted me 4 kills at the beginning and utterly demoralized the opposition.  😁
Went back to MW2019... dropped a fresh VTOL with two RPG's and a few rounds from a SMG... so nice to see it does actual damage to a plane!
I’m pretty sure you can free fire the Pila without a lock on. But if something flares the missile will still track the flare.
As someone who’s never used launchers, do you even spawn with 4 rpg rounds? I assumed it was like 1 maybe 2
    You spawn with 2 and can get an additional one from Ammoboxes. 

So unless you restock twice or run over a launcher from a dead guy you need to die at least once. With Strela you need to die at least twice, even if you hit all shots
And the fact that you don't even have enough ammo to shoot it down from the get go lol I have no idea how I managed to platinum mine
    Trying to lock choppers is like choosing to go negative for the team.

It's probably better off packing a MG with incendiary ammo.
        I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
Yeah its something you don't forget lol
Hardcore shoot the ship was my favorite time playing cod since I was in middle school
Def the worst launcher, got it gold and it was a complete pain in the ass to do but probably gonna skip it and shield now (plat) for poly.
It seems like a useless launcher. AOE dmg is bad in comparison to PILA and RPG, in my experience I need to damn near direct hit to get a kill. Can someone confirm if it has more vehicles dmg to compensate?
    Took me more than 6 shots with the Strella to down a VTOL with my team shooting at it. I want to say I down a VTOL in 4 or 5 with the PILA with no assistance. Strella is awful.
        Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
Totally agree. It’s so weird how the rocket that seemingly has the fastest velocity has drop. Finally got it poly the other day and will never equip it again.
No lock on, slow reload, low explosive yield, low ammo count, slow movement... it's literally a meme weapon
I just moved on to other weapons for the Strela's camo challenges and worked on those until I got in a game with people running CUAVs. It's way easier to do passively while you're working on other weapons than to just hard focus it.

I was able to figure out how to do UAV kills by the end, but honestly, it was just too much effort.
Sure but there is plenty of times you’ll get Naded but not kill the guy who did it. Or get shot but only get the assist. 

Just saying for the amount of random engagements you’ll get I still think Shipment would be a fine choice if Tier 1 bores you to tears
Thanks for the info!!
lol not even close. You paid 60 for work to be done on Warzone and DMZ.
    Yeah true tho. Sad world
Eh, but with an RPG you have slower travel time and the need to aim / lead a target. For balancing reasons it's pretty stupid that you basically need to die at least once to destroy a VTOL for example.

Strela-P? It literally says: "devastating against vehicles" in its description and you need 6(!!!!) hits on a VTOL to bring it down. It basically doesn't have any splash damage at all against personnel (redeeming quality of the RPG) and it's just a very weird decision. One that doesn't make sense at all. Launchers were balanced well in MW19 imo, I just don't get why they nerfed them this hard.
    The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
It's the guided part that makes me disagree. It should at least be the same damage, seeing how it can hit other streaks the rpg cant.
I agree with your statement unless we are talking about the Border crossing map (I forget it's name) in MP. 
I launched Jokr missile about 30 seconds into a match and it detonated nine cars in the centre. 
Netted me 4 kills at the beginning and utterly demoralized the opposition.  😁
You spawn with 2 and can get an additional one from Ammoboxes. 

So unless you restock twice or run over a launcher from a dead guy you need to die at least once. With Strela you need to die at least twice, even if you hit all shots
Trying to lock choppers is like choosing to go negative for the team.

It's probably better off packing a MG with incendiary ammo.
    I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
Took me more than 6 shots with the Strella to down a VTOL with my team shooting at it. I want to say I down a VTOL in 4 or 5 with the PILA with no assistance. Strella is awful.
    Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
Yeah true tho. Sad world
The only usable launcher IMO is the RPG. It's actually still pretty ok but only after the fast hands perk becomes active. PILA is a disgrace, especially compared to the MW19 one. Strela feels pointless since it's really good for nothing. Even the Javelin probably takes like 3-4 shots to down a VTOL lmao 😂 but hey I won't complain, try Cold Wars launchers where they literally can't kill anyone except in hardcore maybe 🤣 You spawn with like 6 RPG rockets for a reason since it'll take 3 hits to kill someone
I noticed pretty quickly how incendiary ammo will bring one down in less than a clip with taq v lol
Still the fact it takes 4 or 5 pila and you don't spawn with enough to take it down is retarded
