[[Me after an accidental 11 KD match knowing what’s about to go down in the next 5]]





Even being up by 5 is enough to punish me
    i got punished hard for having a 1.2kd yesterday. next match was MLG bunny hoping 360 no scope gods just 2 tapping me every time I turned a corner and ended up like 3-18 or some shit. All using that same female operator skin like it makes a difference and their gold lachman subs lmao
        My motto has become “gotta have a bad game to have a good game” I’d be stoked going 3-18 knowing my next game is gonna be against the make-a-wish kids.
            I wish it was that simple. I routinely get put in these adderall riddled lobbies no matter how negative I go.
                Same. When I see all the “TTV” or “YT” names and clan tags I know I’m in trouble.
                    Most of those TTV people are trash to be honest. I encounter them all the time in my games and they are never anywhere near the top of the boards. People exaggerate a bit too much about YouTubers and Twitch streamers. They don’t become superhuman just because they stream.
                        Facts. Whenever I play apex and I get a teammate with ttv in theie name they die qnd leave immediately most of the time. I've seen a few people with the tag go off in Mw2 but not many
                    Wait until you met the [Phub]…
                        The pornstar names are typically pretty average in my experience
                            Well, at least they won’t f*ck your mom like the “iTzViruzz”, “pr0MagicZz” or “Hitachi Uchiha” (or any other Naruto related). 

Quite ironic, if you ask me.
                            With Lhana Rhodes always being ESPECIALLY mid
                                I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
                    Or when i see names like this あいり愛梨 😭💀
                        GG when these show up 🥲
                        Joined a lobby and after a minute realized my teammates weren't speaking English and was like

....Oh No.....OH NO.....
                        When you live in East Asia.... That's all I see every game. I can go 0-20 and my next game is even worse. >.>
                    I t-bag every last youtuber I play against so their viewers can watch a complete fucking scrub bagging their favorite sweatlord. If this game is gonna punish me for having a good match, you better believe I'm gonna find a way to have fun with it lol.
                    Most of them actually suck, it's really fun to shit on them.
                Yeah, it feels little it takes 3-4 games of getting absolutely slaughtered before the system returns me to a lobby that fits my actual skill level.
                    Same. I reach this level of lobbies that absolutely slaughter me and it takes like 4 matches before I'm placed into a bot lobby. I get 2 or 3 of those and then I'm back to matches where I'm 4-15. 


It just seems like there is no middle ground where I should belong.
                        Yup. I get that feeling of there being no middle ground too. Additionally, good K/D between two players doesn't mean they have the same skill level. One person could be good at controlling a zone and being more methodical. The other person may have a good K/D from being a quickscoping beast. 

Just because I'm good at controlling a zone one game doesn't mean I should be matched with a quickscoping God the next game.
                            This happened last night.  Got into a lobby where we were able to hold the hard point everytime and eventually got pushed off with 5-10 left.  I was getting defends and assists from just holding.  


Next match "you went 22-7? Here's a bunch of quick scopers and Remington kids who do not miss so you're gonna die after one bullet and go 8-10.  But because we pushed zones STILL got the W.
                                Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
                                    So much spr abuse.
                        Wait, so the lobbies where I’m doing great and feeling absolutely competent are bot lobbies?

Fuck.
                            I’ve had a few where I thought I was playing bots. I’m like how can ppl be this bad?
                                i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
                            No, just a poor choice of words on my part.
                            Most likely. It definitely knows who to pair you against for a good match. Typically it’s people with little awareness and bad reaction times. Makes your good matches feel manufactured and rigged. The whole experience is kinda rigged unless you’re in the top 1% who are very high skilled. I just roll with it. I’m in the process of leveling up every gun so Idc about my performance too much anymore as long as I’m still progressing.
                        I think instead of trying to find people of relatively similar skill, it tries to find a couple really good people, some mid, and a few scrubs, so everyone has someone they can kill, in theory, but it ends up just being unbalanced af.  I’m just guessing but that’s how it feels sometimes.
                        These comments need to be on IW Twitter page so they can see I’m not the only one complaining about SBMM
                            Pych101 kids, the game hasn't changed
                                Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
                Same for me also, one really good game and I am stuck in what feels like optic/faze lobbies for at least the next 5 games.
                I dunno if my SBMM has a broken or what but the moment I played two matches it puts me in lobbies with all level 55, gold guns, the works. 

IW needs to chill bruh I'm only like level 14
                I went 8 and 79 because I kept drill charging myself because I was fed up with how cracked my lobbies were. Next game I went against a YouTuber who basically kicked my teeth in so hard I quit the game and haven't touched it since 😢
                Gotta agree here, went 5-20 trying to get hip fire kills with the Scar and still got lobbies for dolphin diving sweats on Embassy
                Doesn't that sound more like random matchmaking than SBMM?
                    The TTV boys are reverse boosting to fish for clips against bad players. I suppose that's just MW's version of smurfing.
                        I wish I could believe the addition of ranked lobbies will give those assholes something better to do, but I know it won't stop. Pub stomping makes them feel important
                Skill issue
                    How is it a skill issue if I'm constantly put in lobbies with kids that are playing every match like it's the final round of the CDL Championship
            Hahaha Make A Wish kids.
                They probably actually slay
            Especially when going for camos. Get fucking rocked and then get hype knowing you'll knock some challenges out the way next game.
                We can just do them in shipment next week, though.
            I know this is gonna sound like a schizo moment but i almost wonder if that is exactly what they want to happen. They’ve flipped peoples mentality on doing poorly from wanting to quit or change games into wanting to play again for the chance that the next game could be really good. Almost feels like we’re just gambling with the lobbies and that “the next one is the one, can’t stop now” and all of a sudden youve been playing for hours.
                That's exactly what's happening. If you keep stomping you will stop playing. If you keep getting stomped you will stop playing. So the matchmaking system feeds you both games in order to keep you playing, and by extension, buying skins and cosmetics.
                    Fucking stupid just to make trash players feel better
            Most of the times it's 5-7 bad games to have just 1 good game
        I was pretty exhausted last night, had a game where I had a 2.2kd. Joined the next game. Started off 0-8. Turned off my Xbox and went to bed.
            😂 I’ve been there to many times with call of duty.
        It's always the curly hair lady.
        Swear it's either the lachman sub, m4 or one of the marksman rifles from these kinds of players
            I like the M4 and Lachmann sub. If you use snipers or marksman rifles your just trash and should go back to fortnite
        They’re not gods. It’s called EOMM. Google it
        Honestly I call complete bullshit. There’s no damn way some of y’all are that damn bad. 

I’m by no stretch of the word a good player, I’d call myself average at best. Occasionally i’ll pop off on a couple 25-10 games or some shit and get *slightly* more difficult games the next few games. By that I mean like I may go 8-10 or 10-15. And when partied up with some absolute sweats that we play with I average going like 8-10 or so while they drop 20 or 30 kills to ~15 deaths in the sweat lobbies we play in.

but I have never seen any person get put into a game where they go 3-18 after pulling a 1.2 KD. Unless you dropped 40 kills or some shit I call absolute bullshit, or you’re just a bad player.

Me, an average at best player, can hold 8 or 10 kills in absolute sweat lobbies. Ain’t no damn way you can only get 3 kills.
            yea man for sure
            Happens to me every day.
            I just read the entire thread it sounds like a lot of bad players
                It’s not it’s SBMM that fucks you
Me.  Last night.  
Handed the remote to my wife and told her to play a few rounds for me to reset my sbmm to a more acceptable level lmfao
    So you CAN suck a few rounds to get into less sweaty lobbies?
        When I get into a sweaty lobby I just play the objective hard and usually get a top score with the fewest kills and most deaths. After a few rounds like this I'll get people that aren't jumping or sliding around every corner.
            I was in a lobby like this last night. They kept sliding on me so I just switched to a shotgun and listened for the slide. Popped them the moment they appeared. It was fun.
            for the last 3 days every match has had people who have laser accuracy. Jump every corner using the SPR or some SMG and sliding everywhere and i typically go negative but have the top objective score still in bad lobbies every game and the game still refuses to give me good ping.
            I’ve been in hardpoint matches where I’d have over 3 minutes and everyone else has sub 1 minute 🥲
                Those are half of my games, not even exaggerating
                I get teammates with sub 10 seconds over here.. Craptivision really wants me to carry these guys, and I probably could if they put down the glue they’re eating for a second and PTFO! 💀

P.S. There are hard point matches where we lose by a lot and there’s an idiot with 45+ kills and 5 seconds on the point up on the leaderboard.. GO PLAY TDM YOU DONUT
        100%. The best course of action is to just leave the game if you get sweaty lobbies.

Everyone on Twitch is doing exactly that because it sucks at the moment.
            >Everyone on Twitch is doing exactly that because it sucks at the moment.

The irony of that, though. Streamers are the show-off players.
                It actually makes perfect sense. Streamers do want to show off to pull in subs and donations - in ranked, they want to show off their rank (for example, one might watch a Grandmaster Quinn main in LoL just because they're a Grandmaster Quinn main). In casual, they want to show a skill disparity. If casual games are super competitive and it's tough to tell the streamer is doing well, it may not be interesting for viewers since they have no indicator of general skill level present.

The stronger SBMM gets, the closer casual is to tempermental ranked with nothing shiny to show off, which isn't what pulls in subs for them. The absolute best (actual pros) can still post good scores, but the people somewhat above average don't get a visible result for their effort to show off to others.
            Yup. Play out the fun games, leave the not fun ones, it’s tolerable that way
                Quitters suck though. I've had so many games that were close ruined by quitters and somehow the game just struggles to fill that 1 or 2 missing spots.
                    [deleted]
                    Blame activision.
                    I mean yeah if it’s a close fun game I wouldn’t leave
                    Really? I feel like 90% of my initial search games are JiP
                If you're regularly quitting mid match, perhaps you just don't like the game? You're getting a loss stat either way, may as well at least fuck around in the game rather than looking at the laggy lobby.
                    I’m not regularly quitting tho? Probably 1 every 5-6 matches I can tell I’m getting SBMM-fucked with a shit team to carry and I just leave lol, I’m not getting paid to coach bad kids
                        Dude, that is regular. Like Jesus that's multiple a day.
                            I mean shitty SBMM is nothing new to CoD 😂 this is exactly how you actually maintain enjoyment with the game. 

Play the fair matches, leave the unfair ones. It’s so easy
                                Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
                                    It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
                                    [deleted]
            Unfortunately the game punishes you for leaving matches early by putting you in already starting matches which are losing 99 percent of the time.

If you always stay until the end it tends to give you mostly fresh matches
            Do you not get put in a leavers queue or something? I feel like I have bad games after leaving
                Nah, nor should it. It's casual not ranked.

Ranked should have a leavers queue.
            If you quit a lobby every time you aren’t winning, you are the sweaty player lmao.
                Not how it works. A sweaty player would switch loadout to a meta class just to win. I'm exiting because I'm a filthy casual and want to relax with an M4 and capture some flags.

They want to go into domination, ignore the objectives and get as many chopper gunners as possible.

We are not the same.
        The prevailing theory is that SBMM is designed to have your matches follow a pattern on wins and losses that is most likely to keep you playing.  This is based on studies of players to see what pattern of W/L lead to the most player engagement.  It’s impossible to know for certain though.

So extreme performances either good or bad seem to quickly affect your next matches.
            You pay attention to whether you won or lost?
                I’m not a bot going for camos so yes I play the game to try to win.
        You can’t just RPG yourself over and over like we did back in 2019, the system will catch that, but now you can kill someone and die 2-3 times right after, just to tank you k/d, do this for about 3/4 matches
            i fucking knew it
            Good to know cause I was killing it in hardpoint then went over to invasion and holy hell was it sweaty
        The sbmm in this game is RAPID
        Yup as long as u fall below the threshold long enough the game will toss u bot lobbies.
        Were you around in 2019? I'm sure camo grinders will show off videos of their lobbies over the next month or so.

It's bad lol. You go from people who are the gods of spawn prediction and have their headsets tuned to hear a pin drop to people who might genuinely have a hard time against regular bots.
        I have no way of verifying it, but it does feel that way.  My wife and I usually switch off, I do fairly well every match, she usually trails towards the bottom of the score list. 
As long as we go turn for turn, I am in sweet, very killable lobbies. . . As soon as I am grinding on my own on the weekends as an example, after the first couple of rounds, I start getting my shit rocked lol.
I then go back to playing with her taking turns, and after a few matches, I'm back to consistently being in 1st or 2nd place of the lobby every match.

So idk, but yea, I believe so.
            You do understand that to everyone else in those “sweet, very killable lobbies” you’re the sweaty player, right? 

SBMM isn’t broken, Redditors just don’t like that they actually have to play against people at the same skill level as them and intentionally manipulate the algorithm so they can keep pub stomping easy lobbies of people who never stood a chance against them anyways. It’s the video game equivalent of an adult registering in a kid’s wrestling tournament just so they can beat up a bunch of weaker competitors.
                Facts lmao. Everyone wants to do the stomping and no one wants to get stomped.
                    They think they should always finish in the top 3 on the leaderboard, and if they don’t it’s SBMM’s fault. 

I’ve also noticed that the only people who complain about getting thrown around in crazy lobbies are the ones who talk about manipulating the SBMM algorithm to keep their games easier. Like, no wonder it’s not working well for you, you keep intentionally fucking with it.
                That's called sandbagging and it's cute how common it is to find folks proud of it.   


"Yeah man when I go down a few SBMM tiers I stomp"  
Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.
                    To be fair, most complaints about SBMM are met with "if you don't want to be sweaty all the time, just stop trying as hard" which is a fancy way to describe sandbagging.

I just can't bring myself to do it, but I've had tons of proponents of SBMM tell me to over the last few years. In the past, when people wanted better scores in casual the solution was to improve. Now, the solution is to trick SBMM, intentionally (sandbag/reverse boost) or unintentionally (get killed on off meta setups and then switch to meta). Even several high end players use geofiltering to keep themselves in the US, because ultimately the game is totally willing to send you to Europe if it thinks that's the only way to push your score back down.
                    > Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.


Your logic doesn't work.

You must be by a large margin the best cod player wo talk this planet to stomp "on their own skill level" - and thats because no one is matching your level.

By design you won't stomp in shitty SBMM lobbies, because no matter how much you improve you'll be put against equally skilled people every single game.
                        Tell me you don't play at a high level without telling me.
                            I don't play this trash game at all, i play actual competitive FPS like cs:go. 

The highest tier of any competitive shooter is filled with the same top% so unless you're the 1% of the 1% you won't constantly stomp.
                                You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
                                    How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
                I suppose, but it seems more balance to me in my circumstances as described.  Yes I score high, but that is objective based.   I'm not absolutely stomping everyone soley on kills, it honestly seems more "skill" matched.  The kill spread is usually fairly even as well.  [Ptfo.]
I don't encounter bunny hoppers, or long corner campers, or quick scopers like when it bumps me up a skill bracket.  It sucks trying to play legit and getting spawn trapped or you can't round a corner without a bullet in the head 6 out of 7 spawns.
Imo higher skilled lobbies are loaded with cancerous players using frustrating techniques that ruin the enjoyment of a match.  /  lower skilled lobbies are more straight forward gun play.  
But again, just my opinion based off my personal observations.  
I appreciate your input.
    The key is to play split screen with the wife. Every game is a fucking blast I'm popping 60 kill games she's down 5-30
        You monster, I love it 🤣
    bro just threw her wife to the wolves 💀
    Relationship goals, that’s a good idea.
    You play with a remote control??? This aim-assist is getting ridiculous
        I do, I currently play on an Xbox series s until I finish my new pc build.  With the cross play lobbies, I am honestly thankful for the aim assist.  Used to be against it, but now, we at least stand a slight chance at going toe to toe with pc kids.
            sorry, I was trying to joke that you were getting crazy kd with a TV remote control. 😅 I got no hate on game controllers since cross play is mandatory now
            I love the idea of aim assist to allow everyone to play together but man, they over did it to the point that a lot of people are using controllers on PC for the advantage.
                I tried that, and while the aim assist was ridiculous, I couldn’t revert back to my Halo 1 days of being a game pad FPS player. It’s kbm till I die now.
            The controller aim assist has always evened it out. Now controller players have an extreme advantage
    Play the weapon that give's Just enough Handicap to still be fun but locks you at around 70% effectivness.  
For.me the Revolver ist the perfekt weapon, onetap Potential. But it's Harder than the marksman so i get the right lobbies to have fun and a challange
        The Basilisk 🥰 
I love that mindset, good looks!
    Can only imagine how miserable your wife was getting stomped in those lobbies lmao
        Yes 🤣, but she IS improving. . . So we'll be covered in sweat soon enough.
I went 30-4 today on a game of free for all and then proceeded to get wrecked the next 4 matches.
    Icarus over here flew too close to the sun
        When the single X12 starts to feel really good in a hardpoint match, you’ve gone too far.
            I started leveling the revolver a couple of days ago. At first I got wrecked of course, but about 5 matches in I realized how absolutely afwul the movement of my teammates was. I'm not even talking about the guys that sit in a bush to camp the whole match going 5-3, or those that crouch after spawning and slowly move around in ADS, not really encountering anyone the whole match, but about those that walk around as if their controller only has 1 stick and 3 buttons. Those are the ones that indeed make you think you entered a make a wish / retirement home / special needs / on the internet no one knows you're a dog lobbies. I slipped a bit too far through those cracks, and after one 21-4 or something match, I came right into the sweet spot where my revolver was competetive enough against M16s and Lachmann Subs to get around a 1 K/D. I know there's a lot of hating on SBMM, but I was actually quite impressed by how well it works.
                Although it’s [SBMM] still quite present, it feels different than the last few games. 

[I could just be getting worse at CoD over time]

There was a game the other day (Hardpoint on el Asilo) where it felt like there was only *one* really good player on the other team(the guy that turns into your nemesis for the match, you know?). 

I got several really nice feeds, good amount of time on the OBJ, etc, but at the same time, my team was getting railed. 

I checked the scoreboard, and my “nemesis” was carrying his whole team[of corner campers], and somehow I’m close to the top using just a pistol.

I still lost tremendously for the next 3 matches, but that one was still pretty interesting.
                It does not work well 😂😂 at all
            Bro, I was running the single x12 and just barely scraping by. Then I get a match inwhich I was at the top of the of my team and by far. I felt like people were diving to get their head in the way of my bullets. I knew that this was my freebie, before I start getting gaped by the ranged diving spr head shotters.
        First name Icarus last name 5.56
    😂😂 the pain and frustration can be felt bro
    That my friend is when you load up youtube and just afk till it goes back to normal
    SBMM sucks
I hit a 20 K/D in Invasion, am scared to play normal MP now.
    I'd just uninstall the game if I were you.
        Might be an interesting experiment though, I will get hammered so hard next match it might put me in to a complete newbie lobby.

I could end up going from Dropping a nuke to being nuked in a cycle.
            Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
                This nuke was from me, now it’s from us.
    I'm so sorry
    I'm pretty sure invasion and Quickplay have seperated sbmm
        If invasion even has it. If I recall, Ground War in MW2019 didn’t have it. I’d play ground war most of the time and be able to streak
            Im not 100% sure, but i think ground war had some kind of sbmm. I'd have a few good ground war games. then all of a sudden I couldnt find a game in Aus or NZ at 8pm on a fri/sat night when i could see everyone on my diff discord servers all playing.   
I'd get put into some asian server, with 180ish ping and some guy with scribbles for a name aimbotting me.  
after that i'd get put in a game where 2/3 of my team were at the deployment running their move macros back, forwards, hop, nade, shoot, repeat to farm minimal xp and get easy lobbies.

theres just no winning
            Invasion does have it but it doesn't affect 6v6 sbmm
        I think you are right, however I think it still counts it in if you go back to normal MP.

Honestly nobody knows fully though.
            I played a fuck ton of Invasion and then went to mp and everyone was robots for my first game. Same thing in the beta, got a 28 killstreak my first game
        That’s why Invasion is the way to go right now. It feels so much more balanced than 6v6.
    Bro got carried away 💀

My strategy is to make sure I die proportionately to my kills so my K/D doesnt get too crazy, like every 2-3 kills i intentionally let someone kill me to balance out the K/D

Not sure if it actually works tho 💀
        [deleted]
            Actually same. I'm atrocious at this game but at the rare occasion my K/D goes 2+ i try to make sure I die enough too
                The games you go 2+ kd is the carrot activision dangles in front of you for the gamea you go 3-18. The never ending treadmill of dopamine. Balanced as all things should be
                    Yep, as soon as I notice I'm in one of those games I use a weapon I don't enjoy leveling and unlocking camos for.
        Kinda sad the game makes you want to play this way.
        I figure I get 2 chances to get RPG kills before it's time to "restock"
        Competitive SND got me sweeping house the first minute or two of the match in normal MP, I then gotta just kick back and let myself die as much as I killed in that time. No way do I want to get into lobbies where the other 6 players are all in a clan/party. When you see that shit, it's too late.
        lol This is me I reverse boost to normal lobbies to do camo challenges so I kill 3 I die 4 and repeat :P gets the camo done and no + KD :)
    I'm gonna lvl all the snipers in Invasion after I get the marksman rifles platinum, I'm already having nightmares about the first match I get back into 6v6
        Yeah, everybody is using SR which is annoying but also was always going to happen.

I hate to do the same and be the guy ruining peoples fun, however I see it dying down once people have completed the camp challenges.
            SRs are a pain in the ass to fight against but some of my favorite matches were when I tried using an SMG and got pooped on so I had to switch to my LAB and lay down the law
That's why i just focus on objective XP to level my guns. I maxed some of ny favorite guns and then realized there's still better attachments locked behind leveling completely unrelated guns.  

They transformed attachment unlocks from checkers into chess
    I’ve been focused on grinding Camos mostly. And even then I sometimes do well on accident, and end up getting smacked by SBMM
        Doing the RPG-7 got me into some funny lobbies. I got yelled at for being a loser with no skill for using a launcher
            Lol are you me? Finished my RPG last night. One match I got back to back Vtols because the players were just standing there.

The best part is hearing the other team screaming THIS GUY WITH  THE FUCKEN RPG.
So much fun
                I did the rpg-7 in third person, which is much easier tbf but also you can still counter it so many ways lol
    wait. Are you saying that capping a flag in domination gives my gun xp?
        Bingo bongo, my boy.

And if you want to level up a shit weapon because you can't get kills, just switch to it before you pick up dog tags or cap a dom flag. The xp goes to whatever weapon is equipped.


Launch a PILA rocket and while it's travelling to that UAV, switch to your shitty x12 pistol. Easy xp
            If you think the x12 is shitty… that thing has perfect accuracy faster sprint to fire than all guns, no recoil, and you can put out 2-3 shots before your opponent can react. 

Guns ass without attachments tho.
            Ho. Lee. Shit. Ty!
            Hey the x12 slaps, I think you mean the x13
    Im doing the BR tree. I like how every gun I start my first reation is "this gun is terrible, I can not wait to get it done",
 then by the end I think "Im gonna miss that gun". I have only grinded 1 gun that I was not fond of
    So, guns level up from objectives, as well as kills? 

That makes me feel even worse because I don't ignore them, and it's still taking me forever.
    Lol attachment unlocks are very easy to follow other than when they don’t say what the requirement is and you actually have to dig for it but even then that’s a bug issue, idk why everyone thinks it’s so wild now
        The level requirements being high on certain weapons (and whole weapons being locked as well) seems to be done at random and its annoying. In order to get plat AR's I had to level a battle rifle and LMG to near max.

If I want to use the SP-X 80 (I'm going for snipers right now), I have to level the SPR to level 13, the SAB 50 to level 16, then level the LAB 330 to level 17. Doing all that then having to level a random weapon just to put the scope I want on is such a grind. If I have to grind I'd prefer the old challenges of unlocking the weapon normally and just getting 100 HS or whatever.
        Because nobody wants to level up other to random ass guns they don't care about play with guns they do care about.
    This ^^
I went 50-3 somehow on border crossing with riot shield & rpg last week and I'm still feeling the effects of it
    SBMM be like

"never again will you experience joy"
        "you shall know pain"
            "Almighty push!"
    Double down and play like a total dick against the better players to piss them off.
        There's no better feeling than getting merked by snipers and switching to your own sniper build so you can clap their cheeks
            I go the total opposite route and just make their game less fun instead of trying to beat them at it. Smokes/claymores/shotgun/resupply.

Smoke their line of sight, leave claymores in random places to mess up their flow and make them paranoid about random corners, and then just blast them away while they scramble to adapt. It's almost like quick scope sweat kids are so focused on that type of play that they have no idea what to do when it stops being an option.
                What is it with people being afraid of thermal scopes in this game? I watch kill cams and all I see is iron sights or default scopes for snipers and marksman rifles. They legit become useless as soon as I put up a smoke wall with the drone and launch a few smoke grenades.
    When you get to the platinum challenge for launchers (if that's what you're going for) just ignore everybody and only focus on streaks etc.

By the time you're done it'll be the other way around and the next few matches will be a lot easier. Good for your riot shield and knife if you need to lvl them
    You’re the only one who deserves his fate.
[removed]
Before the sbmm fully kicked in for me. I got my first nuke ever. These days I'll be lucky to get a cruise missile
    I said the same lmaooo I had amazing 4 first matches and told my buddy ‘matchmaking hasn’t caught up yet’
        4 good matches=40 bad matches perfectly balanced as all things should be
    [deleted]
        "Bomb drone ready for deployment"
    Score streaks, hardline, objective based games. 

Get your streaks king
    Sad thing is the inverse is also true. I’ll sometimes run goofy loadouts for fun and after a while I end up going against total bots since I don’t perform well. 

If I start playing with my normal guns again it’s just a slaughter fest. It’s basically smurfing, except I’m not doing it on purpose.
This happened to me yesterday, I went 60-19 one game and the next 5 were basically unplayable games. I was struggling just to get one kill most of the time
I always just turn the game off after anything above a 2kd. It’s not worth wasting an hour of your sanity to sbmm
    Does it deteriorate over time or something?
        Always seems to work for me
        No, just typical outlandish anti-sbmm claims.
My daily cycle. 

Log in, check what that daily challenges are, do them for the first 2-3 games, performs poorly, then SBMM kicks in, popping off for 1 game with proper loadout, SBMM kicks in again, sweat feast for the next 3 games, log off.
    Spot on same experience
Im still recovering from a 7 KD match I had, 8 matches ago
    I don't even post positive. I'll go 0.7 KD but be on a winning team since I'll have 10-15+  tags denied and a ton of captures or 3+ minutes on the hardpoint. 

SBMM comes around the corner like *"How many times do I have to teach you old man!*"

I'm already out of my league. There is nothing but pain and respawning in my future.
        [deleted]
            Score absolutely plays a part in the algorithm. My last 10 games or so have been strictly tdm. The 3 most recent ones were against people I could actually beat.
            My buddy and I are hard on PTFO.  After dragging our team to about 6 victories we found ourselves in a death lobby.  It wasn't even just skill, it was connection. I'd get popped by 3 shots but on my side it was *peek* **DIE**.
Same always but always this fucking SBMM happens. I just had chopper yesterday and in the next match, I had those all odds against me. Even random grenades at spawn kill to getting one-shot kills from anywhere on the map. I always try to aim head, even tho I land almost the first shot, fucking netcode strikes back this time and I die instantly. I check the killcam and I am the one who is shooting first..
    Dude the net code is soooo fucking bad in this game. It’s ridiculous.
Played a game of Hardpoint - 5 kills and about 20 deaths. Couldn’t move without being quickscoped from all angles.

Next game - Search and Destroy - Got 18 kills and 0 deaths. Didn’t realise I was playing S&D until the end of the first round. Was walking around the map picking people off with ease.

After that? Pure pain for hours.
    It's because the sbmm is prioritized over connection and the servers must be overloaded. I've started paying attention to kill cams when it feels like I'm getting 1 shot and it looks like I'm a limp potato just standing there and they get a normal amount of hit markers, then I finally shoot at them. My reaction speed hasn't changed since the last match and I'm not a horrible player. There's almost no difference in their playstyle that I can notice, they're just on the better side of a shitty connection because the matchmaking is trying too hard.
        Every single time the matchmaking searches for lobbies up to 90+ ping, it never puts me in lobbies with less than that. It definitely affects the hitreg a lot and it's complete bs. Starting to feel like they're doing this on purpose, more of a way to punish you for being decent/good at the game.
            It almost has to be either an intentional priority thing with sbmm (sbmm over connection), overloaded servers (after opening surge dies down it gets better) or a combo of both. Either way it's horrible. So frustrating to watch a kill cam of a guy no sweatier than me just dog walking me bc on his screen I'm just standing there. I actually don't mind sweats, I make fun of them in lobbies but that's bc it's cod and you're supposed to do that, but if you're better than me I'm quietly taking notes on how I can be better. Which is why I liked the old days of connection over sbmm, sometimes you get to have fun and screw a lobby and other times you're getting taken for a walk and trying to learn how to be that sweaty. But rarely getting shit on only bc you're more than 1/10 sec behind them.
[deleted]
Same.. I had a 2.5 KD on a match.. the next 6-8 matches I was beat to a PULP!! I’m already burnt out on this game and finding it hard to feel motivated to even play.. to me it is just Counter Strike 2.0 and rebooted..
    It’s honestly really hard to load the game up and then be like “gee I wonder if I’m gonna get my shit kicked for the next hour before I can actually play the game today”
I just quit now. It's so blatantly obvious when it happens that I just leave the match. Fuck this game and it's horseshit matchmaking system. 

On some pathetic level I am hoping I am making some sort of noticeable statement by doing so. By leaving every time I feel it is being ridiculous and leaving those poor bastards on the losing side at even MORE of a disadvantage, I hope they all do the same and someone at IW finally starts to see a pattern of people being sick to death of being manipulated by their bullshit matchmaking system.

I know it's laughable at best and if I really wanted to make a statement I should just quit playing it, but it's a fun game when it isn't artificially making the game too easy or hard...
    Yeah, I've been doing the same thing. If I start getting repeatedly quick scoped and can barely turn a corner without getting blasted, I just leave. I have limited time to play games nowadays, so I want to enjoy the time I do have. And it's not like I NEED to dominate either. I just want to stand a chance and be on an even playing field.
        Yeah I'll literally leave 5-10 matches in a row if I sense sweat.
    There really needs to be a casual option. Or better yet, a camo playlist where nothing is recorded to stats except camos. Killstreaks disabled. Exp gains disabled. Might be a disincentive for the sweats. I've just spent that past few games trying to get my last 2 hipfire kills on an AR for gold. Got 0. Got stomped like 5 games in a row. I went 2-19 earlier and got placed right back into a lobby where people were getting 30+ kills. Like wtf man. I'm sick of this blatant manipulation in the background.
    Man complain with your wallet. I didnt buy this game until I confirmed if SBMM was strong or not. Adderal kids these days just need to pre-order play day 1. Send a message with your money
horror show 💀
I feel your pain bro. I don’t even want them to put combat records in the game cause I know once I see that. KD I’ll become depress 😂
went 22-4 once, played out of my fucking mind. way above my level. shit was just clicking. went 2-30 over the next three matches.
Went 30-12 on las almas, then immediately went 20-13 on Farm 18, a couple days ago, and Im still feeling the after effects.
SBMM really makes me wonder how the fuck do the devs themselves enjoy the game? Like it literally doesn’t benefit anyone except the bottom 10-20% and people of determination. Literally everyone else gets fucked over.
    Sbmm is not for enjoyment it's meant for player rentention and it's to drive up micro transactions. I remember in the original cods they just match people based on ping
    > how the fuck do the devs themselves enjoy the game

> it benefits the bottom 20%

you answered your own question

joe cecot isn't even getting bloodthirsties without sbmm
    Engagement and metrics man, that's all that matters.

It is addicting. I will go 5-20 and all I want to do is keep playing so I can fucking avenge that score.

There's a reason these companies are hiring human psychologists instead of developers. They have your entire behaviour mapped out before you've even loaded in. They know that if you win 3 games in a row you're likely to clsoe the game, so if you lose on the 2nd you'll keep playing another 4 to avenge that low KD.

I really hope we get some Zoomers into Government to start banning this shit. People will laugh at me but it's addicting and massively unethical.
        They pray upon the same receptors in the brain as casinos do to gamblers.
            My brain doesn't get pleasure from gambling so probably why I haven't bought a cod since cold war which I only bought for zombies.

I haven't bought a cod for multiplayer since  blops 2.
        I hate this timeline...
        Funny thing is when I start having shit games I absolutely will keep playing to avenge my score... but if I'm winning a lot I'll play even longer. I'll keep pushing through shit but eventually get frustrated and stop. If I'm winning I'm having fun and I will play all night.
    lol bold of you to think the devs "play" this game at all lol.
    I don’t know man every dev blog video from every game I’ve watched has shown me that devs are always dogass at their own games.
        Split gate devs were really really good at their own game. Jeff Kaplan the head of Overwatch was platinum ranked I believe, which is way better than average.
            I have a feeling the devs are getting fucking dog walked in their own sbmm algorithms. And the probably they don't see the issue because their so low in the sbmm barrel they don't even have a chance to feel the pain that I'm feeling.
    I don't think people would whine so much if they knew where they were on the ladder and could brag about it.
    All of the devs are the lowest of the low skillwise. So yeah they are the bottom.
        I can’t believe mfs are ass at a game they’ve made. Completely defeats the purpose. If u ain’t inspired to play and get better at ur own game then ur just preparing for failure.
            You think everyone at the Louisville Slugger factory is Hank Aaron?
            He just made that up you basket case
                You think they’re good that means?
                    No idea you lunatic
                        Damn someone’s pissed. Hope everything good at home lil bro 🤞🏼
                            You’re not well
                                Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
                                    ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
    Get better playing against people who challenge you. Dunking on the bottom 20% will only weaken your skills.
        That’s a very good point for a ranked mode, not pubs.
            Do they have a separate ranked mode yet?
                They do not, hence why when Ranked mode comes out and Warzone we'll see a return back to casual multiplayer.

That's the issue, the entire playerbase is focused into one playlist.
                    So all the nuke hunters will be playing with each other and the average player will be in a lobby with other average players? The average players would have incentive to stay in ranked and ride the smaller waves than get absolutely dunked on in a non sbmm casual.
        Thats the point though. if you're playing against clones of yourself you aren't gonna get any better. To get better you want to play against people of varying skill levels of which some are alot better than you. SBMM just limits you and is stupid
            Get better at beating yourself and you get places in lobbies with better yous.
                'get better at beating yourself' I'm sorry in my childish brain that made me laugh lol
                    Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
thaty is why i play less and less. Just dont have the energy or time  for this.
    I mean they got your money regardless. Same as me. Same as 99.999999% of the players. Who cares if this game crashes tomorrow? They already made over 1 billion on it. Don't know how much of that is profit. Not to mention, it's already proven that they can release a new CoD on a short schedule and still make money (like Cold war being rush developed)

This game could die tomorrow and probably within 6 months we could get a rushed out half finished piece of shit and we will be lack "Oh maybe they've changed.. let's give them one more chance"..
Is SBMM only an issue when you are playing with a team? I consistently am top scoreboard not just of my team but also the enemy but I don't get those very tough matches at all. It mostly seems that I get partnered with worse teammates but skillwise I am always pretty close to  the enemy team.

But I never have insane k/d. Always around 1.2-1.5 so maybe thats why?
    Same for me. Most of the time I play fast, which means I die a lot, but I am always at the top of the board. I'm usually positive in the same range as you and every few games I'll have a monster, and I never really seem to feel the effects in later games. If anything, there's sometimes 1 mother fucker in a match who seems to have my number. But I never get into a lobby where *everyone* is shredding me. Maybe we're just good bro? Idk. Liking the game very much tho so far.
    I’ve only played search but I don’t notice any wild swings in difficulty. There will be players that seem way out of their depth sometimes but most matches are competitive in the end. Maybe more consistent because more players are above average and a lot of people are partied up. I play like ‘that dude’ but everybody is playing like that so if I wasn’t jumping corners and prefiring with a good smg I’d be getting shredded. 

Just thinking maybe it’s not working as intended. Idk what else they’d do though besides bring back hardcore. That was always a big separator in the pool of players as in I wouldn’t play core ever if I had a choice.
One of these days I'm gonna get a match where I have over 0.5 KD. Any day now...
Happened to me like 5 days ago playing with the Icarus and I haven’t been able to play 6v6 since. I’m playing invasion until season 1 comes out and they add Shoothouse 24/7 cus at least there the ass kickings are quick lol.
    I find them pretty damn quick already :D
Whenever I do the 3 kills on in one life camo challenges and do pretty well, I just start tanking my stats by dying over and over at the end of the match to prevent this.

I absolutely hate this way of playing.
Worst part is when I couldn’t get more than 1 easy match in a row while leveling up launchers. I manage to get like 30 kills one game then the next I barely have enough time to aim before I get killed
Homelander memes are the best lol
That's not how it really works, it's just chance.  I have never experienced big swings.
    Me neither, idk what game these guys are playing. I rarely finish below 1 kd. I'm decent at the game but not that good, probs like top 40 or 30%
wake up babe, its time for daily sbmm meme
    Needs to keep being done until they remove or fix it.

Unfortunately the fans would rather everyone shut up and sing praise for the game rather than actually do anything to get the problem fixed.

Posting on reddit might achieve nothing, but doing nothing also achieves nothing.
        You puds have been bitching about it since 2019 when some random YouTuber brought it up.

Shit ain’t changing bro
        It’s possible most people don’t care. 


There are actual problems in the game right now. No flinch, inconsistent bullet damage, the worst UI in the world.

But y’all wanna pubstomp so badly that all you care about is SBMM.
Will SBMM cover warzone too? Like if you go 7 K/D on MP, warzone will be even more of a sweat fest? 

Also RIP anyone heading into shipment after having an amazing game before
    Here's the thing. I don't think it's about purely K/D. Its way more complex. I'm pretty sure the game tracks your movement, reaction speed, accuracy, and w/e else they want and throws it into some kind of algorithm to place you with similar players. Like I swear I've had some good matches, but then I get my teeth fuckin kicked in several matches in a row and even though my k/d should be balanced out, I'm still getting sweaty af lobbies.
        The worst part is it seems to prioritize that stuff over connection. I’ll have a decent match, decent ping the whole 9…. Next few matches? Severe ping issues and stuttering and getting shot 2 times and dying. Like what am I supposed to do ☠️
        Definitely. I did hip fire only for a camo and within a couple of games I was in stupendously easy lobbies.
    More or less. Warzone 1 did SBMM you depending on how well you played the last games
    I think its a mix of your general K/D over all matches and your last few games. I highly doubt that your MP matches vount though. Warzone is F2P and many dont even play MP.
I'm glad I'm not alone.

Do well first couple matches, then hit a wall. Or rather, the wall comes and hits me.
Oh you about to get clapped for 5 days straight fuck 5 games.
First 30 seconds of the match and you are at 15+ kills.  


"Fuck, I gotta just die a ton real quick"
This post has never been more relevant than now
Waaaa I have to play vs people similar in skill to me because I “accidentally” destroyed a lower bracket :(
There’s no inbetween for me, I’m either 3-22 going against MLG pros or 25-2 against bots
I'm doing the camo grind, keeps the games feeling relatively random. But I did the mp5 last night in just over 10 games cause i had just finished the melee and rockets. Got the closest to a nuke I've ever been. Now I've moved onto the next gun and I swear every fucker in my lobbies has snorted a line of g-fuel and are doing berpies while killing me. Serves me right for playing well I suppose.
Bro I get over a 1.0 in a match and suddenly I’m being destroyed by G-fuel snorting 12 year olds for the rest of the day
It's bad really...play well then get punished..it is bollocky SBMM meh 😔
No wonder i do good after a few beers
Shit truly gets ugly after a few good games :(
Yup, a completely normal set of matches
Yeah every couple matches I'll grind a weapon that I know is going to get me killed more then usually it helps a little.
Hate to break it to you, but you were the shark in that game. It wasn't accidental.
Bout to see how the navy seals train
I dont know what you guys are all talking about.  I had a 27:0 match last week and all was fine. You just need some really bad friends that drag that lobby KD down for you. Keep your noob friends close for maximum fun. 

PS:I love this gif. It fits so damn perfect. Had a good laugh and reused it immidiately.
I accidentally had a 10k/d on a already started game and i swear the next 3 games i quit back to back to back lol i was literally questioning my skills as a player lol
Git gud.

SBMM kicks in?

Git gudder.
While I'm tired of these SBMM posts. 

I did think this one was funny.
Something is going on with you guys subconsciously lmao I played like 9-10 games last night and ranged from 2.0-8.0 KDs. 

I don’t think sbmm is even a fraction as bad as people make it sound. Hell of a good excuse for inconsistency though
    Because you’re a sweat. Not everybody wants to do that 9 out of 10 games.
that’s why the sbmm is great
I didn't even get a winning game last night. Hadn't played since last weekend and it they threw me to the wolves on my first game. Played about 6 games and called it a night.
Every night I go home to play this with my friends and we all know that we have to go through 2 or 3 matches of getting stomped to have a match where we might get to have fun
Sbmm: 11KDR? Congratulation you're going to the sweaty elite league. Here are your opponents. Gfuel and remote operated dildo sweat lord and fat man with no hygiene using a cronus controller and cocaine on the side.
Must suck to suck.
SBMM is seriously ruining the game for me. How hard is it to save it for ranked? Fuckin hell man. How am I supposed to get POINT BLANK kills on turtle beach wearing faze tryout teenagers for my camo. This shit is ridiculous
SBMM does more bad than good change my mind. Same boring games every match unless god forbid you have a good one. Now you’re gonna get stomped on by Scump
So many bots on here crying about SBMM. You really need to just wake up and realise the issue is you are clearly just incredibly low skilled players and massive BOTS. You aren't in crazy high level Pro lobbies.... in reality you are just being put in standard every day lobbies populated by average players.

However you are such a low skill level that us average players are so much better than u in comparison to yourself that you just think we are mlgnoscope pros.


Wake up bots you just suck really bad.

Maybe stick to Minecraft   , the sims or lego Harry potter which is more suited to your very very low skill level
Yup did this last night lol except it was obvious my damage was nerfed and I wasn't hurting anyone then all the sudden I'm one shitting everyone after like 5 extremely bad games and the last one I was doing really good and some asshat ddosed me offline so I had to quit because my router wouldn't reconnect.......
Do people actually think this is how sbmm works?
Yeah they really need to get rid of this SBMM

How do casuals enjoy this game at all when this is the case

Nobody defending SBMM is actually good at the game or plays, they dont play the game, I dont believe it
Yea exactly SBMM puts you with sweats and campers the next 10 fucking matches. SBMM is. Shit feature they need to go back to how it was back in 09 who give a fuck about someone’s feelings if they are a low level going up against someone whose a higher rank... get good
    That's literally how you get good, too. You're not going to advance your abilities playing with people of your same level.
        Then the devs need to nerf the gay ass snipers then
Am I the only one who thinks SBMM this year is absolutely fine? I’ve not felt punished at all like previous CODs. I seem to stay top of the leaderboard almost every game with no severe punishment. I wonder if it’s more random and so lower KD players are more likely to be against higher KD players, making them feel like they’re being punished
I had 14-12 in one match, and the sbmm STILL decided to make me go 5-20 the next 4 matches.
    Lmfao have you considered the possibility you're just bad?
Does the SBMM go by your most recent/daily stats only, or does it pull from overall/lifelong stats? I feel like it's the latter. That's why you see so many people reverse boosting/C4ing themselves (even in the beta they were doing this).
This is crazy
I know that feeling, sometimes lucky to get one kill then die and just repeat the same cycle sometimes.
u/savevideo
Hahahaha epic post, it is really my face when. "Gulp, I guess I'll try to level the knife"
I usually log off after good game. And my first game is always in the middle of progress, enemy controlling A B C, then I play those 2 min remaining and end up 2-8. Then lobbies are normal for the rest of the session
I ended up joining a match super late the other day and went something like 6 and 0 by sheer luck. I just stopped playing because I knew what was about to happen.
Fr I'll scrape by with 20 n like 10 then I'll just get shit on it's great
Can’t you just suck on purpose for a few games to get back into less sweaty lobbies? Asking for a fried.
Anyone know how sbmm works when in a party? Are you matched by party lead or strongest player?
I had ONE good game last weekend and let me tell you the next 3 games sent me into a downward spiral. It felt like Jev all game “SPAWN DIE SPAWN DIE SPAWN DIE”
I won two games in a row and proceeded to get completely blasted by FaZe wannabes. It was brutal.

I ended up just leaving. Riot shield and bolt action sniper / fire shotgun. Ugh.
SBMM makes me not even want to play the game
I call it "The Hangover"
I got 3 games in a row with 8 or 9 kills to death and then went 6 games with 20plus deaths like 7 ir 8 kills its annoy
FUCK, had fun now the sentinels are upset
Man I wish we had dedicated servers like back in the days. Chilling on the same few servers without SBMM killing the fun. It was a great time…
I’m a little scared. I’m in a rural area and since COD4 I have played on absolutely terrible internet. My ping is typically 50-75 and spikes during the game. Sometimes it fluctuates so much at least half my bullets do nothing or it’ll look like my aim is way off when it’s actually not. 

They are installing fiber starting today and I should be going from 25Mb to 1Gb by the end of the year. 

SBMM is probably going to come out in leather.
las night I went 40-6 and I just log off for the night
My strategy is to dominate a game and then let my 6 year old play the next two. I don’t know what this SBMM is that everyone keeps talking about but my kid suckssssss
Played a game yesterday where I had a gunship within 3 mins. Just slaughtered on point. Kicked ass the whole game. Next 3 games, I wasn't allowed to take 3 steps without getting my ass caved in
One time in Black Ops 1 I went something like 32-2, but I've never been anywhere near that again. I'm pretty bad at FPS games.
I like the idea of sbmm but it needs to be fine tuned and more consistent
Me after the Apex gun game match I won with 15 kills and one death
Yeah, as a whole, I suck at this game. Bad. But I love it anyway. But when you grind sometimes you have a few good games in a row. Then all of a sudden I'm playing against like some Optic dude or something. Spawn, turn a corner, die. Over and over. Absolutely no fun at all.
It sucks how much K/D impacts matchmaking. Just because I had a good K/D on one map I'm super comfortable with doesn't mean that I want to be tossed into another game where people are jumping around corners, no scoping me. 

It also sucks because the playstyle that results in me obtaining a good K/D (being a little more methodical, controlling a zone) doesn't always work against people who have amazing reaction time and are jumping around like lunatics.
I do quite enjoy the SBMM to an extent. Nice when you've been playing all night and keep going positive. But when you start to realize people are getting sweaty AF it makes me wonder... How sweaty am I??
So the answer is play shit in every game to win more games lol. Fuck this sbmm system really
I went 36-2 using the snakeshot akimbo, & called it a night. I knew what was coming after lol
    You got an Offensive Name, I’m reporting you! /s I just recognized you from that ban post which still has me worried. I think that’s a bigger issue than sbmm.
why cant they just tune how extreme the sbmm variation is?
My wife and I share an account. She is trash but I’m pretty good. Since we switch off every 2-3 games, it keeps the SBMM away and I don’t get put into those lobbies.
How dare you get a killstreak!
F
It's really comical. They always go easy on you the first game of the day you play.

After that it's hell till you rage quit. 🤣😭
Yesterday I had a match where I had a 6 even KD. I literally said to my friends “I’m sorry for the pain we’re about to suffer the rest of the evening”
After going nuts in a match with 5-6 kdr, I troll for the next 2-3 matches. It’s a perfect cycle lol.
Had a 21 gun streak yesterday.  Finished the match with 31 kills, 3 flag caps and 10 defends. Next match was just a fustercluck
I have not had any sbmm at all this year I'm constantly being put with level 55 player while I'm level 31 and even then I still end up on top 3 I really don't feel any type of "punishment" that many people try blaming
I had an 8.5 KD in one match.   
0.4 in the next.
I went 38 and 1 like 2 weeks ago and my shit is still fucked
Go handgun only
It’s kinda crazy how much your performance can instantly affect who you play against. I took one edible too many the other night, became a blob on my couch (i was practically falling asleep playing) was probably only getting 2-3 kills a game for about an hour or so.

The next day I get online and it’s the upside down. I’m in a new world where everyone crouch walks and has the reaction times of a turtle. They all play like their first life is their last. Everyone that killed me was running an ACOG sight of some type. Strange place down there at the bottom of the SBMM algorithm.
Last night was the first night I played since drop weekend and I have 4 straight 30 plus kills and on my last 2 matches I had 15 😂
Who actually benefits from sbmm? Someone has to or they wouldn’t keep doing it.
Played a game yesterday with a player named SBMM IS DOG WATER. if you're out there friend...you're still right. And will be forever.
I got 39 kills to like 9 deaths in the last match (hard point)

If I just don't play the game again, SBMM cannot win, take that SBMM!
Is this a frequent occurrence for most? Lately for the last week I’ve been hitting the bong and playing from 6pm-10pm shorter/later days sometimes, and hardly ever come across true try hard sweats. Average around 15-25 kills per game. There will be at least 2 games throughout the night where they aren’t particularly sweaty just overally cautious about their stats. If that makes sense.
I don’t notice it way tooo much. If I go a few games on a rampage (let’s say 70+ kills and less than 10 deaths) the lobbies after those games are almost identical. I do always let my friend host the lobby since he has a lower kd. 

However I do see a major difference between COD games without SBMM. On BO2 I could have a 20kd match and the next match was ‘noobs’ again.
Bro, if I get into MLG game I just back out so it counts as a loss. Seems dumb to have 2 bad games for every 1 game or whatever.
Haha it's so right, you have a brilliant match and for a fleeting few seconds you're buzzing, then reality hits you and you know the shit is going to hit the fan for the next hour.
Oh no! I have to play against people with similar skill level! THE HORROR
U might as well just run around with an RPG the next 5  games
I went on a 23 gunstreak without realizing it yesterday and just turned the game off after. I don't want to see my lobbies after that
Too right. Sometimes when I'm on a rampage I switch up my loadout half way through to launchers or whatever and just let my kd tank for a bit while I grind that out.  


Fuck going ham, you will be punished.
Just patiently waiting for the barracks so I can see my kd. I better have a 3.0 or above the way matchmaking treats me😂
Im glad this has turned out to be a real thing, went 28-3 in my first game at Level 1 and every single lobby is stacked with murderers now
These things never get old do they.  Looking forward to the Karen’s for two full years and their individual meme’s and short video’s.  It just never gets old.
Y'all are delusional. You actually want SBMM but you want it to only match you with people that are lower skill than you. Maybe you just suck if you can't consistently have good games and the only games you do well in are when you get matched up with bots.
I don't even try and I get thrown in to the try hard lobbies. I made a big mistake when I first started playing - I jumped in the tank... Got 20 kills match ended and now I'm suffering all the time XD
I’ll go 30-10 in a FFA because people keep running into my sentry perched in a window, and then my next match will be a Hardpoint where my team runs around like idiots thinking it’s TDM and the other team is playing like their lives depend on killing me.
We live… for pain
Every play session experience
And the worst part is when you're grinding out weapons and somehow manage to do very good, and the next game you enter tryhard haven, like bro im handicapped with a pistol because im trying to level it and im facing against sweats purely using one shot marksman and sniper rifles, SBMM is a pain in the ass but it's especially pain in the ass for those of us who like grinding and leveling stuff, it's like a guy in a wheelchair vs Brock Lesnar
Its absolutely pathetic that most people that actually have 2 thumbs have to reverse boost to "enjoy" this game.

Took a break, didnt bother with vanguard, really wanted to like this one but its going far the other way. Im finding it frustrating and boring and im close to giving up on it.
My buddy ran a 10 last night. Sent us to CDL hell for the rest of the evening lol
its friday night, im drunk. im messin around playing with the controller on my lounge chair instead of at my desk  
i fluked it big time and got a chopper using scorestreaks. 

well my fun ended after that game didn't it?
Just whip out a pistol and get it over with
Real shit, I'm not good at the game but my focus kicked in and I managed to get a high kill game due to decent positioning on the hardpoints. I was really happy about it and then I queued up for another game and then spent the next 2 hours just getting demolished no matter what decisions I made. Enjoying the hell out of this game so far, brings me back to playing MW3 when I was a kid. But damn, they cannot fix SBMM too soon. I get why it is necessary to have SBMM, I just wish it worked better and actually put me up against people of similar skill instead of people with lightning reflexes and knowledge of every minute detail of every map.
I feel like they have weakened SBMM a bit since opening week. I’ve been having some good games back to back and rarely having a 9-20 match anymore. I was literally in a lobby the other day where people were barely shooting back. No jumping around every corner with a one shot weapon. Btw, I’ve seen some streamers have quite a few lobbies like this and they drop 60+ kills.  How?
    Reverse Boost?
So they don’t want random lobbies, because casuals get pubstomped and have a bad experience. But SBMM dynamically makes everybody’s experience equally mediocre and creates this weird incentivization structure where some people tank on purpose. 

What if bots were to get to a point where they played indistinguishably from humans of all different skill levels? They could fill out the user base, nobody knowing they were bots. These bots could be randomly sprinkled into lobbies, usually at a lower skill level than the humans, but not always. The game could start identifying player performance and stick some shit bots in to reduce player frustration, which would improve session retention. These sketchy mobile games do this, I bet eventually we’re analyzed to the point that they put patsy’s in there to make us feel good
I'm starting to feel like there is no sbmm and they just programmed the game to register shots less if you did good for a game/doing too good during matches. You can go 20-0 first half of a match then all of a sudden end up 23-26 because of shots not registering.
Noticed I was doing well in a game of kill confirmed, I got a SAE then another one in a care package. We were up by like 14 points. Then two of our team mysteriously vanished for the rest of the match and we ended up getting owned. Love it.
accurate.
I got home late from work last night and joined two of my mates who just came off a great game and proceeded to get wrecked with them, without having the satisfaction of ever doing well. Lol.
It shouldn't be like this, but here we are.
This exact feeling is why I haven’t bought MW22. It felt so fucking bad in MW19 to frag out and have a great game and instead of being high on the match I was dreading the next time I played.
Just try to level up a pistol, that's what I do. Only play a few matches using a pistol. Been working on the desert eagle.
I've started working on the annoying camos whenever a game feels too unbalanced for me, get some progress and next game might actually be enjoyable
Pain.
HOW FUCKING DARE YOU PLAY WELL AGAINST SHITTERS FOR ONE MATCH!!
Bruh anything over a 1 is grounds for punishment in this game
I like SBMM, I just wish it wasn't so sensitive and took effect more slowly and over a longer amount of time.
I feel like this is all really dramatic. I’ve noticed zero difference game to game.
This is the fucking truth. I have one good game & then it's nothing but sweaty bastards who don't stop jumping & using the SPR & fault pistols insta killing me soon as I walk round any corner.
That’s when you know it’s time to get off
My last 3 games yesterday were 32:14, 22:8 and 62:30.

I'm so screwed next time I play.
Dropped a 14 KD match and immediately got the sweatiest lobby in existence.
It just means you're not about to pub stomp people.
The worst part is that it isn’t just that you get thrown into harder lobbies. It’s that connection priority gets thrown out the window. 
Every time I play it’s the same. get a few games that are normal 20-40ms ping. Then it starts to climb. 50-80ms games. Then a few at 100+ms games. To me this is worse then getting matched with what feel like league players. 
Those 100+ ping games feel like I’m using a BB gun with hit markers for days. That is the most frustrating point for me as I have zero chance. 

I also miss the days of lobbies staying together. So if I got my ass kicked I at least had chance for rematch. Which usually meant going even harder for OBJ to at least get the win.
This is me after accidentally killing the enemy team because I spawned on their side.
I feel like the outlier here. I consistently find myself near the top of the leaderboard and I still haven’t hit that wall. Is it coming? Have I just not played enough?
Can anyone tell me, the guns and attachments I've already unlocked on MW2, will they be available when Warzone drops or will I need to unlock them again?
My fav lobbies are going up against the gods with the non-modified sniper/shotgun/rifle gun that one shots from 0 inches to 2 miles away.
Yeah it's tough.. can't play for long sessions any more because it's just to hard.. no more casual relaxed gaming.   
Joined a lobby of some friends a couple days ago (they aren't really that good) and my god.. that lobby was so enjoyable :D
I took a professional licensing exam that was sbmm. If you answered a few questions correctly you got a harder questions next. If you got the questions wrong, you got easier questions next. You had to have a certain score to pass. You got scared if you thought the questions were easy....or at least I did. I ended up passing by a good margin. Thought I failed it.
I just did good this match! It doesn’t mean I’m good at the game!
It's sad that being even remotely good gets you massively punished....
Yesterday I was doing pretty good, at least a 3.0 k/d, I wasn't even having fun because I knew the shitstorm was coming lol
Get ready for sweat city
Simply just get good at the game 

-Some Sweaty guy probably
Loves being the sweater compared to other people. 

Hates being the sweat-e. 

That's all these complaints are always about. 

HOw cOmE I CaNt AlwAyS bE 5.0 kd AgaiNsT 0.7 kd. THen I tUrN inTo 0.7kd AnD ThE GamE sUckS 😞😞😞😞
They really need to tone down the SBMM, battlefield 2042 has SBMM and it’s nowhere near as strict as COD. I also don’t understand why most of these sweats don’t go sign up and play in actual competitive tournaments, you gain nothing trying hard in a pub match.
Why can't they just average over 50 games or something. It changes up or down so freaking fast.
I legitimately think I have a .5 KD, I do well for one match and go negative for the next 20. I know someone’s going to say “ sKilL ISsuE “ and yes it is, i just want to sit down for 30-45 minutes and have fun but SBMM ruins that
Ended a game with a 1.2 kd last night then had my ass handed to me for several games after that....
One game I get a chopper gunner and the next game I get killed by kids thinking they’re in Faze Clan
Just make it random for fuck sake, we've been screaming this for years
Have they mentioned how the sbmm works? Is it kd or points or both.
I’ve only played TDM and KC, but if I’m leveling up my SMG’s or other usable weapons I can routinely average 25-30 a game. I don’t think SBMM is as crazy as some would have you think. It’s still unnecessary, but I’m comfortable with where it’s at, I’m more upset about walking into a game vs. 6 controllers.
Went 24-11 w/ a merciless yesterday, next game went 1-8 haha
Went 21-3 and knew that was the time to get off lol
I cant wait to see my absolutely garbage K/D and W/L when barracks rolls out
11k/d? Hell, I feel this when I pop off and have a 2 k/d game.
While I was playing a match 2 days ago I heard this poor chap having a nervous breakdown on mic. I think he was a victim of his own success and was now paying for it in our sweat lodge of a lobby. He was cursing the other team, cursing his own team and every 30 seconds it was “FUCK you, you try hard sweaty kid GOD DAMMIT!”. I couldn’t help but laugh as it was pretty funny but I felt his pain.
LOL the next 5. The next 10 at least. 😆
Lil
No kidding... I went ~5KD the other day taking advantage of someone else's Advanced UAV and got put in the middle of what felt like $100k tourney finals matches the entire next afternoon
I haven't had an easy lobby since the open beta...
Just do what the streamers do, VPN, and you'll be fighting cans all day.
SBMM makes the game less enjoyable for me at least
Lol I haven't played a CoD since MW2 and my bro in law talked me into this. I thought I was just imagining the insane inconsistency but by reading these comments I feel better about myself.
Yesterday I went 33-3 on Santa Sena and then proceeded to go 12-19 on my next match
I've said it before and I'll say it again!

I wish anyone in my life believed in me like COD matchmaking believes in me.
My bad IW. I simply should have played worse if I wanted bearable matches.
If this happens, do yourself a favor and get off the game immediately afterward. Finish on a high before you get placed against whoever that won worlds.
Can cod creators reintroduce tactical knife? It was to funny playing it🤣🤣🤣🤣!!!! I hope they reintroduce that.
that and joining a game right before the win. . .
This sub is messed up. I posted about the BK event going on and how the US isn't in it, it got taken down without an explanation.   
I messaged the mods, they refused to answer. I made a post asking why are threads randomly being taken down and now all my posts require mod approval.
I got dropped into an in progress domination match , hung out defending B and somehow went 12-0.  I’ve barely been able to move from my spawn since.
Everyone else in the next matches, except that one guy, feels the same way.
I went 44-3 with the Taq-M, haven't even dared to play yet
Does anyone know of a good explanation (like a YT video) about how this SBMM stuff works (i.e. how it screws people)?
I just hop off after that
 Im scared to do good
I got 31 kills in one game then never got past 10 the entire rest of the day
I just quit the game. End on a high note. Take the paid next time. It’s done wonders keeping me from playing too long in a mindless grind.
I cant play this game without 2 to 3 people to lower skill based matchmaking anymore
You get to go positive? Must be fuckin nice
i dropped a 50 piece in a game of hardpoint and got relentlessly bullied for the rest of the night
This happened to me lastnight, went 23-9 on el asilo and then the next game I got 3 kills in 30 seconds and that was it… for the next 15 minutes I got killed 25 times in a row, most of the time I couldn’t even ads before getting lazered. When I finally did get a flanking position someone magically popped up behind me and sprayed me in the back. All of their names had TTV or YT and half of them had gold camos or the neon green camo
Equality of outcome isn’t fun
Played with a random brand new player yesterday. Those were probably the best game I will ever get
Lol, let's be honest: we all relate to homelander somehow, just a bit.
I notice halfway through the game that I am just on a tear and then have that feeling of oh shit, I’m gonna get punished for this. Just enjoy the rest of the game cause you’ve already made your bed hahaha
I guess it would help me sleep better at night knowing that the sweatstains who instanly melt me when I turn a corner are probably being put in lobbies with people who are even better than *them* and experiencing my pain for once
Last night I had a game like this. I just simply turned off the console after the game, and haven’t been back on since.
What I’ve learned is that if I’m using a meta weapon, I typically never get completely dumped on, but that gets boring. The EOMM is very noticeable when you start using off meta guns. You simply cannot compete in a lot of the higher tier lobbies.
I see you went positive, time to ruin your fucking night.
I miss being able to play and do moderately well while Drunk. It’s been like what 3 years since we’ve been able to do that?
I love this so much
Deadass just happened to me. Grinding camos for the 74u and I had two 30+ kill games in a row. Next game? Two chopper gunners dropped on me, 4 Vaznev's and two SPRs on the other team. So frustrating dude. Like I'm actually just not gonna play until later.
I turn off crossplay to make things slightly more fun (I'm on PS)
I don’t really feel SBMM the way this sub portrays it. I feel like I’m a good player. Better than just the average player. Not pro player good by any means lol. If I play 10 games in a row, I go positive 8-9 of those games pretty easily. Yea, I get sweats in my lobby but that’s fine. Im fine facing good players. For me that’s more enjoyable than stomping bots. And I mostly Play hardpoint which is the sweatiest mode you can play outside of search. Reading some of these replies makes me wonder if I’m playing the same game lol. Guys saying they go 30-2 one game and the 4-25 for the next 7 games is crazy to me. I’ve never experienced that like at all lol. I’m not here saying I’m pro SBMM or anti SBMM. I don’t really care if it’s in the game or not tbh
i just love this game go good for a couple games then the game says fuck you and dumps you in a lobby where the opposite team already have there uav's and vtol flying over head wasting you because the shitty perk system wont let you have ghost or cold blooded because you just started the game halfway though
This made me lol at work
Sometimes you hop into a match where I would bet that  90% of the players are literal bots.
incoming faze wannbe turtles with spr
Its gettin really bad
😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is....WAAAAAAAAY...too accurate lol
i got punished hard for having a 1.2kd yesterday. next match was MLG bunny hoping 360 no scope gods just 2 tapping me every time I turned a corner and ended up like 3-18 or some shit. All using that same female operator skin like it makes a difference and their gold lachman subs lmao
    My motto has become “gotta have a bad game to have a good game” I’d be stoked going 3-18 knowing my next game is gonna be against the make-a-wish kids.
        I wish it was that simple. I routinely get put in these adderall riddled lobbies no matter how negative I go.
            Same. When I see all the “TTV” or “YT” names and clan tags I know I’m in trouble.
                Most of those TTV people are trash to be honest. I encounter them all the time in my games and they are never anywhere near the top of the boards. People exaggerate a bit too much about YouTubers and Twitch streamers. They don’t become superhuman just because they stream.
                    Facts. Whenever I play apex and I get a teammate with ttv in theie name they die qnd leave immediately most of the time. I've seen a few people with the tag go off in Mw2 but not many
                Wait until you met the [Phub]…
                    The pornstar names are typically pretty average in my experience
                        Well, at least they won’t f*ck your mom like the “iTzViruzz”, “pr0MagicZz” or “Hitachi Uchiha” (or any other Naruto related). 

Quite ironic, if you ask me.
                        With Lhana Rhodes always being ESPECIALLY mid
                            I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
                Or when i see names like this あいり愛梨 😭💀
                    GG when these show up 🥲
                    Joined a lobby and after a minute realized my teammates weren't speaking English and was like

....Oh No.....OH NO.....
                    When you live in East Asia.... That's all I see every game. I can go 0-20 and my next game is even worse. >.>
                I t-bag every last youtuber I play against so their viewers can watch a complete fucking scrub bagging their favorite sweatlord. If this game is gonna punish me for having a good match, you better believe I'm gonna find a way to have fun with it lol.
                Most of them actually suck, it's really fun to shit on them.
            Yeah, it feels little it takes 3-4 games of getting absolutely slaughtered before the system returns me to a lobby that fits my actual skill level.
                Same. I reach this level of lobbies that absolutely slaughter me and it takes like 4 matches before I'm placed into a bot lobby. I get 2 or 3 of those and then I'm back to matches where I'm 4-15. 


It just seems like there is no middle ground where I should belong.
                    Yup. I get that feeling of there being no middle ground too. Additionally, good K/D between two players doesn't mean they have the same skill level. One person could be good at controlling a zone and being more methodical. The other person may have a good K/D from being a quickscoping beast. 

Just because I'm good at controlling a zone one game doesn't mean I should be matched with a quickscoping God the next game.
                        This happened last night.  Got into a lobby where we were able to hold the hard point everytime and eventually got pushed off with 5-10 left.  I was getting defends and assists from just holding.  


Next match "you went 22-7? Here's a bunch of quick scopers and Remington kids who do not miss so you're gonna die after one bullet and go 8-10.  But because we pushed zones STILL got the W.
                            Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
                                So much spr abuse.
                    Wait, so the lobbies where I’m doing great and feeling absolutely competent are bot lobbies?

Fuck.
                        I’ve had a few where I thought I was playing bots. I’m like how can ppl be this bad?
                            i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
                        No, just a poor choice of words on my part.
                        Most likely. It definitely knows who to pair you against for a good match. Typically it’s people with little awareness and bad reaction times. Makes your good matches feel manufactured and rigged. The whole experience is kinda rigged unless you’re in the top 1% who are very high skilled. I just roll with it. I’m in the process of leveling up every gun so Idc about my performance too much anymore as long as I’m still progressing.
                    I think instead of trying to find people of relatively similar skill, it tries to find a couple really good people, some mid, and a few scrubs, so everyone has someone they can kill, in theory, but it ends up just being unbalanced af.  I’m just guessing but that’s how it feels sometimes.
                    These comments need to be on IW Twitter page so they can see I’m not the only one complaining about SBMM
                        Pych101 kids, the game hasn't changed
                            Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
            Same for me also, one really good game and I am stuck in what feels like optic/faze lobbies for at least the next 5 games.
            I dunno if my SBMM has a broken or what but the moment I played two matches it puts me in lobbies with all level 55, gold guns, the works. 

IW needs to chill bruh I'm only like level 14
            I went 8 and 79 because I kept drill charging myself because I was fed up with how cracked my lobbies were. Next game I went against a YouTuber who basically kicked my teeth in so hard I quit the game and haven't touched it since 😢
            Gotta agree here, went 5-20 trying to get hip fire kills with the Scar and still got lobbies for dolphin diving sweats on Embassy
            Doesn't that sound more like random matchmaking than SBMM?
                The TTV boys are reverse boosting to fish for clips against bad players. I suppose that's just MW's version of smurfing.
                    I wish I could believe the addition of ranked lobbies will give those assholes something better to do, but I know it won't stop. Pub stomping makes them feel important
            Skill issue
                How is it a skill issue if I'm constantly put in lobbies with kids that are playing every match like it's the final round of the CDL Championship
        Hahaha Make A Wish kids.
            They probably actually slay
        Especially when going for camos. Get fucking rocked and then get hype knowing you'll knock some challenges out the way next game.
            We can just do them in shipment next week, though.
        I know this is gonna sound like a schizo moment but i almost wonder if that is exactly what they want to happen. They’ve flipped peoples mentality on doing poorly from wanting to quit or change games into wanting to play again for the chance that the next game could be really good. Almost feels like we’re just gambling with the lobbies and that “the next one is the one, can’t stop now” and all of a sudden youve been playing for hours.
            That's exactly what's happening. If you keep stomping you will stop playing. If you keep getting stomped you will stop playing. So the matchmaking system feeds you both games in order to keep you playing, and by extension, buying skins and cosmetics.
                Fucking stupid just to make trash players feel better
        Most of the times it's 5-7 bad games to have just 1 good game
    I was pretty exhausted last night, had a game where I had a 2.2kd. Joined the next game. Started off 0-8. Turned off my Xbox and went to bed.
        😂 I’ve been there to many times with call of duty.
    It's always the curly hair lady.
    Swear it's either the lachman sub, m4 or one of the marksman rifles from these kinds of players
        I like the M4 and Lachmann sub. If you use snipers or marksman rifles your just trash and should go back to fortnite
    They’re not gods. It’s called EOMM. Google it
    Honestly I call complete bullshit. There’s no damn way some of y’all are that damn bad. 

I’m by no stretch of the word a good player, I’d call myself average at best. Occasionally i’ll pop off on a couple 25-10 games or some shit and get *slightly* more difficult games the next few games. By that I mean like I may go 8-10 or 10-15. And when partied up with some absolute sweats that we play with I average going like 8-10 or so while they drop 20 or 30 kills to ~15 deaths in the sweat lobbies we play in.

but I have never seen any person get put into a game where they go 3-18 after pulling a 1.2 KD. Unless you dropped 40 kills or some shit I call absolute bullshit, or you’re just a bad player.

Me, an average at best player, can hold 8 or 10 kills in absolute sweat lobbies. Ain’t no damn way you can only get 3 kills.
        yea man for sure
        Happens to me every day.
        I just read the entire thread it sounds like a lot of bad players
            It’s not it’s SBMM that fucks you
So you CAN suck a few rounds to get into less sweaty lobbies?
    When I get into a sweaty lobby I just play the objective hard and usually get a top score with the fewest kills and most deaths. After a few rounds like this I'll get people that aren't jumping or sliding around every corner.
        I was in a lobby like this last night. They kept sliding on me so I just switched to a shotgun and listened for the slide. Popped them the moment they appeared. It was fun.
        for the last 3 days every match has had people who have laser accuracy. Jump every corner using the SPR or some SMG and sliding everywhere and i typically go negative but have the top objective score still in bad lobbies every game and the game still refuses to give me good ping.
        I’ve been in hardpoint matches where I’d have over 3 minutes and everyone else has sub 1 minute 🥲
            Those are half of my games, not even exaggerating
            I get teammates with sub 10 seconds over here.. Craptivision really wants me to carry these guys, and I probably could if they put down the glue they’re eating for a second and PTFO! 💀

P.S. There are hard point matches where we lose by a lot and there’s an idiot with 45+ kills and 5 seconds on the point up on the leaderboard.. GO PLAY TDM YOU DONUT
    100%. The best course of action is to just leave the game if you get sweaty lobbies.

Everyone on Twitch is doing exactly that because it sucks at the moment.
        >Everyone on Twitch is doing exactly that because it sucks at the moment.

The irony of that, though. Streamers are the show-off players.
            It actually makes perfect sense. Streamers do want to show off to pull in subs and donations - in ranked, they want to show off their rank (for example, one might watch a Grandmaster Quinn main in LoL just because they're a Grandmaster Quinn main). In casual, they want to show a skill disparity. If casual games are super competitive and it's tough to tell the streamer is doing well, it may not be interesting for viewers since they have no indicator of general skill level present.

The stronger SBMM gets, the closer casual is to tempermental ranked with nothing shiny to show off, which isn't what pulls in subs for them. The absolute best (actual pros) can still post good scores, but the people somewhat above average don't get a visible result for their effort to show off to others.
        Yup. Play out the fun games, leave the not fun ones, it’s tolerable that way
            Quitters suck though. I've had so many games that were close ruined by quitters and somehow the game just struggles to fill that 1 or 2 missing spots.
                [deleted]
                Blame activision.
                I mean yeah if it’s a close fun game I wouldn’t leave
                Really? I feel like 90% of my initial search games are JiP
            If you're regularly quitting mid match, perhaps you just don't like the game? You're getting a loss stat either way, may as well at least fuck around in the game rather than looking at the laggy lobby.
                I’m not regularly quitting tho? Probably 1 every 5-6 matches I can tell I’m getting SBMM-fucked with a shit team to carry and I just leave lol, I’m not getting paid to coach bad kids
                    Dude, that is regular. Like Jesus that's multiple a day.
                        I mean shitty SBMM is nothing new to CoD 😂 this is exactly how you actually maintain enjoyment with the game. 

Play the fair matches, leave the unfair ones. It’s so easy
                            Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
                                It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
                                [deleted]
        Unfortunately the game punishes you for leaving matches early by putting you in already starting matches which are losing 99 percent of the time.

If you always stay until the end it tends to give you mostly fresh matches
        Do you not get put in a leavers queue or something? I feel like I have bad games after leaving
            Nah, nor should it. It's casual not ranked.

Ranked should have a leavers queue.
        If you quit a lobby every time you aren’t winning, you are the sweaty player lmao.
            Not how it works. A sweaty player would switch loadout to a meta class just to win. I'm exiting because I'm a filthy casual and want to relax with an M4 and capture some flags.

They want to go into domination, ignore the objectives and get as many chopper gunners as possible.

We are not the same.
    The prevailing theory is that SBMM is designed to have your matches follow a pattern on wins and losses that is most likely to keep you playing.  This is based on studies of players to see what pattern of W/L lead to the most player engagement.  It’s impossible to know for certain though.

So extreme performances either good or bad seem to quickly affect your next matches.
        You pay attention to whether you won or lost?
            I’m not a bot going for camos so yes I play the game to try to win.
    You can’t just RPG yourself over and over like we did back in 2019, the system will catch that, but now you can kill someone and die 2-3 times right after, just to tank you k/d, do this for about 3/4 matches
        i fucking knew it
        Good to know cause I was killing it in hardpoint then went over to invasion and holy hell was it sweaty
    The sbmm in this game is RAPID
    Yup as long as u fall below the threshold long enough the game will toss u bot lobbies.
    Were you around in 2019? I'm sure camo grinders will show off videos of their lobbies over the next month or so.

It's bad lol. You go from people who are the gods of spawn prediction and have their headsets tuned to hear a pin drop to people who might genuinely have a hard time against regular bots.
    I have no way of verifying it, but it does feel that way.  My wife and I usually switch off, I do fairly well every match, she usually trails towards the bottom of the score list. 
As long as we go turn for turn, I am in sweet, very killable lobbies. . . As soon as I am grinding on my own on the weekends as an example, after the first couple of rounds, I start getting my shit rocked lol.
I then go back to playing with her taking turns, and after a few matches, I'm back to consistently being in 1st or 2nd place of the lobby every match.

So idk, but yea, I believe so.
        You do understand that to everyone else in those “sweet, very killable lobbies” you’re the sweaty player, right? 

SBMM isn’t broken, Redditors just don’t like that they actually have to play against people at the same skill level as them and intentionally manipulate the algorithm so they can keep pub stomping easy lobbies of people who never stood a chance against them anyways. It’s the video game equivalent of an adult registering in a kid’s wrestling tournament just so they can beat up a bunch of weaker competitors.
            Facts lmao. Everyone wants to do the stomping and no one wants to get stomped.
                They think they should always finish in the top 3 on the leaderboard, and if they don’t it’s SBMM’s fault. 

I’ve also noticed that the only people who complain about getting thrown around in crazy lobbies are the ones who talk about manipulating the SBMM algorithm to keep their games easier. Like, no wonder it’s not working well for you, you keep intentionally fucking with it.
            That's called sandbagging and it's cute how common it is to find folks proud of it.   


"Yeah man when I go down a few SBMM tiers I stomp"  
Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.
                To be fair, most complaints about SBMM are met with "if you don't want to be sweaty all the time, just stop trying as hard" which is a fancy way to describe sandbagging.

I just can't bring myself to do it, but I've had tons of proponents of SBMM tell me to over the last few years. In the past, when people wanted better scores in casual the solution was to improve. Now, the solution is to trick SBMM, intentionally (sandbag/reverse boost) or unintentionally (get killed on off meta setups and then switch to meta). Even several high end players use geofiltering to keep themselves in the US, because ultimately the game is totally willing to send you to Europe if it thinks that's the only way to push your score back down.
                > Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.


Your logic doesn't work.

You must be by a large margin the best cod player wo talk this planet to stomp "on their own skill level" - and thats because no one is matching your level.

By design you won't stomp in shitty SBMM lobbies, because no matter how much you improve you'll be put against equally skilled people every single game.
                    Tell me you don't play at a high level without telling me.
                        I don't play this trash game at all, i play actual competitive FPS like cs:go. 

The highest tier of any competitive shooter is filled with the same top% so unless you're the 1% of the 1% you won't constantly stomp.
                            You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
                                How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
            I suppose, but it seems more balance to me in my circumstances as described.  Yes I score high, but that is objective based.   I'm not absolutely stomping everyone soley on kills, it honestly seems more "skill" matched.  The kill spread is usually fairly even as well.  [Ptfo.]
I don't encounter bunny hoppers, or long corner campers, or quick scopers like when it bumps me up a skill bracket.  It sucks trying to play legit and getting spawn trapped or you can't round a corner without a bullet in the head 6 out of 7 spawns.
Imo higher skilled lobbies are loaded with cancerous players using frustrating techniques that ruin the enjoyment of a match.  /  lower skilled lobbies are more straight forward gun play.  
But again, just my opinion based off my personal observations.  
I appreciate your input.
The key is to play split screen with the wife. Every game is a fucking blast I'm popping 60 kill games she's down 5-30
    You monster, I love it 🤣
bro just threw her wife to the wolves 💀
Relationship goals, that’s a good idea.
You play with a remote control??? This aim-assist is getting ridiculous
    I do, I currently play on an Xbox series s until I finish my new pc build.  With the cross play lobbies, I am honestly thankful for the aim assist.  Used to be against it, but now, we at least stand a slight chance at going toe to toe with pc kids.
        sorry, I was trying to joke that you were getting crazy kd with a TV remote control. 😅 I got no hate on game controllers since cross play is mandatory now
        I love the idea of aim assist to allow everyone to play together but man, they over did it to the point that a lot of people are using controllers on PC for the advantage.
            I tried that, and while the aim assist was ridiculous, I couldn’t revert back to my Halo 1 days of being a game pad FPS player. It’s kbm till I die now.
        The controller aim assist has always evened it out. Now controller players have an extreme advantage
Play the weapon that give's Just enough Handicap to still be fun but locks you at around 70% effectivness.  
For.me the Revolver ist the perfekt weapon, onetap Potential. But it's Harder than the marksman so i get the right lobbies to have fun and a challange
    The Basilisk 🥰 
I love that mindset, good looks!
Can only imagine how miserable your wife was getting stomped in those lobbies lmao
    Yes 🤣, but she IS improving. . . So we'll be covered in sweat soon enough.
Icarus over here flew too close to the sun
    When the single X12 starts to feel really good in a hardpoint match, you’ve gone too far.
        I started leveling the revolver a couple of days ago. At first I got wrecked of course, but about 5 matches in I realized how absolutely afwul the movement of my teammates was. I'm not even talking about the guys that sit in a bush to camp the whole match going 5-3, or those that crouch after spawning and slowly move around in ADS, not really encountering anyone the whole match, but about those that walk around as if their controller only has 1 stick and 3 buttons. Those are the ones that indeed make you think you entered a make a wish / retirement home / special needs / on the internet no one knows you're a dog lobbies. I slipped a bit too far through those cracks, and after one 21-4 or something match, I came right into the sweet spot where my revolver was competetive enough against M16s and Lachmann Subs to get around a 1 K/D. I know there's a lot of hating on SBMM, but I was actually quite impressed by how well it works.
            Although it’s [SBMM] still quite present, it feels different than the last few games. 

[I could just be getting worse at CoD over time]

There was a game the other day (Hardpoint on el Asilo) where it felt like there was only *one* really good player on the other team(the guy that turns into your nemesis for the match, you know?). 

I got several really nice feeds, good amount of time on the OBJ, etc, but at the same time, my team was getting railed. 

I checked the scoreboard, and my “nemesis” was carrying his whole team[of corner campers], and somehow I’m close to the top using just a pistol.

I still lost tremendously for the next 3 matches, but that one was still pretty interesting.
            It does not work well 😂😂 at all
        Bro, I was running the single x12 and just barely scraping by. Then I get a match inwhich I was at the top of the of my team and by far. I felt like people were diving to get their head in the way of my bullets. I knew that this was my freebie, before I start getting gaped by the ranged diving spr head shotters.
    First name Icarus last name 5.56
😂😂 the pain and frustration can be felt bro
That my friend is when you load up youtube and just afk till it goes back to normal
SBMM sucks
I'd just uninstall the game if I were you.
    Might be an interesting experiment though, I will get hammered so hard next match it might put me in to a complete newbie lobby.

I could end up going from Dropping a nuke to being nuked in a cycle.
        Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
            This nuke was from me, now it’s from us.
I'm so sorry
I'm pretty sure invasion and Quickplay have seperated sbmm
    If invasion even has it. If I recall, Ground War in MW2019 didn’t have it. I’d play ground war most of the time and be able to streak
        Im not 100% sure, but i think ground war had some kind of sbmm. I'd have a few good ground war games. then all of a sudden I couldnt find a game in Aus or NZ at 8pm on a fri/sat night when i could see everyone on my diff discord servers all playing.   
I'd get put into some asian server, with 180ish ping and some guy with scribbles for a name aimbotting me.  
after that i'd get put in a game where 2/3 of my team were at the deployment running their move macros back, forwards, hop, nade, shoot, repeat to farm minimal xp and get easy lobbies.

theres just no winning
        Invasion does have it but it doesn't affect 6v6 sbmm
    I think you are right, however I think it still counts it in if you go back to normal MP.

Honestly nobody knows fully though.
        I played a fuck ton of Invasion and then went to mp and everyone was robots for my first game. Same thing in the beta, got a 28 killstreak my first game
    That’s why Invasion is the way to go right now. It feels so much more balanced than 6v6.
Bro got carried away 💀

My strategy is to make sure I die proportionately to my kills so my K/D doesnt get too crazy, like every 2-3 kills i intentionally let someone kill me to balance out the K/D

Not sure if it actually works tho 💀
    [deleted]
        Actually same. I'm atrocious at this game but at the rare occasion my K/D goes 2+ i try to make sure I die enough too
            The games you go 2+ kd is the carrot activision dangles in front of you for the gamea you go 3-18. The never ending treadmill of dopamine. Balanced as all things should be
                Yep, as soon as I notice I'm in one of those games I use a weapon I don't enjoy leveling and unlocking camos for.
    Kinda sad the game makes you want to play this way.
    I figure I get 2 chances to get RPG kills before it's time to "restock"
    Competitive SND got me sweeping house the first minute or two of the match in normal MP, I then gotta just kick back and let myself die as much as I killed in that time. No way do I want to get into lobbies where the other 6 players are all in a clan/party. When you see that shit, it's too late.
    lol This is me I reverse boost to normal lobbies to do camo challenges so I kill 3 I die 4 and repeat :P gets the camo done and no + KD :)
I'm gonna lvl all the snipers in Invasion after I get the marksman rifles platinum, I'm already having nightmares about the first match I get back into 6v6
    Yeah, everybody is using SR which is annoying but also was always going to happen.

I hate to do the same and be the guy ruining peoples fun, however I see it dying down once people have completed the camp challenges.
        SRs are a pain in the ass to fight against but some of my favorite matches were when I tried using an SMG and got pooped on so I had to switch to my LAB and lay down the law
I’ve been focused on grinding Camos mostly. And even then I sometimes do well on accident, and end up getting smacked by SBMM
    Doing the RPG-7 got me into some funny lobbies. I got yelled at for being a loser with no skill for using a launcher
        Lol are you me? Finished my RPG last night. One match I got back to back Vtols because the players were just standing there.

The best part is hearing the other team screaming THIS GUY WITH  THE FUCKEN RPG.
So much fun
            I did the rpg-7 in third person, which is much easier tbf but also you can still counter it so many ways lol
wait. Are you saying that capping a flag in domination gives my gun xp?
    Bingo bongo, my boy.

And if you want to level up a shit weapon because you can't get kills, just switch to it before you pick up dog tags or cap a dom flag. The xp goes to whatever weapon is equipped.


Launch a PILA rocket and while it's travelling to that UAV, switch to your shitty x12 pistol. Easy xp
        If you think the x12 is shitty… that thing has perfect accuracy faster sprint to fire than all guns, no recoil, and you can put out 2-3 shots before your opponent can react. 

Guns ass without attachments tho.
        Ho. Lee. Shit. Ty!
        Hey the x12 slaps, I think you mean the x13
Im doing the BR tree. I like how every gun I start my first reation is "this gun is terrible, I can not wait to get it done",
 then by the end I think "Im gonna miss that gun". I have only grinded 1 gun that I was not fond of
So, guns level up from objectives, as well as kills? 

That makes me feel even worse because I don't ignore them, and it's still taking me forever.
Lol attachment unlocks are very easy to follow other than when they don’t say what the requirement is and you actually have to dig for it but even then that’s a bug issue, idk why everyone thinks it’s so wild now
    The level requirements being high on certain weapons (and whole weapons being locked as well) seems to be done at random and its annoying. In order to get plat AR's I had to level a battle rifle and LMG to near max.

If I want to use the SP-X 80 (I'm going for snipers right now), I have to level the SPR to level 13, the SAB 50 to level 16, then level the LAB 330 to level 17. Doing all that then having to level a random weapon just to put the scope I want on is such a grind. If I have to grind I'd prefer the old challenges of unlocking the weapon normally and just getting 100 HS or whatever.
    Because nobody wants to level up other to random ass guns they don't care about play with guns they do care about.
This ^^
SBMM be like

"never again will you experience joy"
    "you shall know pain"
        "Almighty push!"
Double down and play like a total dick against the better players to piss them off.
    There's no better feeling than getting merked by snipers and switching to your own sniper build so you can clap their cheeks
        I go the total opposite route and just make their game less fun instead of trying to beat them at it. Smokes/claymores/shotgun/resupply.

Smoke their line of sight, leave claymores in random places to mess up their flow and make them paranoid about random corners, and then just blast them away while they scramble to adapt. It's almost like quick scope sweat kids are so focused on that type of play that they have no idea what to do when it stops being an option.
            What is it with people being afraid of thermal scopes in this game? I watch kill cams and all I see is iron sights or default scopes for snipers and marksman rifles. They legit become useless as soon as I put up a smoke wall with the drone and launch a few smoke grenades.
When you get to the platinum challenge for launchers (if that's what you're going for) just ignore everybody and only focus on streaks etc.

By the time you're done it'll be the other way around and the next few matches will be a lot easier. Good for your riot shield and knife if you need to lvl them
You’re the only one who deserves his fate.
I said the same lmaooo I had amazing 4 first matches and told my buddy ‘matchmaking hasn’t caught up yet’
    4 good matches=40 bad matches perfectly balanced as all things should be
[deleted]
    "Bomb drone ready for deployment"
Score streaks, hardline, objective based games. 

Get your streaks king
Sad thing is the inverse is also true. I’ll sometimes run goofy loadouts for fun and after a while I end up going against total bots since I don’t perform well. 

If I start playing with my normal guns again it’s just a slaughter fest. It’s basically smurfing, except I’m not doing it on purpose.
Does it deteriorate over time or something?
    Always seems to work for me
    No, just typical outlandish anti-sbmm claims.
Spot on same experience
I don't even post positive. I'll go 0.7 KD but be on a winning team since I'll have 10-15+  tags denied and a ton of captures or 3+ minutes on the hardpoint. 

SBMM comes around the corner like *"How many times do I have to teach you old man!*"

I'm already out of my league. There is nothing but pain and respawning in my future.
    [deleted]
        Score absolutely plays a part in the algorithm. My last 10 games or so have been strictly tdm. The 3 most recent ones were against people I could actually beat.
        My buddy and I are hard on PTFO.  After dragging our team to about 6 victories we found ourselves in a death lobby.  It wasn't even just skill, it was connection. I'd get popped by 3 shots but on my side it was *peek* **DIE**.
Dude the net code is soooo fucking bad in this game. It’s ridiculous.
It's because the sbmm is prioritized over connection and the servers must be overloaded. I've started paying attention to kill cams when it feels like I'm getting 1 shot and it looks like I'm a limp potato just standing there and they get a normal amount of hit markers, then I finally shoot at them. My reaction speed hasn't changed since the last match and I'm not a horrible player. There's almost no difference in their playstyle that I can notice, they're just on the better side of a shitty connection because the matchmaking is trying too hard.
    Every single time the matchmaking searches for lobbies up to 90+ ping, it never puts me in lobbies with less than that. It definitely affects the hitreg a lot and it's complete bs. Starting to feel like they're doing this on purpose, more of a way to punish you for being decent/good at the game.
        It almost has to be either an intentional priority thing with sbmm (sbmm over connection), overloaded servers (after opening surge dies down it gets better) or a combo of both. Either way it's horrible. So frustrating to watch a kill cam of a guy no sweatier than me just dog walking me bc on his screen I'm just standing there. I actually don't mind sweats, I make fun of them in lobbies but that's bc it's cod and you're supposed to do that, but if you're better than me I'm quietly taking notes on how I can be better. Which is why I liked the old days of connection over sbmm, sometimes you get to have fun and screw a lobby and other times you're getting taken for a walk and trying to learn how to be that sweaty. But rarely getting shit on only bc you're more than 1/10 sec behind them.
It’s honestly really hard to load the game up and then be like “gee I wonder if I’m gonna get my shit kicked for the next hour before I can actually play the game today”
Yeah, I've been doing the same thing. If I start getting repeatedly quick scoped and can barely turn a corner without getting blasted, I just leave. I have limited time to play games nowadays, so I want to enjoy the time I do have. And it's not like I NEED to dominate either. I just want to stand a chance and be on an even playing field.
    Yeah I'll literally leave 5-10 matches in a row if I sense sweat.
There really needs to be a casual option. Or better yet, a camo playlist where nothing is recorded to stats except camos. Killstreaks disabled. Exp gains disabled. Might be a disincentive for the sweats. I've just spent that past few games trying to get my last 2 hipfire kills on an AR for gold. Got 0. Got stomped like 5 games in a row. I went 2-19 earlier and got placed right back into a lobby where people were getting 30+ kills. Like wtf man. I'm sick of this blatant manipulation in the background.
Man complain with your wallet. I didnt buy this game until I confirmed if SBMM was strong or not. Adderal kids these days just need to pre-order play day 1. Send a message with your money
Sbmm is not for enjoyment it's meant for player rentention and it's to drive up micro transactions. I remember in the original cods they just match people based on ping
> how the fuck do the devs themselves enjoy the game

> it benefits the bottom 20%

you answered your own question

joe cecot isn't even getting bloodthirsties without sbmm
Engagement and metrics man, that's all that matters.

It is addicting. I will go 5-20 and all I want to do is keep playing so I can fucking avenge that score.

There's a reason these companies are hiring human psychologists instead of developers. They have your entire behaviour mapped out before you've even loaded in. They know that if you win 3 games in a row you're likely to clsoe the game, so if you lose on the 2nd you'll keep playing another 4 to avenge that low KD.

I really hope we get some Zoomers into Government to start banning this shit. People will laugh at me but it's addicting and massively unethical.
    They pray upon the same receptors in the brain as casinos do to gamblers.
        My brain doesn't get pleasure from gambling so probably why I haven't bought a cod since cold war which I only bought for zombies.

I haven't bought a cod for multiplayer since  blops 2.
    I hate this timeline...
    Funny thing is when I start having shit games I absolutely will keep playing to avenge my score... but if I'm winning a lot I'll play even longer. I'll keep pushing through shit but eventually get frustrated and stop. If I'm winning I'm having fun and I will play all night.
lol bold of you to think the devs "play" this game at all lol.
I don’t know man every dev blog video from every game I’ve watched has shown me that devs are always dogass at their own games.
    Split gate devs were really really good at their own game. Jeff Kaplan the head of Overwatch was platinum ranked I believe, which is way better than average.
        I have a feeling the devs are getting fucking dog walked in their own sbmm algorithms. And the probably they don't see the issue because their so low in the sbmm barrel they don't even have a chance to feel the pain that I'm feeling.
I don't think people would whine so much if they knew where they were on the ladder and could brag about it.
All of the devs are the lowest of the low skillwise. So yeah they are the bottom.
    I can’t believe mfs are ass at a game they’ve made. Completely defeats the purpose. If u ain’t inspired to play and get better at ur own game then ur just preparing for failure.
        You think everyone at the Louisville Slugger factory is Hank Aaron?
        He just made that up you basket case
            You think they’re good that means?
                No idea you lunatic
                    Damn someone’s pissed. Hope everything good at home lil bro 🤞🏼
                        You’re not well
                            Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
                                ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
Get better playing against people who challenge you. Dunking on the bottom 20% will only weaken your skills.
    That’s a very good point for a ranked mode, not pubs.
        Do they have a separate ranked mode yet?
            They do not, hence why when Ranked mode comes out and Warzone we'll see a return back to casual multiplayer.

That's the issue, the entire playerbase is focused into one playlist.
                So all the nuke hunters will be playing with each other and the average player will be in a lobby with other average players? The average players would have incentive to stay in ranked and ride the smaller waves than get absolutely dunked on in a non sbmm casual.
    Thats the point though. if you're playing against clones of yourself you aren't gonna get any better. To get better you want to play against people of varying skill levels of which some are alot better than you. SBMM just limits you and is stupid
        Get better at beating yourself and you get places in lobbies with better yous.
            'get better at beating yourself' I'm sorry in my childish brain that made me laugh lol
                Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
I mean they got your money regardless. Same as me. Same as 99.999999% of the players. Who cares if this game crashes tomorrow? They already made over 1 billion on it. Don't know how much of that is profit. Not to mention, it's already proven that they can release a new CoD on a short schedule and still make money (like Cold war being rush developed)

This game could die tomorrow and probably within 6 months we could get a rushed out half finished piece of shit and we will be lack "Oh maybe they've changed.. let's give them one more chance"..
Same for me. Most of the time I play fast, which means I die a lot, but I am always at the top of the board. I'm usually positive in the same range as you and every few games I'll have a monster, and I never really seem to feel the effects in later games. If anything, there's sometimes 1 mother fucker in a match who seems to have my number. But I never get into a lobby where *everyone* is shredding me. Maybe we're just good bro? Idk. Liking the game very much tho so far.
I’ve only played search but I don’t notice any wild swings in difficulty. There will be players that seem way out of their depth sometimes but most matches are competitive in the end. Maybe more consistent because more players are above average and a lot of people are partied up. I play like ‘that dude’ but everybody is playing like that so if I wasn’t jumping corners and prefiring with a good smg I’d be getting shredded. 

Just thinking maybe it’s not working as intended. Idk what else they’d do though besides bring back hardcore. That was always a big separator in the pool of players as in I wouldn’t play core ever if I had a choice.
I find them pretty damn quick already :D
Me neither, idk what game these guys are playing. I rarely finish below 1 kd. I'm decent at the game but not that good, probs like top 40 or 30%
Needs to keep being done until they remove or fix it.

Unfortunately the fans would rather everyone shut up and sing praise for the game rather than actually do anything to get the problem fixed.

Posting on reddit might achieve nothing, but doing nothing also achieves nothing.
    You puds have been bitching about it since 2019 when some random YouTuber brought it up.

Shit ain’t changing bro
    It’s possible most people don’t care. 


There are actual problems in the game right now. No flinch, inconsistent bullet damage, the worst UI in the world.

But y’all wanna pubstomp so badly that all you care about is SBMM.
Here's the thing. I don't think it's about purely K/D. Its way more complex. I'm pretty sure the game tracks your movement, reaction speed, accuracy, and w/e else they want and throws it into some kind of algorithm to place you with similar players. Like I swear I've had some good matches, but then I get my teeth fuckin kicked in several matches in a row and even though my k/d should be balanced out, I'm still getting sweaty af lobbies.
    The worst part is it seems to prioritize that stuff over connection. I’ll have a decent match, decent ping the whole 9…. Next few matches? Severe ping issues and stuttering and getting shot 2 times and dying. Like what am I supposed to do ☠️
    Definitely. I did hip fire only for a camo and within a couple of games I was in stupendously easy lobbies.
More or less. Warzone 1 did SBMM you depending on how well you played the last games
I think its a mix of your general K/D over all matches and your last few games. I highly doubt that your MP matches vount though. Warzone is F2P and many dont even play MP.
Because you’re a sweat. Not everybody wants to do that 9 out of 10 games.
That's literally how you get good, too. You're not going to advance your abilities playing with people of your same level.
    Then the devs need to nerf the gay ass snipers then
Lmfao have you considered the possibility you're just bad?
You got an Offensive Name, I’m reporting you! /s I just recognized you from that ban post which still has me worried. I think that’s a bigger issue than sbmm.
Reverse Boost?
My motto has become “gotta have a bad game to have a good game” I’d be stoked going 3-18 knowing my next game is gonna be against the make-a-wish kids.
    I wish it was that simple. I routinely get put in these adderall riddled lobbies no matter how negative I go.
        Same. When I see all the “TTV” or “YT” names and clan tags I know I’m in trouble.
            Most of those TTV people are trash to be honest. I encounter them all the time in my games and they are never anywhere near the top of the boards. People exaggerate a bit too much about YouTubers and Twitch streamers. They don’t become superhuman just because they stream.
                Facts. Whenever I play apex and I get a teammate with ttv in theie name they die qnd leave immediately most of the time. I've seen a few people with the tag go off in Mw2 but not many
            Wait until you met the [Phub]…
                The pornstar names are typically pretty average in my experience
                    Well, at least they won’t f*ck your mom like the “iTzViruzz”, “pr0MagicZz” or “Hitachi Uchiha” (or any other Naruto related). 

Quite ironic, if you ask me.
                    With Lhana Rhodes always being ESPECIALLY mid
                        I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
            Or when i see names like this あいり愛梨 😭💀
                GG when these show up 🥲
                Joined a lobby and after a minute realized my teammates weren't speaking English and was like

....Oh No.....OH NO.....
                When you live in East Asia.... That's all I see every game. I can go 0-20 and my next game is even worse. >.>
            I t-bag every last youtuber I play against so their viewers can watch a complete fucking scrub bagging their favorite sweatlord. If this game is gonna punish me for having a good match, you better believe I'm gonna find a way to have fun with it lol.
            Most of them actually suck, it's really fun to shit on them.
        Yeah, it feels little it takes 3-4 games of getting absolutely slaughtered before the system returns me to a lobby that fits my actual skill level.
            Same. I reach this level of lobbies that absolutely slaughter me and it takes like 4 matches before I'm placed into a bot lobby. I get 2 or 3 of those and then I'm back to matches where I'm 4-15. 


It just seems like there is no middle ground where I should belong.
                Yup. I get that feeling of there being no middle ground too. Additionally, good K/D between two players doesn't mean they have the same skill level. One person could be good at controlling a zone and being more methodical. The other person may have a good K/D from being a quickscoping beast. 

Just because I'm good at controlling a zone one game doesn't mean I should be matched with a quickscoping God the next game.
                    This happened last night.  Got into a lobby where we were able to hold the hard point everytime and eventually got pushed off with 5-10 left.  I was getting defends and assists from just holding.  


Next match "you went 22-7? Here's a bunch of quick scopers and Remington kids who do not miss so you're gonna die after one bullet and go 8-10.  But because we pushed zones STILL got the W.
                        Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
                            So much spr abuse.
                Wait, so the lobbies where I’m doing great and feeling absolutely competent are bot lobbies?

Fuck.
                    I’ve had a few where I thought I was playing bots. I’m like how can ppl be this bad?
                        i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
                    No, just a poor choice of words on my part.
                    Most likely. It definitely knows who to pair you against for a good match. Typically it’s people with little awareness and bad reaction times. Makes your good matches feel manufactured and rigged. The whole experience is kinda rigged unless you’re in the top 1% who are very high skilled. I just roll with it. I’m in the process of leveling up every gun so Idc about my performance too much anymore as long as I’m still progressing.
                I think instead of trying to find people of relatively similar skill, it tries to find a couple really good people, some mid, and a few scrubs, so everyone has someone they can kill, in theory, but it ends up just being unbalanced af.  I’m just guessing but that’s how it feels sometimes.
                These comments need to be on IW Twitter page so they can see I’m not the only one complaining about SBMM
                    Pych101 kids, the game hasn't changed
                        Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
        Same for me also, one really good game and I am stuck in what feels like optic/faze lobbies for at least the next 5 games.
        I dunno if my SBMM has a broken or what but the moment I played two matches it puts me in lobbies with all level 55, gold guns, the works. 

IW needs to chill bruh I'm only like level 14
        I went 8 and 79 because I kept drill charging myself because I was fed up with how cracked my lobbies were. Next game I went against a YouTuber who basically kicked my teeth in so hard I quit the game and haven't touched it since 😢
        Gotta agree here, went 5-20 trying to get hip fire kills with the Scar and still got lobbies for dolphin diving sweats on Embassy
        Doesn't that sound more like random matchmaking than SBMM?
            The TTV boys are reverse boosting to fish for clips against bad players. I suppose that's just MW's version of smurfing.
                I wish I could believe the addition of ranked lobbies will give those assholes something better to do, but I know it won't stop. Pub stomping makes them feel important
        Skill issue
            How is it a skill issue if I'm constantly put in lobbies with kids that are playing every match like it's the final round of the CDL Championship
    Hahaha Make A Wish kids.
        They probably actually slay
    Especially when going for camos. Get fucking rocked and then get hype knowing you'll knock some challenges out the way next game.
        We can just do them in shipment next week, though.
    I know this is gonna sound like a schizo moment but i almost wonder if that is exactly what they want to happen. They’ve flipped peoples mentality on doing poorly from wanting to quit or change games into wanting to play again for the chance that the next game could be really good. Almost feels like we’re just gambling with the lobbies and that “the next one is the one, can’t stop now” and all of a sudden youve been playing for hours.
        That's exactly what's happening. If you keep stomping you will stop playing. If you keep getting stomped you will stop playing. So the matchmaking system feeds you both games in order to keep you playing, and by extension, buying skins and cosmetics.
            Fucking stupid just to make trash players feel better
    Most of the times it's 5-7 bad games to have just 1 good game
I was pretty exhausted last night, had a game where I had a 2.2kd. Joined the next game. Started off 0-8. Turned off my Xbox and went to bed.
    😂 I’ve been there to many times with call of duty.
It's always the curly hair lady.
Swear it's either the lachman sub, m4 or one of the marksman rifles from these kinds of players
    I like the M4 and Lachmann sub. If you use snipers or marksman rifles your just trash and should go back to fortnite
They’re not gods. It’s called EOMM. Google it
Honestly I call complete bullshit. There’s no damn way some of y’all are that damn bad. 

I’m by no stretch of the word a good player, I’d call myself average at best. Occasionally i’ll pop off on a couple 25-10 games or some shit and get *slightly* more difficult games the next few games. By that I mean like I may go 8-10 or 10-15. And when partied up with some absolute sweats that we play with I average going like 8-10 or so while they drop 20 or 30 kills to ~15 deaths in the sweat lobbies we play in.

but I have never seen any person get put into a game where they go 3-18 after pulling a 1.2 KD. Unless you dropped 40 kills or some shit I call absolute bullshit, or you’re just a bad player.

Me, an average at best player, can hold 8 or 10 kills in absolute sweat lobbies. Ain’t no damn way you can only get 3 kills.
    yea man for sure
    Happens to me every day.
    I just read the entire thread it sounds like a lot of bad players
        It’s not it’s SBMM that fucks you
When I get into a sweaty lobby I just play the objective hard and usually get a top score with the fewest kills and most deaths. After a few rounds like this I'll get people that aren't jumping or sliding around every corner.
    I was in a lobby like this last night. They kept sliding on me so I just switched to a shotgun and listened for the slide. Popped them the moment they appeared. It was fun.
    for the last 3 days every match has had people who have laser accuracy. Jump every corner using the SPR or some SMG and sliding everywhere and i typically go negative but have the top objective score still in bad lobbies every game and the game still refuses to give me good ping.
    I’ve been in hardpoint matches where I’d have over 3 minutes and everyone else has sub 1 minute 🥲
        Those are half of my games, not even exaggerating
        I get teammates with sub 10 seconds over here.. Craptivision really wants me to carry these guys, and I probably could if they put down the glue they’re eating for a second and PTFO! 💀

P.S. There are hard point matches where we lose by a lot and there’s an idiot with 45+ kills and 5 seconds on the point up on the leaderboard.. GO PLAY TDM YOU DONUT
100%. The best course of action is to just leave the game if you get sweaty lobbies.

Everyone on Twitch is doing exactly that because it sucks at the moment.
    >Everyone on Twitch is doing exactly that because it sucks at the moment.

The irony of that, though. Streamers are the show-off players.
        It actually makes perfect sense. Streamers do want to show off to pull in subs and donations - in ranked, they want to show off their rank (for example, one might watch a Grandmaster Quinn main in LoL just because they're a Grandmaster Quinn main). In casual, they want to show a skill disparity. If casual games are super competitive and it's tough to tell the streamer is doing well, it may not be interesting for viewers since they have no indicator of general skill level present.

The stronger SBMM gets, the closer casual is to tempermental ranked with nothing shiny to show off, which isn't what pulls in subs for them. The absolute best (actual pros) can still post good scores, but the people somewhat above average don't get a visible result for their effort to show off to others.
    Yup. Play out the fun games, leave the not fun ones, it’s tolerable that way
        Quitters suck though. I've had so many games that were close ruined by quitters and somehow the game just struggles to fill that 1 or 2 missing spots.
            [deleted]
            Blame activision.
            I mean yeah if it’s a close fun game I wouldn’t leave
            Really? I feel like 90% of my initial search games are JiP
        If you're regularly quitting mid match, perhaps you just don't like the game? You're getting a loss stat either way, may as well at least fuck around in the game rather than looking at the laggy lobby.
            I’m not regularly quitting tho? Probably 1 every 5-6 matches I can tell I’m getting SBMM-fucked with a shit team to carry and I just leave lol, I’m not getting paid to coach bad kids
                Dude, that is regular. Like Jesus that's multiple a day.
                    I mean shitty SBMM is nothing new to CoD 😂 this is exactly how you actually maintain enjoyment with the game. 

Play the fair matches, leave the unfair ones. It’s so easy
                        Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
                            It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
                            [deleted]
    Unfortunately the game punishes you for leaving matches early by putting you in already starting matches which are losing 99 percent of the time.

If you always stay until the end it tends to give you mostly fresh matches
    Do you not get put in a leavers queue or something? I feel like I have bad games after leaving
        Nah, nor should it. It's casual not ranked.

Ranked should have a leavers queue.
    If you quit a lobby every time you aren’t winning, you are the sweaty player lmao.
        Not how it works. A sweaty player would switch loadout to a meta class just to win. I'm exiting because I'm a filthy casual and want to relax with an M4 and capture some flags.

They want to go into domination, ignore the objectives and get as many chopper gunners as possible.

We are not the same.
The prevailing theory is that SBMM is designed to have your matches follow a pattern on wins and losses that is most likely to keep you playing.  This is based on studies of players to see what pattern of W/L lead to the most player engagement.  It’s impossible to know for certain though.

So extreme performances either good or bad seem to quickly affect your next matches.
    You pay attention to whether you won or lost?
        I’m not a bot going for camos so yes I play the game to try to win.
You can’t just RPG yourself over and over like we did back in 2019, the system will catch that, but now you can kill someone and die 2-3 times right after, just to tank you k/d, do this for about 3/4 matches
    i fucking knew it
    Good to know cause I was killing it in hardpoint then went over to invasion and holy hell was it sweaty
The sbmm in this game is RAPID
Yup as long as u fall below the threshold long enough the game will toss u bot lobbies.
Were you around in 2019? I'm sure camo grinders will show off videos of their lobbies over the next month or so.

It's bad lol. You go from people who are the gods of spawn prediction and have their headsets tuned to hear a pin drop to people who might genuinely have a hard time against regular bots.
I have no way of verifying it, but it does feel that way.  My wife and I usually switch off, I do fairly well every match, she usually trails towards the bottom of the score list. 
As long as we go turn for turn, I am in sweet, very killable lobbies. . . As soon as I am grinding on my own on the weekends as an example, after the first couple of rounds, I start getting my shit rocked lol.
I then go back to playing with her taking turns, and after a few matches, I'm back to consistently being in 1st or 2nd place of the lobby every match.

So idk, but yea, I believe so.
    You do understand that to everyone else in those “sweet, very killable lobbies” you’re the sweaty player, right? 

SBMM isn’t broken, Redditors just don’t like that they actually have to play against people at the same skill level as them and intentionally manipulate the algorithm so they can keep pub stomping easy lobbies of people who never stood a chance against them anyways. It’s the video game equivalent of an adult registering in a kid’s wrestling tournament just so they can beat up a bunch of weaker competitors.
        Facts lmao. Everyone wants to do the stomping and no one wants to get stomped.
            They think they should always finish in the top 3 on the leaderboard, and if they don’t it’s SBMM’s fault. 

I’ve also noticed that the only people who complain about getting thrown around in crazy lobbies are the ones who talk about manipulating the SBMM algorithm to keep their games easier. Like, no wonder it’s not working well for you, you keep intentionally fucking with it.
        That's called sandbagging and it's cute how common it is to find folks proud of it.   


"Yeah man when I go down a few SBMM tiers I stomp"  
Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.
            To be fair, most complaints about SBMM are met with "if you don't want to be sweaty all the time, just stop trying as hard" which is a fancy way to describe sandbagging.

I just can't bring myself to do it, but I've had tons of proponents of SBMM tell me to over the last few years. In the past, when people wanted better scores in casual the solution was to improve. Now, the solution is to trick SBMM, intentionally (sandbag/reverse boost) or unintentionally (get killed on off meta setups and then switch to meta). Even several high end players use geofiltering to keep themselves in the US, because ultimately the game is totally willing to send you to Europe if it thinks that's the only way to push your score back down.
            > Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.


Your logic doesn't work.

You must be by a large margin the best cod player wo talk this planet to stomp "on their own skill level" - and thats because no one is matching your level.

By design you won't stomp in shitty SBMM lobbies, because no matter how much you improve you'll be put against equally skilled people every single game.
                Tell me you don't play at a high level without telling me.
                    I don't play this trash game at all, i play actual competitive FPS like cs:go. 

The highest tier of any competitive shooter is filled with the same top% so unless you're the 1% of the 1% you won't constantly stomp.
                        You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
                            How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
        I suppose, but it seems more balance to me in my circumstances as described.  Yes I score high, but that is objective based.   I'm not absolutely stomping everyone soley on kills, it honestly seems more "skill" matched.  The kill spread is usually fairly even as well.  [Ptfo.]
I don't encounter bunny hoppers, or long corner campers, or quick scopers like when it bumps me up a skill bracket.  It sucks trying to play legit and getting spawn trapped or you can't round a corner without a bullet in the head 6 out of 7 spawns.
Imo higher skilled lobbies are loaded with cancerous players using frustrating techniques that ruin the enjoyment of a match.  /  lower skilled lobbies are more straight forward gun play.  
But again, just my opinion based off my personal observations.  
I appreciate your input.
You monster, I love it 🤣
I do, I currently play on an Xbox series s until I finish my new pc build.  With the cross play lobbies, I am honestly thankful for the aim assist.  Used to be against it, but now, we at least stand a slight chance at going toe to toe with pc kids.
    sorry, I was trying to joke that you were getting crazy kd with a TV remote control. 😅 I got no hate on game controllers since cross play is mandatory now
    I love the idea of aim assist to allow everyone to play together but man, they over did it to the point that a lot of people are using controllers on PC for the advantage.
        I tried that, and while the aim assist was ridiculous, I couldn’t revert back to my Halo 1 days of being a game pad FPS player. It’s kbm till I die now.
    The controller aim assist has always evened it out. Now controller players have an extreme advantage
The Basilisk 🥰 
I love that mindset, good looks!
Yes 🤣, but she IS improving. . . So we'll be covered in sweat soon enough.
When the single X12 starts to feel really good in a hardpoint match, you’ve gone too far.
    I started leveling the revolver a couple of days ago. At first I got wrecked of course, but about 5 matches in I realized how absolutely afwul the movement of my teammates was. I'm not even talking about the guys that sit in a bush to camp the whole match going 5-3, or those that crouch after spawning and slowly move around in ADS, not really encountering anyone the whole match, but about those that walk around as if their controller only has 1 stick and 3 buttons. Those are the ones that indeed make you think you entered a make a wish / retirement home / special needs / on the internet no one knows you're a dog lobbies. I slipped a bit too far through those cracks, and after one 21-4 or something match, I came right into the sweet spot where my revolver was competetive enough against M16s and Lachmann Subs to get around a 1 K/D. I know there's a lot of hating on SBMM, but I was actually quite impressed by how well it works.
        Although it’s [SBMM] still quite present, it feels different than the last few games. 

[I could just be getting worse at CoD over time]

There was a game the other day (Hardpoint on el Asilo) where it felt like there was only *one* really good player on the other team(the guy that turns into your nemesis for the match, you know?). 

I got several really nice feeds, good amount of time on the OBJ, etc, but at the same time, my team was getting railed. 

I checked the scoreboard, and my “nemesis” was carrying his whole team[of corner campers], and somehow I’m close to the top using just a pistol.

I still lost tremendously for the next 3 matches, but that one was still pretty interesting.
        It does not work well 😂😂 at all
    Bro, I was running the single x12 and just barely scraping by. Then I get a match inwhich I was at the top of the of my team and by far. I felt like people were diving to get their head in the way of my bullets. I knew that this was my freebie, before I start getting gaped by the ranged diving spr head shotters.
First name Icarus last name 5.56
Might be an interesting experiment though, I will get hammered so hard next match it might put me in to a complete newbie lobby.

I could end up going from Dropping a nuke to being nuked in a cycle.
    Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
        This nuke was from me, now it’s from us.
If invasion even has it. If I recall, Ground War in MW2019 didn’t have it. I’d play ground war most of the time and be able to streak
    Im not 100% sure, but i think ground war had some kind of sbmm. I'd have a few good ground war games. then all of a sudden I couldnt find a game in Aus or NZ at 8pm on a fri/sat night when i could see everyone on my diff discord servers all playing.   
I'd get put into some asian server, with 180ish ping and some guy with scribbles for a name aimbotting me.  
after that i'd get put in a game where 2/3 of my team were at the deployment running their move macros back, forwards, hop, nade, shoot, repeat to farm minimal xp and get easy lobbies.

theres just no winning
    Invasion does have it but it doesn't affect 6v6 sbmm
I think you are right, however I think it still counts it in if you go back to normal MP.

Honestly nobody knows fully though.
    I played a fuck ton of Invasion and then went to mp and everyone was robots for my first game. Same thing in the beta, got a 28 killstreak my first game
That’s why Invasion is the way to go right now. It feels so much more balanced than 6v6.
[deleted]
    Actually same. I'm atrocious at this game but at the rare occasion my K/D goes 2+ i try to make sure I die enough too
        The games you go 2+ kd is the carrot activision dangles in front of you for the gamea you go 3-18. The never ending treadmill of dopamine. Balanced as all things should be
            Yep, as soon as I notice I'm in one of those games I use a weapon I don't enjoy leveling and unlocking camos for.
Kinda sad the game makes you want to play this way.
I figure I get 2 chances to get RPG kills before it's time to "restock"
Competitive SND got me sweeping house the first minute or two of the match in normal MP, I then gotta just kick back and let myself die as much as I killed in that time. No way do I want to get into lobbies where the other 6 players are all in a clan/party. When you see that shit, it's too late.
lol This is me I reverse boost to normal lobbies to do camo challenges so I kill 3 I die 4 and repeat :P gets the camo done and no + KD :)
Yeah, everybody is using SR which is annoying but also was always going to happen.

I hate to do the same and be the guy ruining peoples fun, however I see it dying down once people have completed the camp challenges.
    SRs are a pain in the ass to fight against but some of my favorite matches were when I tried using an SMG and got pooped on so I had to switch to my LAB and lay down the law
Doing the RPG-7 got me into some funny lobbies. I got yelled at for being a loser with no skill for using a launcher
    Lol are you me? Finished my RPG last night. One match I got back to back Vtols because the players were just standing there.

The best part is hearing the other team screaming THIS GUY WITH  THE FUCKEN RPG.
So much fun
        I did the rpg-7 in third person, which is much easier tbf but also you can still counter it so many ways lol
Bingo bongo, my boy.

And if you want to level up a shit weapon because you can't get kills, just switch to it before you pick up dog tags or cap a dom flag. The xp goes to whatever weapon is equipped.


Launch a PILA rocket and while it's travelling to that UAV, switch to your shitty x12 pistol. Easy xp
    If you think the x12 is shitty… that thing has perfect accuracy faster sprint to fire than all guns, no recoil, and you can put out 2-3 shots before your opponent can react. 

Guns ass without attachments tho.
    Ho. Lee. Shit. Ty!
    Hey the x12 slaps, I think you mean the x13
The level requirements being high on certain weapons (and whole weapons being locked as well) seems to be done at random and its annoying. In order to get plat AR's I had to level a battle rifle and LMG to near max.

If I want to use the SP-X 80 (I'm going for snipers right now), I have to level the SPR to level 13, the SAB 50 to level 16, then level the LAB 330 to level 17. Doing all that then having to level a random weapon just to put the scope I want on is such a grind. If I have to grind I'd prefer the old challenges of unlocking the weapon normally and just getting 100 HS or whatever.
Because nobody wants to level up other to random ass guns they don't care about play with guns they do care about.
"you shall know pain"
    "Almighty push!"
There's no better feeling than getting merked by snipers and switching to your own sniper build so you can clap their cheeks
    I go the total opposite route and just make their game less fun instead of trying to beat them at it. Smokes/claymores/shotgun/resupply.

Smoke their line of sight, leave claymores in random places to mess up their flow and make them paranoid about random corners, and then just blast them away while they scramble to adapt. It's almost like quick scope sweat kids are so focused on that type of play that they have no idea what to do when it stops being an option.
        What is it with people being afraid of thermal scopes in this game? I watch kill cams and all I see is iron sights or default scopes for snipers and marksman rifles. They legit become useless as soon as I put up a smoke wall with the drone and launch a few smoke grenades.
4 good matches=40 bad matches perfectly balanced as all things should be
"Bomb drone ready for deployment"
Always seems to work for me
No, just typical outlandish anti-sbmm claims.
[deleted]
    Score absolutely plays a part in the algorithm. My last 10 games or so have been strictly tdm. The 3 most recent ones were against people I could actually beat.
    My buddy and I are hard on PTFO.  After dragging our team to about 6 victories we found ourselves in a death lobby.  It wasn't even just skill, it was connection. I'd get popped by 3 shots but on my side it was *peek* **DIE**.
Every single time the matchmaking searches for lobbies up to 90+ ping, it never puts me in lobbies with less than that. It definitely affects the hitreg a lot and it's complete bs. Starting to feel like they're doing this on purpose, more of a way to punish you for being decent/good at the game.
    It almost has to be either an intentional priority thing with sbmm (sbmm over connection), overloaded servers (after opening surge dies down it gets better) or a combo of both. Either way it's horrible. So frustrating to watch a kill cam of a guy no sweatier than me just dog walking me bc on his screen I'm just standing there. I actually don't mind sweats, I make fun of them in lobbies but that's bc it's cod and you're supposed to do that, but if you're better than me I'm quietly taking notes on how I can be better. Which is why I liked the old days of connection over sbmm, sometimes you get to have fun and screw a lobby and other times you're getting taken for a walk and trying to learn how to be that sweaty. But rarely getting shit on only bc you're more than 1/10 sec behind them.
Yeah I'll literally leave 5-10 matches in a row if I sense sweat.
They pray upon the same receptors in the brain as casinos do to gamblers.
    My brain doesn't get pleasure from gambling so probably why I haven't bought a cod since cold war which I only bought for zombies.

I haven't bought a cod for multiplayer since  blops 2.
I hate this timeline...
Funny thing is when I start having shit games I absolutely will keep playing to avenge my score... but if I'm winning a lot I'll play even longer. I'll keep pushing through shit but eventually get frustrated and stop. If I'm winning I'm having fun and I will play all night.
Split gate devs were really really good at their own game. Jeff Kaplan the head of Overwatch was platinum ranked I believe, which is way better than average.
    I have a feeling the devs are getting fucking dog walked in their own sbmm algorithms. And the probably they don't see the issue because their so low in the sbmm barrel they don't even have a chance to feel the pain that I'm feeling.
I can’t believe mfs are ass at a game they’ve made. Completely defeats the purpose. If u ain’t inspired to play and get better at ur own game then ur just preparing for failure.
    You think everyone at the Louisville Slugger factory is Hank Aaron?
    He just made that up you basket case
        You think they’re good that means?
            No idea you lunatic
                Damn someone’s pissed. Hope everything good at home lil bro 🤞🏼
                    You’re not well
                        Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
                            ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
That’s a very good point for a ranked mode, not pubs.
    Do they have a separate ranked mode yet?
        They do not, hence why when Ranked mode comes out and Warzone we'll see a return back to casual multiplayer.

That's the issue, the entire playerbase is focused into one playlist.
            So all the nuke hunters will be playing with each other and the average player will be in a lobby with other average players? The average players would have incentive to stay in ranked and ride the smaller waves than get absolutely dunked on in a non sbmm casual.
Thats the point though. if you're playing against clones of yourself you aren't gonna get any better. To get better you want to play against people of varying skill levels of which some are alot better than you. SBMM just limits you and is stupid
    Get better at beating yourself and you get places in lobbies with better yous.
        'get better at beating yourself' I'm sorry in my childish brain that made me laugh lol
            Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
You puds have been bitching about it since 2019 when some random YouTuber brought it up.

Shit ain’t changing bro
It’s possible most people don’t care. 


There are actual problems in the game right now. No flinch, inconsistent bullet damage, the worst UI in the world.

But y’all wanna pubstomp so badly that all you care about is SBMM.
The worst part is it seems to prioritize that stuff over connection. I’ll have a decent match, decent ping the whole 9…. Next few matches? Severe ping issues and stuttering and getting shot 2 times and dying. Like what am I supposed to do ☠️
Definitely. I did hip fire only for a camo and within a couple of games I was in stupendously easy lobbies.
Then the devs need to nerf the gay ass snipers then
I wish it was that simple. I routinely get put in these adderall riddled lobbies no matter how negative I go.
    Same. When I see all the “TTV” or “YT” names and clan tags I know I’m in trouble.
        Most of those TTV people are trash to be honest. I encounter them all the time in my games and they are never anywhere near the top of the boards. People exaggerate a bit too much about YouTubers and Twitch streamers. They don’t become superhuman just because they stream.
            Facts. Whenever I play apex and I get a teammate with ttv in theie name they die qnd leave immediately most of the time. I've seen a few people with the tag go off in Mw2 but not many
        Wait until you met the [Phub]…
            The pornstar names are typically pretty average in my experience
                Well, at least they won’t f*ck your mom like the “iTzViruzz”, “pr0MagicZz” or “Hitachi Uchiha” (or any other Naruto related). 

Quite ironic, if you ask me.
                With Lhana Rhodes always being ESPECIALLY mid
                    I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
        Or when i see names like this あいり愛梨 😭💀
            GG when these show up 🥲
            Joined a lobby and after a minute realized my teammates weren't speaking English and was like

....Oh No.....OH NO.....
            When you live in East Asia.... That's all I see every game. I can go 0-20 and my next game is even worse. >.>
        I t-bag every last youtuber I play against so their viewers can watch a complete fucking scrub bagging their favorite sweatlord. If this game is gonna punish me for having a good match, you better believe I'm gonna find a way to have fun with it lol.
        Most of them actually suck, it's really fun to shit on them.
    Yeah, it feels little it takes 3-4 games of getting absolutely slaughtered before the system returns me to a lobby that fits my actual skill level.
        Same. I reach this level of lobbies that absolutely slaughter me and it takes like 4 matches before I'm placed into a bot lobby. I get 2 or 3 of those and then I'm back to matches where I'm 4-15. 


It just seems like there is no middle ground where I should belong.
            Yup. I get that feeling of there being no middle ground too. Additionally, good K/D between two players doesn't mean they have the same skill level. One person could be good at controlling a zone and being more methodical. The other person may have a good K/D from being a quickscoping beast. 

Just because I'm good at controlling a zone one game doesn't mean I should be matched with a quickscoping God the next game.
                This happened last night.  Got into a lobby where we were able to hold the hard point everytime and eventually got pushed off with 5-10 left.  I was getting defends and assists from just holding.  


Next match "you went 22-7? Here's a bunch of quick scopers and Remington kids who do not miss so you're gonna die after one bullet and go 8-10.  But because we pushed zones STILL got the W.
                    Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
                        So much spr abuse.
            Wait, so the lobbies where I’m doing great and feeling absolutely competent are bot lobbies?

Fuck.
                I’ve had a few where I thought I was playing bots. I’m like how can ppl be this bad?
                    i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
                No, just a poor choice of words on my part.
                Most likely. It definitely knows who to pair you against for a good match. Typically it’s people with little awareness and bad reaction times. Makes your good matches feel manufactured and rigged. The whole experience is kinda rigged unless you’re in the top 1% who are very high skilled. I just roll with it. I’m in the process of leveling up every gun so Idc about my performance too much anymore as long as I’m still progressing.
            I think instead of trying to find people of relatively similar skill, it tries to find a couple really good people, some mid, and a few scrubs, so everyone has someone they can kill, in theory, but it ends up just being unbalanced af.  I’m just guessing but that’s how it feels sometimes.
            These comments need to be on IW Twitter page so they can see I’m not the only one complaining about SBMM
                Pych101 kids, the game hasn't changed
                    Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
    Same for me also, one really good game and I am stuck in what feels like optic/faze lobbies for at least the next 5 games.
    I dunno if my SBMM has a broken or what but the moment I played two matches it puts me in lobbies with all level 55, gold guns, the works. 

IW needs to chill bruh I'm only like level 14
    I went 8 and 79 because I kept drill charging myself because I was fed up with how cracked my lobbies were. Next game I went against a YouTuber who basically kicked my teeth in so hard I quit the game and haven't touched it since 😢
    Gotta agree here, went 5-20 trying to get hip fire kills with the Scar and still got lobbies for dolphin diving sweats on Embassy
    Doesn't that sound more like random matchmaking than SBMM?
        The TTV boys are reverse boosting to fish for clips against bad players. I suppose that's just MW's version of smurfing.
            I wish I could believe the addition of ranked lobbies will give those assholes something better to do, but I know it won't stop. Pub stomping makes them feel important
    Skill issue
        How is it a skill issue if I'm constantly put in lobbies with kids that are playing every match like it's the final round of the CDL Championship
Hahaha Make A Wish kids.
    They probably actually slay
Especially when going for camos. Get fucking rocked and then get hype knowing you'll knock some challenges out the way next game.
    We can just do them in shipment next week, though.
I know this is gonna sound like a schizo moment but i almost wonder if that is exactly what they want to happen. They’ve flipped peoples mentality on doing poorly from wanting to quit or change games into wanting to play again for the chance that the next game could be really good. Almost feels like we’re just gambling with the lobbies and that “the next one is the one, can’t stop now” and all of a sudden youve been playing for hours.
    That's exactly what's happening. If you keep stomping you will stop playing. If you keep getting stomped you will stop playing. So the matchmaking system feeds you both games in order to keep you playing, and by extension, buying skins and cosmetics.
        Fucking stupid just to make trash players feel better
Most of the times it's 5-7 bad games to have just 1 good game
😂 I’ve been there to many times with call of duty.
I like the M4 and Lachmann sub. If you use snipers or marksman rifles your just trash and should go back to fortnite
yea man for sure
Happens to me every day.
I just read the entire thread it sounds like a lot of bad players
    It’s not it’s SBMM that fucks you
I was in a lobby like this last night. They kept sliding on me so I just switched to a shotgun and listened for the slide. Popped them the moment they appeared. It was fun.
for the last 3 days every match has had people who have laser accuracy. Jump every corner using the SPR or some SMG and sliding everywhere and i typically go negative but have the top objective score still in bad lobbies every game and the game still refuses to give me good ping.
I’ve been in hardpoint matches where I’d have over 3 minutes and everyone else has sub 1 minute 🥲
    Those are half of my games, not even exaggerating
    I get teammates with sub 10 seconds over here.. Craptivision really wants me to carry these guys, and I probably could if they put down the glue they’re eating for a second and PTFO! 💀

P.S. There are hard point matches where we lose by a lot and there’s an idiot with 45+ kills and 5 seconds on the point up on the leaderboard.. GO PLAY TDM YOU DONUT
>Everyone on Twitch is doing exactly that because it sucks at the moment.

The irony of that, though. Streamers are the show-off players.
    It actually makes perfect sense. Streamers do want to show off to pull in subs and donations - in ranked, they want to show off their rank (for example, one might watch a Grandmaster Quinn main in LoL just because they're a Grandmaster Quinn main). In casual, they want to show a skill disparity. If casual games are super competitive and it's tough to tell the streamer is doing well, it may not be interesting for viewers since they have no indicator of general skill level present.

The stronger SBMM gets, the closer casual is to tempermental ranked with nothing shiny to show off, which isn't what pulls in subs for them. The absolute best (actual pros) can still post good scores, but the people somewhat above average don't get a visible result for their effort to show off to others.
Yup. Play out the fun games, leave the not fun ones, it’s tolerable that way
    Quitters suck though. I've had so many games that were close ruined by quitters and somehow the game just struggles to fill that 1 or 2 missing spots.
        [deleted]
        Blame activision.
        I mean yeah if it’s a close fun game I wouldn’t leave
        Really? I feel like 90% of my initial search games are JiP
    If you're regularly quitting mid match, perhaps you just don't like the game? You're getting a loss stat either way, may as well at least fuck around in the game rather than looking at the laggy lobby.
        I’m not regularly quitting tho? Probably 1 every 5-6 matches I can tell I’m getting SBMM-fucked with a shit team to carry and I just leave lol, I’m not getting paid to coach bad kids
            Dude, that is regular. Like Jesus that's multiple a day.
                I mean shitty SBMM is nothing new to CoD 😂 this is exactly how you actually maintain enjoyment with the game. 

Play the fair matches, leave the unfair ones. It’s so easy
                    Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
                        It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
                        [deleted]
Unfortunately the game punishes you for leaving matches early by putting you in already starting matches which are losing 99 percent of the time.

If you always stay until the end it tends to give you mostly fresh matches
Do you not get put in a leavers queue or something? I feel like I have bad games after leaving
    Nah, nor should it. It's casual not ranked.

Ranked should have a leavers queue.
If you quit a lobby every time you aren’t winning, you are the sweaty player lmao.
    Not how it works. A sweaty player would switch loadout to a meta class just to win. I'm exiting because I'm a filthy casual and want to relax with an M4 and capture some flags.

They want to go into domination, ignore the objectives and get as many chopper gunners as possible.

We are not the same.
You pay attention to whether you won or lost?
    I’m not a bot going for camos so yes I play the game to try to win.
i fucking knew it
Good to know cause I was killing it in hardpoint then went over to invasion and holy hell was it sweaty
You do understand that to everyone else in those “sweet, very killable lobbies” you’re the sweaty player, right? 

SBMM isn’t broken, Redditors just don’t like that they actually have to play against people at the same skill level as them and intentionally manipulate the algorithm so they can keep pub stomping easy lobbies of people who never stood a chance against them anyways. It’s the video game equivalent of an adult registering in a kid’s wrestling tournament just so they can beat up a bunch of weaker competitors.
    Facts lmao. Everyone wants to do the stomping and no one wants to get stomped.
        They think they should always finish in the top 3 on the leaderboard, and if they don’t it’s SBMM’s fault. 

I’ve also noticed that the only people who complain about getting thrown around in crazy lobbies are the ones who talk about manipulating the SBMM algorithm to keep their games easier. Like, no wonder it’s not working well for you, you keep intentionally fucking with it.
    That's called sandbagging and it's cute how common it is to find folks proud of it.   


"Yeah man when I go down a few SBMM tiers I stomp"  
Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.
        To be fair, most complaints about SBMM are met with "if you don't want to be sweaty all the time, just stop trying as hard" which is a fancy way to describe sandbagging.

I just can't bring myself to do it, but I've had tons of proponents of SBMM tell me to over the last few years. In the past, when people wanted better scores in casual the solution was to improve. Now, the solution is to trick SBMM, intentionally (sandbag/reverse boost) or unintentionally (get killed on off meta setups and then switch to meta). Even several high end players use geofiltering to keep themselves in the US, because ultimately the game is totally willing to send you to Europe if it thinks that's the only way to push your score back down.
        > Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.


Your logic doesn't work.

You must be by a large margin the best cod player wo talk this planet to stomp "on their own skill level" - and thats because no one is matching your level.

By design you won't stomp in shitty SBMM lobbies, because no matter how much you improve you'll be put against equally skilled people every single game.
            Tell me you don't play at a high level without telling me.
                I don't play this trash game at all, i play actual competitive FPS like cs:go. 

The highest tier of any competitive shooter is filled with the same top% so unless you're the 1% of the 1% you won't constantly stomp.
                    You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
                        How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
    I suppose, but it seems more balance to me in my circumstances as described.  Yes I score high, but that is objective based.   I'm not absolutely stomping everyone soley on kills, it honestly seems more "skill" matched.  The kill spread is usually fairly even as well.  [Ptfo.]
I don't encounter bunny hoppers, or long corner campers, or quick scopers like when it bumps me up a skill bracket.  It sucks trying to play legit and getting spawn trapped or you can't round a corner without a bullet in the head 6 out of 7 spawns.
Imo higher skilled lobbies are loaded with cancerous players using frustrating techniques that ruin the enjoyment of a match.  /  lower skilled lobbies are more straight forward gun play.  
But again, just my opinion based off my personal observations.  
I appreciate your input.
sorry, I was trying to joke that you were getting crazy kd with a TV remote control. 😅 I got no hate on game controllers since cross play is mandatory now
I love the idea of aim assist to allow everyone to play together but man, they over did it to the point that a lot of people are using controllers on PC for the advantage.
    I tried that, and while the aim assist was ridiculous, I couldn’t revert back to my Halo 1 days of being a game pad FPS player. It’s kbm till I die now.
The controller aim assist has always evened it out. Now controller players have an extreme advantage
I started leveling the revolver a couple of days ago. At first I got wrecked of course, but about 5 matches in I realized how absolutely afwul the movement of my teammates was. I'm not even talking about the guys that sit in a bush to camp the whole match going 5-3, or those that crouch after spawning and slowly move around in ADS, not really encountering anyone the whole match, but about those that walk around as if their controller only has 1 stick and 3 buttons. Those are the ones that indeed make you think you entered a make a wish / retirement home / special needs / on the internet no one knows you're a dog lobbies. I slipped a bit too far through those cracks, and after one 21-4 or something match, I came right into the sweet spot where my revolver was competetive enough against M16s and Lachmann Subs to get around a 1 K/D. I know there's a lot of hating on SBMM, but I was actually quite impressed by how well it works.
    Although it’s [SBMM] still quite present, it feels different than the last few games. 

[I could just be getting worse at CoD over time]

There was a game the other day (Hardpoint on el Asilo) where it felt like there was only *one* really good player on the other team(the guy that turns into your nemesis for the match, you know?). 

I got several really nice feeds, good amount of time on the OBJ, etc, but at the same time, my team was getting railed. 

I checked the scoreboard, and my “nemesis” was carrying his whole team[of corner campers], and somehow I’m close to the top using just a pistol.

I still lost tremendously for the next 3 matches, but that one was still pretty interesting.
    It does not work well 😂😂 at all
Bro, I was running the single x12 and just barely scraping by. Then I get a match inwhich I was at the top of the of my team and by far. I felt like people were diving to get their head in the way of my bullets. I knew that this was my freebie, before I start getting gaped by the ranged diving spr head shotters.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
    This nuke was from me, now it’s from us.
Im not 100% sure, but i think ground war had some kind of sbmm. I'd have a few good ground war games. then all of a sudden I couldnt find a game in Aus or NZ at 8pm on a fri/sat night when i could see everyone on my diff discord servers all playing.   
I'd get put into some asian server, with 180ish ping and some guy with scribbles for a name aimbotting me.  
after that i'd get put in a game where 2/3 of my team were at the deployment running their move macros back, forwards, hop, nade, shoot, repeat to farm minimal xp and get easy lobbies.

theres just no winning
Invasion does have it but it doesn't affect 6v6 sbmm
I played a fuck ton of Invasion and then went to mp and everyone was robots for my first game. Same thing in the beta, got a 28 killstreak my first game
Actually same. I'm atrocious at this game but at the rare occasion my K/D goes 2+ i try to make sure I die enough too
    The games you go 2+ kd is the carrot activision dangles in front of you for the gamea you go 3-18. The never ending treadmill of dopamine. Balanced as all things should be
        Yep, as soon as I notice I'm in one of those games I use a weapon I don't enjoy leveling and unlocking camos for.
SRs are a pain in the ass to fight against but some of my favorite matches were when I tried using an SMG and got pooped on so I had to switch to my LAB and lay down the law
Lol are you me? Finished my RPG last night. One match I got back to back Vtols because the players were just standing there.

The best part is hearing the other team screaming THIS GUY WITH  THE FUCKEN RPG.
So much fun
    I did the rpg-7 in third person, which is much easier tbf but also you can still counter it so many ways lol
If you think the x12 is shitty… that thing has perfect accuracy faster sprint to fire than all guns, no recoil, and you can put out 2-3 shots before your opponent can react. 

Guns ass without attachments tho.
Ho. Lee. Shit. Ty!
Hey the x12 slaps, I think you mean the x13
"Almighty push!"
I go the total opposite route and just make their game less fun instead of trying to beat them at it. Smokes/claymores/shotgun/resupply.

Smoke their line of sight, leave claymores in random places to mess up their flow and make them paranoid about random corners, and then just blast them away while they scramble to adapt. It's almost like quick scope sweat kids are so focused on that type of play that they have no idea what to do when it stops being an option.
    What is it with people being afraid of thermal scopes in this game? I watch kill cams and all I see is iron sights or default scopes for snipers and marksman rifles. They legit become useless as soon as I put up a smoke wall with the drone and launch a few smoke grenades.
Score absolutely plays a part in the algorithm. My last 10 games or so have been strictly tdm. The 3 most recent ones were against people I could actually beat.
My buddy and I are hard on PTFO.  After dragging our team to about 6 victories we found ourselves in a death lobby.  It wasn't even just skill, it was connection. I'd get popped by 3 shots but on my side it was *peek* **DIE**.
It almost has to be either an intentional priority thing with sbmm (sbmm over connection), overloaded servers (after opening surge dies down it gets better) or a combo of both. Either way it's horrible. So frustrating to watch a kill cam of a guy no sweatier than me just dog walking me bc on his screen I'm just standing there. I actually don't mind sweats, I make fun of them in lobbies but that's bc it's cod and you're supposed to do that, but if you're better than me I'm quietly taking notes on how I can be better. Which is why I liked the old days of connection over sbmm, sometimes you get to have fun and screw a lobby and other times you're getting taken for a walk and trying to learn how to be that sweaty. But rarely getting shit on only bc you're more than 1/10 sec behind them.
My brain doesn't get pleasure from gambling so probably why I haven't bought a cod since cold war which I only bought for zombies.

I haven't bought a cod for multiplayer since  blops 2.
I have a feeling the devs are getting fucking dog walked in their own sbmm algorithms. And the probably they don't see the issue because their so low in the sbmm barrel they don't even have a chance to feel the pain that I'm feeling.
You think everyone at the Louisville Slugger factory is Hank Aaron?
He just made that up you basket case
    You think they’re good that means?
        No idea you lunatic
            Damn someone’s pissed. Hope everything good at home lil bro 🤞🏼
                You’re not well
                    Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
                        ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
Do they have a separate ranked mode yet?
    They do not, hence why when Ranked mode comes out and Warzone we'll see a return back to casual multiplayer.

That's the issue, the entire playerbase is focused into one playlist.
        So all the nuke hunters will be playing with each other and the average player will be in a lobby with other average players? The average players would have incentive to stay in ranked and ride the smaller waves than get absolutely dunked on in a non sbmm casual.
Get better at beating yourself and you get places in lobbies with better yous.
    'get better at beating yourself' I'm sorry in my childish brain that made me laugh lol
        Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
Same. When I see all the “TTV” or “YT” names and clan tags I know I’m in trouble.
    Most of those TTV people are trash to be honest. I encounter them all the time in my games and they are never anywhere near the top of the boards. People exaggerate a bit too much about YouTubers and Twitch streamers. They don’t become superhuman just because they stream.
        Facts. Whenever I play apex and I get a teammate with ttv in theie name they die qnd leave immediately most of the time. I've seen a few people with the tag go off in Mw2 but not many
    Wait until you met the [Phub]…
        The pornstar names are typically pretty average in my experience
            Well, at least they won’t f*ck your mom like the “iTzViruzz”, “pr0MagicZz” or “Hitachi Uchiha” (or any other Naruto related). 

Quite ironic, if you ask me.
            With Lhana Rhodes always being ESPECIALLY mid
                I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
    Or when i see names like this あいり愛梨 😭💀
        GG when these show up 🥲
        Joined a lobby and after a minute realized my teammates weren't speaking English and was like

....Oh No.....OH NO.....
        When you live in East Asia.... That's all I see every game. I can go 0-20 and my next game is even worse. >.>
    I t-bag every last youtuber I play against so their viewers can watch a complete fucking scrub bagging their favorite sweatlord. If this game is gonna punish me for having a good match, you better believe I'm gonna find a way to have fun with it lol.
    Most of them actually suck, it's really fun to shit on them.
Yeah, it feels little it takes 3-4 games of getting absolutely slaughtered before the system returns me to a lobby that fits my actual skill level.
    Same. I reach this level of lobbies that absolutely slaughter me and it takes like 4 matches before I'm placed into a bot lobby. I get 2 or 3 of those and then I'm back to matches where I'm 4-15. 


It just seems like there is no middle ground where I should belong.
        Yup. I get that feeling of there being no middle ground too. Additionally, good K/D between two players doesn't mean they have the same skill level. One person could be good at controlling a zone and being more methodical. The other person may have a good K/D from being a quickscoping beast. 

Just because I'm good at controlling a zone one game doesn't mean I should be matched with a quickscoping God the next game.
            This happened last night.  Got into a lobby where we were able to hold the hard point everytime and eventually got pushed off with 5-10 left.  I was getting defends and assists from just holding.  


Next match "you went 22-7? Here's a bunch of quick scopers and Remington kids who do not miss so you're gonna die after one bullet and go 8-10.  But because we pushed zones STILL got the W.
                Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
                    So much spr abuse.
        Wait, so the lobbies where I’m doing great and feeling absolutely competent are bot lobbies?

Fuck.
            I’ve had a few where I thought I was playing bots. I’m like how can ppl be this bad?
                i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
            No, just a poor choice of words on my part.
            Most likely. It definitely knows who to pair you against for a good match. Typically it’s people with little awareness and bad reaction times. Makes your good matches feel manufactured and rigged. The whole experience is kinda rigged unless you’re in the top 1% who are very high skilled. I just roll with it. I’m in the process of leveling up every gun so Idc about my performance too much anymore as long as I’m still progressing.
        I think instead of trying to find people of relatively similar skill, it tries to find a couple really good people, some mid, and a few scrubs, so everyone has someone they can kill, in theory, but it ends up just being unbalanced af.  I’m just guessing but that’s how it feels sometimes.
        These comments need to be on IW Twitter page so they can see I’m not the only one complaining about SBMM
            Pych101 kids, the game hasn't changed
                Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
Same for me also, one really good game and I am stuck in what feels like optic/faze lobbies for at least the next 5 games.
I dunno if my SBMM has a broken or what but the moment I played two matches it puts me in lobbies with all level 55, gold guns, the works. 

IW needs to chill bruh I'm only like level 14
I went 8 and 79 because I kept drill charging myself because I was fed up with how cracked my lobbies were. Next game I went against a YouTuber who basically kicked my teeth in so hard I quit the game and haven't touched it since 😢
Gotta agree here, went 5-20 trying to get hip fire kills with the Scar and still got lobbies for dolphin diving sweats on Embassy
Doesn't that sound more like random matchmaking than SBMM?
    The TTV boys are reverse boosting to fish for clips against bad players. I suppose that's just MW's version of smurfing.
        I wish I could believe the addition of ranked lobbies will give those assholes something better to do, but I know it won't stop. Pub stomping makes them feel important
Skill issue
    How is it a skill issue if I'm constantly put in lobbies with kids that are playing every match like it's the final round of the CDL Championship
They probably actually slay
We can just do them in shipment next week, though.
That's exactly what's happening. If you keep stomping you will stop playing. If you keep getting stomped you will stop playing. So the matchmaking system feeds you both games in order to keep you playing, and by extension, buying skins and cosmetics.
    Fucking stupid just to make trash players feel better
It’s not it’s SBMM that fucks you
Those are half of my games, not even exaggerating
I get teammates with sub 10 seconds over here.. Craptivision really wants me to carry these guys, and I probably could if they put down the glue they’re eating for a second and PTFO! 💀

P.S. There are hard point matches where we lose by a lot and there’s an idiot with 45+ kills and 5 seconds on the point up on the leaderboard.. GO PLAY TDM YOU DONUT
It actually makes perfect sense. Streamers do want to show off to pull in subs and donations - in ranked, they want to show off their rank (for example, one might watch a Grandmaster Quinn main in LoL just because they're a Grandmaster Quinn main). In casual, they want to show a skill disparity. If casual games are super competitive and it's tough to tell the streamer is doing well, it may not be interesting for viewers since they have no indicator of general skill level present.

The stronger SBMM gets, the closer casual is to tempermental ranked with nothing shiny to show off, which isn't what pulls in subs for them. The absolute best (actual pros) can still post good scores, but the people somewhat above average don't get a visible result for their effort to show off to others.
Quitters suck though. I've had so many games that were close ruined by quitters and somehow the game just struggles to fill that 1 or 2 missing spots.
    [deleted]
    Blame activision.
    I mean yeah if it’s a close fun game I wouldn’t leave
    Really? I feel like 90% of my initial search games are JiP
If you're regularly quitting mid match, perhaps you just don't like the game? You're getting a loss stat either way, may as well at least fuck around in the game rather than looking at the laggy lobby.
    I’m not regularly quitting tho? Probably 1 every 5-6 matches I can tell I’m getting SBMM-fucked with a shit team to carry and I just leave lol, I’m not getting paid to coach bad kids
        Dude, that is regular. Like Jesus that's multiple a day.
            I mean shitty SBMM is nothing new to CoD 😂 this is exactly how you actually maintain enjoyment with the game. 

Play the fair matches, leave the unfair ones. It’s so easy
                Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
                    It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
                    [deleted]
Nah, nor should it. It's casual not ranked.

Ranked should have a leavers queue.
Not how it works. A sweaty player would switch loadout to a meta class just to win. I'm exiting because I'm a filthy casual and want to relax with an M4 and capture some flags.

They want to go into domination, ignore the objectives and get as many chopper gunners as possible.

We are not the same.
I’m not a bot going for camos so yes I play the game to try to win.
Facts lmao. Everyone wants to do the stomping and no one wants to get stomped.
    They think they should always finish in the top 3 on the leaderboard, and if they don’t it’s SBMM’s fault. 

I’ve also noticed that the only people who complain about getting thrown around in crazy lobbies are the ones who talk about manipulating the SBMM algorithm to keep their games easier. Like, no wonder it’s not working well for you, you keep intentionally fucking with it.
That's called sandbagging and it's cute how common it is to find folks proud of it.   


"Yeah man when I go down a few SBMM tiers I stomp"  
Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.
    To be fair, most complaints about SBMM are met with "if you don't want to be sweaty all the time, just stop trying as hard" which is a fancy way to describe sandbagging.

I just can't bring myself to do it, but I've had tons of proponents of SBMM tell me to over the last few years. In the past, when people wanted better scores in casual the solution was to improve. Now, the solution is to trick SBMM, intentionally (sandbag/reverse boost) or unintentionally (get killed on off meta setups and then switch to meta). Even several high end players use geofiltering to keep themselves in the US, because ultimately the game is totally willing to send you to Europe if it thinks that's the only way to push your score back down.
    > Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.


Your logic doesn't work.

You must be by a large margin the best cod player wo talk this planet to stomp "on their own skill level" - and thats because no one is matching your level.

By design you won't stomp in shitty SBMM lobbies, because no matter how much you improve you'll be put against equally skilled people every single game.
        Tell me you don't play at a high level without telling me.
            I don't play this trash game at all, i play actual competitive FPS like cs:go. 

The highest tier of any competitive shooter is filled with the same top% so unless you're the 1% of the 1% you won't constantly stomp.
                You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
                    How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
I suppose, but it seems more balance to me in my circumstances as described.  Yes I score high, but that is objective based.   I'm not absolutely stomping everyone soley on kills, it honestly seems more "skill" matched.  The kill spread is usually fairly even as well.  [Ptfo.]
I don't encounter bunny hoppers, or long corner campers, or quick scopers like when it bumps me up a skill bracket.  It sucks trying to play legit and getting spawn trapped or you can't round a corner without a bullet in the head 6 out of 7 spawns.
Imo higher skilled lobbies are loaded with cancerous players using frustrating techniques that ruin the enjoyment of a match.  /  lower skilled lobbies are more straight forward gun play.  
But again, just my opinion based off my personal observations.  
I appreciate your input.
I tried that, and while the aim assist was ridiculous, I couldn’t revert back to my Halo 1 days of being a game pad FPS player. It’s kbm till I die now.
Although it’s [SBMM] still quite present, it feels different than the last few games. 

[I could just be getting worse at CoD over time]

There was a game the other day (Hardpoint on el Asilo) where it felt like there was only *one* really good player on the other team(the guy that turns into your nemesis for the match, you know?). 

I got several really nice feeds, good amount of time on the OBJ, etc, but at the same time, my team was getting railed. 

I checked the scoreboard, and my “nemesis” was carrying his whole team[of corner campers], and somehow I’m close to the top using just a pistol.

I still lost tremendously for the next 3 matches, but that one was still pretty interesting.
It does not work well 😂😂 at all
This nuke was from me, now it’s from us.
The games you go 2+ kd is the carrot activision dangles in front of you for the gamea you go 3-18. The never ending treadmill of dopamine. Balanced as all things should be
    Yep, as soon as I notice I'm in one of those games I use a weapon I don't enjoy leveling and unlocking camos for.
I did the rpg-7 in third person, which is much easier tbf but also you can still counter it so many ways lol
What is it with people being afraid of thermal scopes in this game? I watch kill cams and all I see is iron sights or default scopes for snipers and marksman rifles. They legit become useless as soon as I put up a smoke wall with the drone and launch a few smoke grenades.
You think they’re good that means?
    No idea you lunatic
        Damn someone’s pissed. Hope everything good at home lil bro 🤞🏼
            You’re not well
                Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
                    ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
They do not, hence why when Ranked mode comes out and Warzone we'll see a return back to casual multiplayer.

That's the issue, the entire playerbase is focused into one playlist.
    So all the nuke hunters will be playing with each other and the average player will be in a lobby with other average players? The average players would have incentive to stay in ranked and ride the smaller waves than get absolutely dunked on in a non sbmm casual.
'get better at beating yourself' I'm sorry in my childish brain that made me laugh lol
    Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
Most of those TTV people are trash to be honest. I encounter them all the time in my games and they are never anywhere near the top of the boards. People exaggerate a bit too much about YouTubers and Twitch streamers. They don’t become superhuman just because they stream.
    Facts. Whenever I play apex and I get a teammate with ttv in theie name they die qnd leave immediately most of the time. I've seen a few people with the tag go off in Mw2 but not many
Wait until you met the [Phub]…
    The pornstar names are typically pretty average in my experience
        Well, at least they won’t f*ck your mom like the “iTzViruzz”, “pr0MagicZz” or “Hitachi Uchiha” (or any other Naruto related). 

Quite ironic, if you ask me.
        With Lhana Rhodes always being ESPECIALLY mid
            I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
Or when i see names like this あいり愛梨 😭💀
    GG when these show up 🥲
    Joined a lobby and after a minute realized my teammates weren't speaking English and was like

....Oh No.....OH NO.....
    When you live in East Asia.... That's all I see every game. I can go 0-20 and my next game is even worse. >.>
I t-bag every last youtuber I play against so their viewers can watch a complete fucking scrub bagging their favorite sweatlord. If this game is gonna punish me for having a good match, you better believe I'm gonna find a way to have fun with it lol.
Most of them actually suck, it's really fun to shit on them.
Same. I reach this level of lobbies that absolutely slaughter me and it takes like 4 matches before I'm placed into a bot lobby. I get 2 or 3 of those and then I'm back to matches where I'm 4-15. 


It just seems like there is no middle ground where I should belong.
    Yup. I get that feeling of there being no middle ground too. Additionally, good K/D between two players doesn't mean they have the same skill level. One person could be good at controlling a zone and being more methodical. The other person may have a good K/D from being a quickscoping beast. 

Just because I'm good at controlling a zone one game doesn't mean I should be matched with a quickscoping God the next game.
        This happened last night.  Got into a lobby where we were able to hold the hard point everytime and eventually got pushed off with 5-10 left.  I was getting defends and assists from just holding.  


Next match "you went 22-7? Here's a bunch of quick scopers and Remington kids who do not miss so you're gonna die after one bullet and go 8-10.  But because we pushed zones STILL got the W.
            Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
                So much spr abuse.
    Wait, so the lobbies where I’m doing great and feeling absolutely competent are bot lobbies?

Fuck.
        I’ve had a few where I thought I was playing bots. I’m like how can ppl be this bad?
            i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
        No, just a poor choice of words on my part.
        Most likely. It definitely knows who to pair you against for a good match. Typically it’s people with little awareness and bad reaction times. Makes your good matches feel manufactured and rigged. The whole experience is kinda rigged unless you’re in the top 1% who are very high skilled. I just roll with it. I’m in the process of leveling up every gun so Idc about my performance too much anymore as long as I’m still progressing.
    I think instead of trying to find people of relatively similar skill, it tries to find a couple really good people, some mid, and a few scrubs, so everyone has someone they can kill, in theory, but it ends up just being unbalanced af.  I’m just guessing but that’s how it feels sometimes.
    These comments need to be on IW Twitter page so they can see I’m not the only one complaining about SBMM
        Pych101 kids, the game hasn't changed
            Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
The TTV boys are reverse boosting to fish for clips against bad players. I suppose that's just MW's version of smurfing.
    I wish I could believe the addition of ranked lobbies will give those assholes something better to do, but I know it won't stop. Pub stomping makes them feel important
How is it a skill issue if I'm constantly put in lobbies with kids that are playing every match like it's the final round of the CDL Championship
Fucking stupid just to make trash players feel better
[deleted]
Blame activision.
I mean yeah if it’s a close fun game I wouldn’t leave
Really? I feel like 90% of my initial search games are JiP
I’m not regularly quitting tho? Probably 1 every 5-6 matches I can tell I’m getting SBMM-fucked with a shit team to carry and I just leave lol, I’m not getting paid to coach bad kids
    Dude, that is regular. Like Jesus that's multiple a day.
        I mean shitty SBMM is nothing new to CoD 😂 this is exactly how you actually maintain enjoyment with the game. 

Play the fair matches, leave the unfair ones. It’s so easy
            Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
                It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
                [deleted]
They think they should always finish in the top 3 on the leaderboard, and if they don’t it’s SBMM’s fault. 

I’ve also noticed that the only people who complain about getting thrown around in crazy lobbies are the ones who talk about manipulating the SBMM algorithm to keep their games easier. Like, no wonder it’s not working well for you, you keep intentionally fucking with it.
To be fair, most complaints about SBMM are met with "if you don't want to be sweaty all the time, just stop trying as hard" which is a fancy way to describe sandbagging.

I just can't bring myself to do it, but I've had tons of proponents of SBMM tell me to over the last few years. In the past, when people wanted better scores in casual the solution was to improve. Now, the solution is to trick SBMM, intentionally (sandbag/reverse boost) or unintentionally (get killed on off meta setups and then switch to meta). Even several high end players use geofiltering to keep themselves in the US, because ultimately the game is totally willing to send you to Europe if it thinks that's the only way to push your score back down.
> Shame you can't stomp in your own skill-tier. Must be real mediocre.


Your logic doesn't work.

You must be by a large margin the best cod player wo talk this planet to stomp "on their own skill level" - and thats because no one is matching your level.

By design you won't stomp in shitty SBMM lobbies, because no matter how much you improve you'll be put against equally skilled people every single game.
    Tell me you don't play at a high level without telling me.
        I don't play this trash game at all, i play actual competitive FPS like cs:go. 

The highest tier of any competitive shooter is filled with the same top% so unless you're the 1% of the 1% you won't constantly stomp.
            You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
                How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
Yep, as soon as I notice I'm in one of those games I use a weapon I don't enjoy leveling and unlocking camos for.
No idea you lunatic
    Damn someone’s pissed. Hope everything good at home lil bro 🤞🏼
        You’re not well
            Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
                ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
So all the nuke hunters will be playing with each other and the average player will be in a lobby with other average players? The average players would have incentive to stay in ranked and ride the smaller waves than get absolutely dunked on in a non sbmm casual.
Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
Facts. Whenever I play apex and I get a teammate with ttv in theie name they die qnd leave immediately most of the time. I've seen a few people with the tag go off in Mw2 but not many
The pornstar names are typically pretty average in my experience
    Well, at least they won’t f*ck your mom like the “iTzViruzz”, “pr0MagicZz” or “Hitachi Uchiha” (or any other Naruto related). 

Quite ironic, if you ask me.
    With Lhana Rhodes always being ESPECIALLY mid
        I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
GG when these show up 🥲
Joined a lobby and after a minute realized my teammates weren't speaking English and was like

....Oh No.....OH NO.....
When you live in East Asia.... That's all I see every game. I can go 0-20 and my next game is even worse. >.>
Yup. I get that feeling of there being no middle ground too. Additionally, good K/D between two players doesn't mean they have the same skill level. One person could be good at controlling a zone and being more methodical. The other person may have a good K/D from being a quickscoping beast. 

Just because I'm good at controlling a zone one game doesn't mean I should be matched with a quickscoping God the next game.
    This happened last night.  Got into a lobby where we were able to hold the hard point everytime and eventually got pushed off with 5-10 left.  I was getting defends and assists from just holding.  


Next match "you went 22-7? Here's a bunch of quick scopers and Remington kids who do not miss so you're gonna die after one bullet and go 8-10.  But because we pushed zones STILL got the W.
        Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
            So much spr abuse.
Wait, so the lobbies where I’m doing great and feeling absolutely competent are bot lobbies?

Fuck.
    I’ve had a few where I thought I was playing bots. I’m like how can ppl be this bad?
        i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
    No, just a poor choice of words on my part.
    Most likely. It definitely knows who to pair you against for a good match. Typically it’s people with little awareness and bad reaction times. Makes your good matches feel manufactured and rigged. The whole experience is kinda rigged unless you’re in the top 1% who are very high skilled. I just roll with it. I’m in the process of leveling up every gun so Idc about my performance too much anymore as long as I’m still progressing.
I think instead of trying to find people of relatively similar skill, it tries to find a couple really good people, some mid, and a few scrubs, so everyone has someone they can kill, in theory, but it ends up just being unbalanced af.  I’m just guessing but that’s how it feels sometimes.
These comments need to be on IW Twitter page so they can see I’m not the only one complaining about SBMM
    Pych101 kids, the game hasn't changed
        Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
I wish I could believe the addition of ranked lobbies will give those assholes something better to do, but I know it won't stop. Pub stomping makes them feel important
Dude, that is regular. Like Jesus that's multiple a day.
    I mean shitty SBMM is nothing new to CoD 😂 this is exactly how you actually maintain enjoyment with the game. 

Play the fair matches, leave the unfair ones. It’s so easy
        Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
            It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
            [deleted]
Tell me you don't play at a high level without telling me.
    I don't play this trash game at all, i play actual competitive FPS like cs:go. 

The highest tier of any competitive shooter is filled with the same top% so unless you're the 1% of the 1% you won't constantly stomp.
        You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
            How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
Damn someone’s pissed. Hope everything good at home lil bro 🤞🏼
    You’re not well
        Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
            ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
Well, at least they won’t f*ck your mom like the “iTzViruzz”, “pr0MagicZz” or “Hitachi Uchiha” (or any other Naruto related). 

Quite ironic, if you ask me.
With Lhana Rhodes always being ESPECIALLY mid
    I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
This happened last night.  Got into a lobby where we were able to hold the hard point everytime and eventually got pushed off with 5-10 left.  I was getting defends and assists from just holding.  


Next match "you went 22-7? Here's a bunch of quick scopers and Remington kids who do not miss so you're gonna die after one bullet and go 8-10.  But because we pushed zones STILL got the W.
    Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
        So much spr abuse.
I’ve had a few where I thought I was playing bots. I’m like how can ppl be this bad?
    i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
No, just a poor choice of words on my part.
Most likely. It definitely knows who to pair you against for a good match. Typically it’s people with little awareness and bad reaction times. Makes your good matches feel manufactured and rigged. The whole experience is kinda rigged unless you’re in the top 1% who are very high skilled. I just roll with it. I’m in the process of leveling up every gun so Idc about my performance too much anymore as long as I’m still progressing.
Pych101 kids, the game hasn't changed
    Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
I mean shitty SBMM is nothing new to CoD 😂 this is exactly how you actually maintain enjoyment with the game. 

Play the fair matches, leave the unfair ones. It’s so easy
    Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
        It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
        [deleted]
I don't play this trash game at all, i play actual competitive FPS like cs:go. 

The highest tier of any competitive shooter is filled with the same top% so unless you're the 1% of the 1% you won't constantly stomp.
    You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
        How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
You’re not well
    Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
        ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
I thought I was the only one who’d run into that lol
Dawg I went 11-7 in tdm and the next match of dom the quickscope gods wouldn't even let us look in their direction. Went 8-29 with like 5 captures thanks to smoke
    So much spr abuse.
i definitely got an actual bot lobby the other day it allowed me to finally gold my LA-b hate that sniper.
Yea it has changed for the worse... SBMM never existed in the OG MW2 you just played and if there was some 10 prestige level 70 Mfs playing u just stuck it out and played... and maps where great in that game spawns worked right. Weapon balancing made more sense then in this “ MW2” u want me to keep going ???? Oh and they didn’t pander to fortnite campers back in the day like they do now
Personally I maintain enjoyment by ending the session if I'm not having fun rather than quitting and jumping back in hoping to abuse the game to only have matches I'm winning.


If you're quitting multiple times a day, take a break. Play something else. Watch TV or eat something. If you feel the urge to quit a match, just stop playing for a bit rather than match hopping.
    It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
    [deleted]
You are on a MW2 board but you don't play and want to exchange words?  


This is not CS:GO, goodbye.
    How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
Take care of yourself 🙏🏼
    ☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
So much spr abuse.
It is so weird that you’re upset about how I enjoy my game 😂 

You sound terrified a good player is gonna sneak past that SBMM safety blanket and get into your game…
[deleted]
How am i not exchanging words, are you challenged in some way or another? 

You're literally out here replying with short trolls and now you think i shouldn't be here, you're cute. 

> This is not CS:GO, goodbye.

I'm aware, COD is way too lowskill to even be put in the same league (esp MW22). 

COD is an arcade casual shooter whereas cs:go is a competitive FPS.
☝️Y'all seeing this? 🤣
