[[cyan very smart]]





I prefer not being the imposter.  Life as a crewmate is less stressful and you get to play detective.  Well, when you're not stuck with a bunch of idiots who all vote immediately when someone is accused of being "sus".
    I like playing crewmate because I find it more stressful. Everytime you open an electrical panel there's the stress of not seeing it if someone comes to kill you. It's like the lowest stakes horror movie, I love it.
        The worst is when you wait to see 3 people before starting download in electrical but everyone leaves you except the imposter and then the imposter executes your sorry ass and nobody comes back to check on your decaying body until a solid minute later because no one really missed seeing you around the ship ...
            If you leave two people at electrical, you always double back to check on them
                This! I always do this. It’s usually how I catch people.
                    Same goes for nav.

Great one on Polus is to check on whoever’s left behind at start. Pretty much no-one comes back up top so it’s often regarded as a safe place to kill.

And I always check up on the other o2/reactor. 
We were down to 5 yesterday, I did left reactor with the imp that killed me on it. The other 3 were to the right. Next reactor emergency they found me and blamed the guy that found me. If only they had checked before, or even just considered the possibility that I had been there since the last emergency, it would’ve been an easy win but instead we ended up losing.
                    And then you see u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was not the imposter...
                        
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was An Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
        [deleted]
            The first point is pretty significant though lol... I wanna keep influencing people
            Dead chat is a million times much more fun.
                Ikr watching the monkey brains sus the wrong people while every ghost is laughing is great
            Thats my problem tho not being able to fix sabotages you know how many times ive won like 1 min into the game just by sabotaging reactor snd no one cares i usually have killed ttwo people by that tike no one cares about reactor so i wish when im crewmate and im dead i could fix it
        That's why you always go to electrical first. Almost nobody goes there right away. I live longer since I do that
            I usually hit admin first, then electrical (ofc assuming i have tasks in both rooms).
    It is kinda fun playing an NPC on a ship in a horror story. 

Plus, you're going to be crewmate the majority of your matches. If you don't like being crewmate, then you just don't like the game.
    I like being impostor but it doesn't stop my heart going a mile a minute every time it happens
    Jesus fuck, yes. I hate playing with people who immediately run to the emergency meeting button and accuse someone.
        "who we voting?" pisses me off for that reason. asking that question first thing proves you don't know how this game should be played.
            i mean, "who we voting" is something the impostor would say if no one is accusing him/her.
    An idiot imposter once said that he was on vitals and saw blue die. We were in the Skeld. We were all facepalming but Cyan actually believed him.
        Meanwhile I'm the idiot crewmate who says "why didn't you just report the body instead of press the button?"

On Polus, where you can see the vitals.
        I was imposter one time. Killed in front of four people. Literally said in chat “alright I’m just going to head out” as a joke. Then someone blamed another person and everyone agreed so I went “and by that I mean I’m going to head out and vote for cyan” I lasted three more meetings lmao.
    I find it so annoying when people leave the game just because they were killed. Help the rest of us complete tasks, you jerks!!
        They get instantly completed after leaving.
        Actually if they leave their tasks are removed, so if there were 6 blocks for tasks on the task bar and 2 people leave, they go down to 4 blocks. If anything they make it easier to tell who has tasks left when they leave. Fewer loose ends.
        Well... If you vented my innocent ass... Nah.
        When these dead crewmates leave their task progress is also lost
    I like being the impostor because I like finding creative ways to kill people with door closes and vent spots and strategic prioritization and sabotaging. It feels great to win against an entire competent team.
    I try not to, but I tend to leave if im imposter. Its just soooooooo stressful.
        Don't play at all if you're gonna do that please
            i like playing the game but my heart almost gives out when i see that i'm impostor. doesn't mean that i have to stop playing at all now does it
                Just try playing as imposter, take it slow maybe watch some videos by someone who is good as imposter such as disguised toast (you can choose anyone you want this is just a pointer) and just try it because leaving as imposter in a two imposter game makes it almost impossible for the second imposter
                You can be nervous. Just remember it's a multiplayer game and you're spoiling it for others if you quit as an imposter. If you can't handle the stress, then yes, you probably should give up the game
        You don't get better if you don't try. Don't feel rushed, take it slow.
        What? Playing imposter is fun!
As a cyan main who doesn’t leave lobbies I appreciated this post lol

Tbh I’ve found if you stay in the same lobby even with people constantly leaving slowly you’ll get enough people who are decent that you don’t have to worry about that anymore. The first few rounds usually suck though XD
    I’m a cyan main, if not pink then lime

Never abandon a game even tho it’s the 20th time in a row you’ve been crewmate, it’s a really annoying move and ruins the game for everyone
        Exactly! 
Today I played in a lobby for a couple hours (ended up becoming host super early on and made the settings to my liking so I stayed put) and was crew mate for most of it, but the few times I was imposter I won because the people who’d been playing for awhile trusted me lol. 

Plus honestly crew mate isn’t that bad if you pay attention. It’s really fun to deduce who the imposter is from just watching people behave rather then waiting for someone to slip up and vent, kill in front of another, or “act sus.” Being a good crew mate made me a better imposter too since Ik what they’ll be looking for and it’s make the few games you get as an imposter more satisfying.
            Like if you are crewmate you can learn stuff from imposter wins, I learnt about how to sabotage well based off other imposters, I get that it can be a little frustrating to be crewmate every time but if you leave every time you get imposter you’re more sus when you stay
                Yea! I learnt how to avoid cameras while being a crew mate - comes in handy as an imposter. Running through all the tasks as a crew mate also taught me which ones I should be faking and which I should avoid. 

I’ve had some really fun games as a crew mate too. Today I spent an entire game acting as a bodyguard for another crew mate who camped cams - imposters had a real challenge but it was a good laugh in the lobby after.
                    Being impostor makes you a better crewmate.

Being crewmate makes you a better impostor.

It's essentially all about knowing your enemy.
                        woah there Sun Tzu it's just a party game
                            Red sus
                                Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
                                    You're colorblind
                            I actually just finished Sun Tzu's the art of war, and I'm like 80 percent sure there's something like that in there.
                                Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
                        I would upvote but you’re at 69 rn and I don’t want to ruin it
                            Nice
                    It’s fun to team up with someone like that.  Then when you wind up being the imposter it’s hard to turn on your boy.
                    And please, if you're faking tasks, don't stand at the gas and then run the complete opposite direction. I spotted someone do that and they lost lol
                    All of us be Cyan
                Yeah. I was too anxious to kill as an impostor, until I played a while as a crewmate and realized just *how much* lights help. You don't know where anyone is, it's easy to lose track of people even if you try to stay together... it has become my favorite sabotage.
                    Then kill in electrical.

Muahahaha
                        I just recently did my first stack kill near the lights! People accused each other *so hard*, nobody even remembered about me or my partner.
                            Electrical is legit the best place for kills. Either stack kill at lights or behind the lights by vent when you sabotage lights and 2 people are there so the other guy gets accused when someone else finds the body
                                Am electrician; can confirm.
                            Yeah yesterday I learnt about stack killing and between yesterday and today I’ve pulled off about 20 stack kills by lights.
                                What's stack killing?
                                    when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
                            admin swipe stack is fantastic for that.

especially if most people have a task in electric because then EVERYONE accuses everyone
                            Damn I guess I gotta do it


You’re
                                I'm what?
                                    Sus!!
                            i find comms sabotage to be better for stacks since it takes much longer to fix than lights and everyone ends up going there
                                I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
                            How does stack killing work?
                                You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
            You know which Imps are the funniest to me? 
The ones who kill in front of you. As if you won't report their corpse i mean honestly. Or when a orange Imp got out of a vent when i did samples in medbay and thought i didn't see that. I got to the button called everyone and orange was out. 
Should've killed me while they had the chance. What is your guys funny Impostor story?
                I was playing with someone who I play with a lot so this was out of the ordinary for them but still pretty funny. Walked into electrical as he killed someone and was running to vents. I immediately reported and said what I saw. He was like “no it was piglet - she killed and then vented” and I was like “how would I report the body if I vented.” 

I want to say that people caught that obvious lie... but the lobby was real dumb. Guess who got ejected. 

Today someone vented in reactor and I saw. The two other people somehow didn’t see so they may have gotten away with it, but then they vented into upper engine right in front of someone else.  We called a meeting and they immediately gave in, poor dude tried to sabotage but the vent got in the way lmao
                    Another good story was actually me as imposter. I walked into electrical and there was two people and the other imposter. Clear opportunity for a double kill... if not for the fact I just killed someone. Of course the other imposter didn’t know that so they went for it. I was running back and forth waiting for my kill cool down to finish so I could kill the other dude before he reported. Guy must have been blind as a bat because he literally switched tasks and didn’t notice the dead body right below his feet. Was not a smooth kill but we won lmaooooo
                        Something similar happened to me. My partner killed and I had around 20s left in cool down. So I reported and both of us impostors hard accused the guy whom I was supposed to kill. It was immediately obvious as he got ejected who the real impostors were but we just needed one more kill after this to win so that wasn't much if a problem.
                Yellow killed someone in navigation and when I went to report I didn't see the body. So I  was searching for the body when all of a sudden Red entered and I decided to report ASAP and Red was like - "Care to explain yourself" and I got kicked out.

Another one was Lime who was with a group and as soon as the group left, he killed and vent and I saw and reported and the group kicked me out as they believed Lime was with them.

Another was when I was the impostor and it was 1 vs 3 and I went for a stack kill when all of us were in security. So Red was sure it was me no matter how much I pleaded and I knew my game was up. So I voted Red and thought that's it, but to my surprise, his crew-mate Brown also voted Red and Red got ejected and I won the game.
                Once I vented into a room to get a kill only to realize that kill was still on cool down. I chased them to the emergency button, but that was apparently also on cool down, so we were just running in circles around the table. Another player joined the circle, I guess thinking it was for fun. I killed him, then self reported and blamed the original player. Ended up skipping, but the panic of the one I was chasing in the voice chat was hilarious.
                    this is AMAZING lol
                    Were you purple as the impostor?
                        I don’t remember unfortunately. Maybe?
                One time I was going to peek at the cameras for 5 seconds then leave, until I saw 2 guys enter navigations. I decided to stay on the cameras and only one of them left the room, so I investigate and found the other guy dead. Guess who was the Impostor
                    Surprised they didn't vent.
                        if the guy did vent i’d still investigate since nobody leaves and find the other guy’s body
                My story is from yesterday, I was playing a game with randoms and got imp, okay, cool, me and the other imp went to electrical and I decided to vent because of how absolutely big brained I am, there we're like two people in electrical so we did a double kill, oh no someone was stacked, run away through vents quickly, body found, okay, the person who saw e v e r y t h i n g said cyan (it was red and me, as black) me and the other imp went along with it, cool, then I pretended to do samples and someone called an emergency meeting, usual "?" Before hearing their reason "black fake scanned!!" I replied "What? No, I did samples!" To which everyone ganged up on me saying stuff like "you did it so quickly tho" and "you c a n ' t walk away from samples and you did it so quickly!" and i got ejected for that, not killing infront of someone who didn't even report the body right next to them and blamed someone who was completely innocent, ended up losing because red was caught venting, randoms are fun, stayed a few more rounds until everyone else left
                    I once got accused of being sus because I was standing on a vent for awhile. I was downloading data in weapons.

I told them there was a task there and they were like "sure there is". I don't know how I didn't get ejected
                Myself. I am a terrible impostor. Vented out right in front of 3 people that I didn't see and at the voting sesh I just said "well fuck".
            Interesting! Thanks for the tip.
            rather than*
            Yea I get crewmate so much that I know every single task and approximately how long it takes to do them. This makes me so much less sus as imposter
            My killing strategy as imposter if someone is on cams is go into medbay, vent to electrical, kill someone, vent back and exit medbay, then go chill in security with that guy
            Literally half the fun of the game is making stealthy kills and the investigation. That's why I dislike the whole discord cheating stuff. It literally takes away the fun. 

Would be nice if we had a report system for users regardless their name, so if someone's an asshole (joins lobbies to spam, cheats via discord or hacks the game), they can be avoided.
            It really is, not only does it make you feel smart, but if you outright catch an imp in action, something about it just feels sooo good.
        I love the thrill of being impostor but I don't mind the thrill of wondering if that player that just came across you is the impostor and about to kill you.
        You know, i always thought when i was not impostor the first few times i played like let's say 20, i would become evantually and i did some time, sucked at it, waited to be impostor again and got better. That's how i got good at killing in AMONG US. You're really just a crying twat if you leave over that. Being Crewmate all the time is fun too and i love weapons destroying asteroids and medbay samples.

So point is, we all know these annoying dipshats and we just enjoy playing with what we have.

What is your favourite task to do or your favourite strategy to kill someone?
            My fav/least fav task is keycard. I hate the actual task and never want to have it but I like going to admin at the start of the game when crew doesn't have it and watching to see any new players who are faking as imposter, unaware that its a shared task. I've caught a few imposters that way lol
                That's nice
        Totally! Over the past three days of playing among us I hadn’t gotten Imposter a single time (it was kinda unbelievable). Besides when I had to log off, I never left in the middle of a game. Finally, after literally 3 days of playing, I finally got imposter. The second that the game started, five people left, and the round pretty much auto ended. I haven’t gotten imposter since.
            So sorry to hear that........... I’m really happy you didn’t leave when you weren’t imposter bc it does ruin the game for everyone including the imposter 

Some games everyone just leaves and you don’t even get the kill or do much at all..... which maybe an easy win, but it’s really boring and doesn’t help you or anyone
        >even tho it’s the 20th time in a row you’ve been crewmate

Had that happen last night and it was infuriating, especially seeing this one guy be the imposter 5 rounds in a row. But finally got one imposter round just before bed which was nice
        Just wanted to add - pink is my backup colour too!
            Cyan/Lime/Green for me. The only annoying bit is “which blue” or “which green”? Like, if it’s blue, it’s not cyan, and if it’s lime, I wouldn’t be saying green.
        [deleted]
        You sound suss
        Being a crewmate is more fun than imposter a lot of times.
        it’s been four days since i’ve been impostor 😂
        I’m also a cyan main and I just have to say that seeing this game get so popular that players are referring to themselves as “(insert fav color here) main” despite the colors not affecting the gameplay at all brings me so much joy
        Unpopular opinion: I like being the crewmate since it gives me the freedom to deduce. Plenty of people ruin this experience for me tho with their barbaric behavior.
            Same! So annoying when someone is like “vote orange it’s orange!” “why?” “Just trust me” and then everyone votes - either for them or the person they blaming - and neither are imposter.
                So accurate!
                    I think the people who are super dedicated to that though are funny. Like they accuse lime at the start and we ignore them then next round lime is dead and they still accusing lime. I just keep ignoring them but it is funny.
                        Not gatekeeping or anything, but I remember how the game was much fun like 6-7 months ago before the surge. Even OG players from the release date would probably say the same. A considerable amount of new players managed to ruin the fun for everyone. I remember when I started playing I was a total noob. However, I gradually learned the proper way of playing the game, but some new players don't even try. They spam, troll, and cheat thinking it's fun. VOTE LIME.
                            Yea that’s the downside of a game getting popular - good news is there are still new players who aren’t like that, such as myself who only joined a month or so ago
                                Welcome aboard. Have fun!
    I play as cyan too. I find that after 2-3 rounds I end up as host for the lobby then I can optimize settings away from 15 sec discussion time and limit emergency meetings.
        That happened to me today! Became host real early and got my perfect settings lol. It was really fun - two times I got called a good host and I was just like “maybe I should host more often.” Usually the lobbies die and I have to leave or a I join a lobby where a few good players have joined and one of them is the host.
        i accidentally set the walkspeed to 0.5 and then everyone left :(
    Thanks you for this post. I to, am a Cyan main.
    Literally what I would have said
    “Cyan main”?? People are maining colours now? Good lord.
        It's almost like having microscopically customizable characters would make people want to choose the same aesthetic when possible
        Dark Green main here
            Purple main, reporting for duty!
                Purple faked task, vote purple
                    I saw Green walk into medbay and didn't walk out; hella sus.
            Me too! We are chill af and people tend to trust us.
            Red and blue main here
                That's sus
                    Pain
    i am also a cyan main but i have horns
    As a red main (the name "Red Lied" has a better ring to it), trueeee. Without mics pub lobbies are the embodiment of chaotic neutral.
    FACTS!
    I am also cyan main, part black main.
    Cyan main. That is powerful message.
    Yeah I ran into that last night, a group of like 7 of us stuck together for ~15 rounds
    Yes exactly. I often host lobbies and more and more people stick around each round until I’ve essentially gathered an entire lobby of loyal players
    Another cyan main this post is perfect in fact I hate being impostor so much stress
    I am indeed a cyan main as well I agree with post too
    Ah, natural selection. What a nice concept
    yeah all fun in game until you get banned for lying *as the fucking imposter*
    As a fellow cyan main, I can relate to this
    Same!! It's actually pretty fun to play as the crewmate sometimes... And people need to understand, the Imposter needs crewmates to kill and actually win with, help out the Imposter of your round if you aren't already one
    Everything in the post is absolutely relatable...
    Cyan main here too, I completely agree!
    i cant play as cyan/white because im colorblind. (and looking at the cameras when red/green/brown or blue/purple kills is a nightmare)
    as i cyan main this makes me go yes
    Yeah this totally. 

I only play with randoms, and the first few games can be
“Blue sus”

“Ok”

But if you persist and advise caution you will eventually accumulate good players, when they see that you are being a good player.

For me it’s fun trying to be persuasive in as few short sentences as possible

I’ve been playing 2 imposters, Skeld, confirm off but viz tasks on, and once you have good crew you can usually complete tasks, call a meeting and ask who has tasks, (offer to do viz task which you save till last) then all stick together to finish and win on tasks. 

I’ve had imposters just give up because they realise they can’t win if the crew are good.

And then you just act the same way when imposter and offer to escort, sabotage lights and pick off players!

I need to move to the other maps now I think.

I play as a lemon called “ThEtHiNg” in homage to the classic imposter like film.
    I just get mad when people leave on my when their not the impostor.
    I'm making a discord server with non-asshole players that I meet in lobbys so we can have some fun together
    Im a purple main, if not then green, if not then blue, if they're all taken i take what i can get
    Hello fello cyan main
        Lime is my secondary
    Just wanna say thanks to guys “carrot” (orange) and “coco pop” (brown)-had several good games with them this morning. (I’m in UK but play on NA servers, the idea being its the middle of the night in US so I seem to get more dedicated crew mates in the morning!)

I was yellow/lime “ThEtHiNg”

I’m 44 years old, my kids got me into this game but I have surpassed them lol
    This might be a stupid question, but does a game have multiple rounds? I was just leaving when the game ended or I was killed.
    Same!
    It's fun when you stay with the same group for a bit. You start to notice their habits and it makes it more fun to try to figure them out and/or trick them. Plus you get funny interactions like one I saw yesterday:

Blue: It's Pink!

Pink: No! I was imposter last game.

Green: Oh, so you've killed before!!!
        Yea! You can almost form inside jokes with people you've never met before. Yesterday I was playing with a red who would camp cams. Me and the other two guys who were playing for a while just accepted that he didn't talk unless he saw something on cams. It was was a running theme that he was a body in security so I became his bodyguard and just stood outside the door protecting him.
            Lol that's adorable.
    Im a cyan main as well that really just tries to be the best sport I can and I really appreciate this post. Thank you.
    I can relate to this comment here
    Good man
But cyan is kinda sus
    i saw him vent...
        Let's vote cyan
            ***cyan was not the impoctor***
                im*pog*tor?
                    Importer?
                        Impotter?
                            Yerr a wizard Harry
                                "Ur kinda sus Harry"
                                    Dumbledore said, calmly
                            Harry Potter?
                                Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
                . 　　　。　　　　•　    　ﾟ　　。 　　.

　　　.　　　  　　.　　　　　。　　   。　.  　

.　　      。　　　　　 ඞ   。   . 　　 • 　　　　•

　　ﾟ　　 cyan was not the Impostor.　 。　.

　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
                    I know I'm not Impostor. That's been 35 games that I'm not impostor
                Wait he was not the impostor?

*Always has been*
                    *never has been
                    🌎👩‍🚀🔫👩‍🚀
            How do I vent like cyan?
            Red was not the Impostor
        Legit one game when I was an impostor I said that I was cleaning the vents and nobody sused me, I ended up winning and after the game one guy mentioned that I gave myself away and nobody took it seriously lol
    Self report?
        Saying that was my only option in a game where I was the impostor. It was down to me, white, orange, and green. Green reported. Orange and white vouched for each other.

Me: It's a risky move but the only one I have. 
>Self report?

Green was ejected. Then I just had to wait for my cooldown to finish and killed white right in front of orange, winning the game.
why thank you

i main cyan lol
    Same, it goes with my Zissou hat (red beanie) and name.
Cyan is a decent human being
    indeed!
    agreed.
    This message is sponsored by cyan
        I don't remember I've ever sponsored this message
    Maybe that’s what cyan wants you to believe, CYAN IS THE IMPOSTER!!!
I main cyan for a reason :D
    Because it is our favorite color?
        eeexactly
    I'm main cyan too, because of *yes*.
Cyan for president.
Most importantly, cyan doesn’t expose the imposter when he is in voice chat
    i was once an imposter in a random lobby and killed someone. One meeting later and yellow said it was me because it was his brother i killed. I know this is irrelevant to cyan, but still. It's cheating!
        That’s so unfair
Wish there was something that meant if you quit super early your chances of being the imposter went down
    True, but that would just make the quitouts increase if the mechanic was never shown outright. More like, there should be a time punish, like wait this amount of time such as a minute or so after quitting out
        This. Give him a 5 minute ban on joining another game.
            Or an unskipable 1minute ad.
                Sure, but the user could just restart the game, I doubt that they could detect that and play another ad.
        I like it but i dont like being randomly dced from time to time and I'd hate to be punished for that. I guess there'd be a way to determine the legit dcs from the fake ones though
            Just make it a very small lockout, like 30 seconds to a minute. Not enough to punish a legit DC (you'd probably be done with your internet problems in that time and if you reconnected you wouldn't miss much), but enough to annoy someone that is constantly leaving to try to get imposter.
Only problem joining randoms is you might not even be cyan, I've started using lime as my back up.
    Truuuuuu. My backup is pink - matches my flamingo floaty
        my backup is yellow
    My backup is yellow, then purple or blue
    Dude, it's always lime.
Finally a smart cyan. Haven't seen one for ages
    ye pretty rare these days :)
        Almost always I’ll join a lobby and cyan will be taken but by the next round it’s available again. Sucks that they leave but hey I get my colour now lol
    Disguised Toast
I'm mostly black in the game, but I'm not too far from this because I'm mostly crewmen and I don't mind it at all 👍👍👍
I am a Cyan. I'm good. But I keep getting called Light Blue.

Cyan doesn't like being called Light Blue.
    Do players usually get the same color each round or something?
        If you choose to do so... Yeah. Just create a public lobby after choosing your color and stay in the same lobby till you play, or join a lobby with < 3 dudes to get a high chance of being able to select your color...
    Cyan also doesn't like being called teal
But does cyan leave if he gets ejected even if he's crewmate?
    Not this cyan, I’ve got tasks to do ;)
        Same :) I like to watch people figure it out too.
        I stay even if my tasks are done to talk to the other ghosts and find the imposters
        You are a good crewmate, thank you
    I'm cyan. I only leave if someone's hacking and ruining the game. Not able to vote at meetings etc.
    [deleted]
idk OP seems kinda sus
    That's the nature of cyan players
        You talking about cyan being sus
If you say teal you're getting voted out though
    How did you get your cyan tag?
I am always cyan and I don't leave the game even if I am not imposter or got killed first. I am surprised you posted this.Thanks
And then you end up playing a game with 6 people and 2 imposters
Cyan mains liked that
I literally just won a game with 5 people as crewmate because: 

The instant the round started red left, leaving 4 people with 1 imp

And before the roles had EVEN BEEN REVEALED the imposter left, meaning we won as crew before we even saw the map.

What
    I had one game where the host had the discussion and voting time as like 2 seconds each so there was no time to do anything before you were back in. So they just killed us all and we couldn't do anything about it.
And yet poor Cyan gets eliminated in the first round just for completing tasks and having a meaningful discussion.
As a fellow Cyan user I relate with this .
When I see Cyan I only see Toast
This is brown.

Brown enters games with randoms. 

Brown stays even when not the imposter.

Brown reports bodies when he finds them just to be ejected for it each time.

Brown decides not to report bodies because of this, always gets ejected when someone sees him near the body.

Brown can't win.

Don't be like brown.
And for fuck sakes, don't leave when you get killed!!! The ghost bit is part of the game and you can still help the crew doing tasks. Every single lobby I play, mfs quit when killed
    Your tasks are removed when you leave so it’s as if you completed all your tasks in game if you dip. Also it depends what type of lobby I am playing in whether I’ll leave or not. 

If I am playing in discord with friends, then no I’ll stay and complete my tasks. But if I’m playing in a public lobby full of randoms, then I have no reason to stay. You don’t owe anyone anything in this game and it doesn’t detract from the crew members gaming experience if you leave early.
        Ok, now I didnt know that. Makes me hate quitters a bit less haha, thanks for the info!
            Usually I too like staying on after tasks to yell at the idiot crewmates with fellow ghosts lol
Cyan is sus, be like cyan.
I don't get why people do this, I'd rather be the crewmate than the impostor. Is that just me?
    Me too. Playing imposter is stressful lol
    Not just you, i don't mind playing imp but i definitely prefer crewmate. Mostly because I'm a terrible liar :')
        I just look suspicious even when I'm not impostor and get voted off all the time, so when I am trying to kill people I have no chance.
I hate it when people call it light blue
I actually prefer being crewmate
Cyan doesn't tell to his friend on discord who is the imposter if he get killed. Be like Cyan.
Yes! Be me!
But then again, he's kinda sus
i do task and gaunt impostor when i am ghost,but i never do rage quit
Am I the only one who prefers to be a crew mate? I find it much more satisfying finding out who the imposter is than winning as the imposter.
Il would be like cyan if 2 year olds didnt play the game
I main cyan, thanks for showing people cyans true personality
    *I main cyan, thanks*

*For showing people cyans*

*True personality*

\- minecraftlovinboi

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
"Cyan is smart Cyan. Be like cyan." I dunno why i read it like that
Only leave the game when you have to- or if your internet cuts out. Those are the only two acceptable times you may leave early.
Honestly, I would rather deal with randoms leaving instead of dealing with players talking to each other throughout the game
i was imposter 5 times in a row so i just started venting for everyone to see so they got a chance to be it instead of me but each time it would pick me , i hope that’s not bad of me i just wanted some others to have fun being imposter for once :)
The people who leave the game are the same people who refuse to play hide and seek when they had to be seeker
    Ugh YES why is this so true!!
I just... need better chat. It’s so bad on mobile when I play with randoms, esp. if they don’t even speak English in a English game...
⊂((・▽・))⊃
    Ah i see your a man of Culture
        uwu
    Agreed :)
        Same
            Wwait...what ars u doin here...u play au 2?
                Yes
Heyy, im cyan
Red is the new dick in my book, red was my fellow imposter twice today both times they called me out and got me ejected for no reason. This game is beginning to be less fun.
    We just have to ride out the storm mate. The streamers want all these new additions like custom maps which is so stupid, it’s going to turn out like fortnite if the devs listen because they won’t listen to the fans,only the creators, then you give it a couple months and all the creators that wanted the additions to the game will leave it and the fans that had no say in it are just stuck there with wasted content. I really hope the devs listen to the fans and not the creators who just joined 3 weeks ago
Hey

You totally described me
its because cyan is always impostor
But I'm like red
WAR ON CYAN!!
Its called teal /s
He looks so cute lol
Keep on acting sus as hell while doing your tasks fellow cyans
Cyan acting weird.
Cyan sus.
Vote cyan
Those who leave because they didn't get to be imposter should be blacklisted so everytime they play everyone know they are imposter!
Cyan don't tell frainds who killed him on discord
I had a Cyan go to card swipe when the game started and we didn't even have it as a task lol. Took me 4 whole rounds to convince the crew he's imposter. I got voted off before him. The players that play this game legit boggle my mind.
I'm literally tempted to post the screenshots of the chat in a game I was in last night, It was that bad
I am happy I a. cyan main Cyan is smart everyone should be like cyan
And he also wouldn't leave during a game just because they died either. They would stay towards the end and continues doing ghost tasks.
Vote cyan sus
Cyan intelgent
    Very
It isn't smart, it's common sense
Same but i am blue now shame i played a Hide and seek match and when i wanted to Kill game disconected
The other thing I hate is when we’re in the lobby and people leave because it’s taking too long
Cyan is sus tho
Cyan sus tho
Thanks Cyan, very cool
Yeah but cyan is talking irl with brown.....
    That is the only thing that actually makes me mad in the game. I can enjoy watching the dumpster fire of getting voted off for no reason, people pretending to be the imposter, getting ignored when you have good reasoning on who is/isn't the imposter, etc.
I played with some random people, and from the very start i was actually enjoying playing with them cuz of how they play. Like if they're gonna fibd the impostor they don't simply say "red sus vote him" instead they really gonna find proof or evidence that they're the impostor.
    Yeah, I had a game like that for a couple of hours last night. We had a whole plan to confirm crewmates and then split into pairs. We had a long winning streak until they had to sleep.
Cyan sus
We can always find a place in the soul for cyan
Thank you Cyan
Little did you know I’m always Cyan
Hahahah jokes on you I'm am already cyan
Im a cyan user and its so fun catching the impostor a lot
In my experience, that statement fits cyan the least.
Anyone else not have any idea what cyan was untill they started playing this game
- joins three imposter lobby
- game starting
- gets crewmate

DEFEAT
Cyan sus
I am just like him, except not smart
Cyan main lol
Agreed
I main cyan for two reasons

1. It’s my favorite color

2. They’re known for their venting skills
This is more like white
maybe I am cyan
I’m a purple main and I act like cyan always 

Except when I’m disconnected 

Also which servers are the best ?
Crewmates will think it’s cyan anyway
Why is cyan always imposter in my games, i am a white main
I am like cyan
Cyan is the impostor
Cyan is my main color and my favourite color. Also a color I use in coloring bases for when i need characters
Im cyan
Claps claps claps
Cyan sus.
I prefer to be crewmate anyways hahah
It's TEAAAAAL
Some people don't leave they just get disconnected
Hey that’s me
He's also kinda sus tho
i pick brown because it fits my name well which is jaybear on among us
Cyan here, another part of being cyan is making the perfect cover up for my murders
Awww thanks. I prefer cyan and I don’t like being imposter very much. I sick at it. I still try to be a good one when I get it. But I feel like I cheat people out of a good game because I always get caught pretty fast.
My main color is cyan I do this yay
I remember being one of those people who would leave whenever they were crewmates. That was just newbie me though, stopped trying after realizing that it's pretty much useless anyways
I'm cyan be like me
cyan sus
This describes me
Wait THATS why people leave public games? I normally play with friends and just started playing public yesterday and me and my husband were SO confused.
same
Haha leave go brrrrr
Are you kidding me I love not being an imposter I even hate it when I get to be an imposter
Oh you mean light blue
I cant be like cyan because of the smart part
I main cyan
Cyan is always sus
I’m a blue main but I agree
People were sluring at me cause I found out and won I hope those people drop their phone and break it so they don’t cheat anymore
Nah bitch, If you’re playing with randoms they call that light blue for some reason

Don’t be like light blue

Be like Cyan
I main cyan and I'm happy because people tell me I'm dumb lol
    *I main cyan and*

*I'm happy because people*

*Tell me I'm dumb lol*

\- xCezar

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
cyan is epic
I'm really bad at this game. Every time I'm impostor I don't even know what to do. But I'd never leave out of frustration.
But does cyan cheat using Discord with a friend?
I play cyan and this applies to everything I do in a game
Is blue ok?
I actually prefer crewmate over impostor but I don’t leave games because I’m not crewmate
Am I the only person who prefers crewmate?
Easy answer.  If you leave after a game started then you shouldn’t be able to join another game until that game ends
Cyan also completes his tasks after he died
I prefer being crewmate-
i’ve always found being impostor to be more stressful than being crewmate. impostor has so much more stuff to do, faking tasks is difficult, gotta kill without getting caught, and have an alibi, but when you’re crewmate you just gotta do a thing
I enjoy being a crewmate tbh.
People who immediately leave when they’re no impostor are trash.
I still don't get why people do this. I don't like being imposter, but I still play if I get it.
Every single cyan ive ever saw they just go in a lobby, call an emergency meeting, and say "why is my and {insert name} name red?"
Imposter too stressful. Much rather be boring crew member who plays bodyguard to confirmed bros.
Is that why like 3 people leave right away. The hell people....
aw thanks
Also very suspicious
I main cyan with my two cyan children, I am a single dad hoping to instill the same values onto my mini space crew. Only for them to watch me die a horrible painful death or get voted off first round for no reason what so ever.
Only lobbies worth leaving are the speedy ones. Also, stop putting the speed beyond 1.25x you fucking pancake brains.
Tried to play a match last night with my daughter , 5 people enter the room, 5 people leave the room, rinse and repeat for 20 minutes. Give up.
I played last night for the first time in a week or two. Man, so many people leaving. It's ridiculous!
I played with a guy once who didn't know what cyan was. He was cyan. Every time we accused him of something, he kept saying "Who is cyan???"
Am i the only one who prefers to be crewmate? Imposter stresses me out, i never know whens the right time to make a kill, and if theres another imposter i feel pressured to impress them. I like being crewmate, it feels good to be a detective, and when you witness shit like someone jumping in vents and get to report it you feel so good because youre winning the game for everyone. Maybe im used to liking sheriff in town of salem
    Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors.
I once had a game where someone literally said “blue told me irl that the imposter is white” after blue got killed... 

Another story is when I was black and a white accused me out of no where saying I vented just by saying “I got to o2 way to fast” when I explained I was in shields. Randoms are either dumb as rocks or very easily convinced
I won a round in 4 sec because people left like this
Cyan is a bro, he also kicks people who use discord to cheat
I am a Cyan, and this is exactly how i play
So one time I joined a random lobby and we started with 10 and 5 PEOPLE left at the start. Me and cyan got imposter and only needed one kill to win by the time it took me to walk from cafeteria to go fake swiping the card.
I wish that leaving the game immediately would lower the chance of getting impostor.
You know what’s crazy it’s crazy that on among us being smart is the same as you having average intelligence irl
Cyan gang where you at😎
I like doing tasks they're fun i don't just leave when im not the impostor i stay and do my tasks like a normal person and not some idiot
Instead of banning you for leaving, they should give you a lower chance of getting impostor for a while. The more games you leave, the more the odds are against you.
Fuck people that leave because they aren't the imposter

All my homies hate people that leave because they aren't the imposter
am i the only one around here who likes playing as a crewmate?
Is it weird that I prefer crew? I'm a big fan of trying to piece together who was where and who it could/could not be
Jokes on you I usually prefer being crewmate
Please be like cyan
I swear I was the imp once and immediately won because too many people left the game :(
I prefer imposter but I'm not gonna ruin the fun by leaving
I'm cyan and I approve this message.
I think about doing this sometimes but then that makes me such a hypocrite so I s t a y
I prefer the Aqua class
It irks me when people do this. Just play. Learn from the impostors. From your crew mates. So when you’re the murderous parasitic entity you can get away with it
cyan sus
Cyan is also very sus. \*Toss him out of the airlock\*
ngl i prefer playing crewmate. i get super nervous playing imposter, lol
As a Cyan that constantly deals with lobbies full of trolls, thank you
Also don’t expose your fellow imposter if you are found out early. Dick move.
Fun fact about me, I don't like being impostor. Its not the fact I'm not that good at it, it just feels much more fun discovering bodies, reporting vents, and doing tasks.
. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

　　ﾟ　　 Cyan was An Impostor.　 。　.

　　'　　　 0 Impostor remains 　 　　。

　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
Love you cyan
I got "But what color is cyan?"
I'm guilty of randomly leaving servers, not because I'm not impostor, but because I'm kinda picky about the game settings. That or I'm annoyed because people are trying to ruin the game by being trolls.
Finally an appreciation post for us Cyans
Also be like op and call him cyan like ITS NOT FUCKING LIGHT BLUE WHAT ARE U SAYING
Cyan also doesn’t tell his friend when he dies and who it is on a discord call
I actually kinda like being crewmate!
Cyan sus
As a cyan “main” (or whatever the hell its called) I can confirm this
Hi cyan :)
I only leave a game if something happens that means i have to leave the game, i never leave because im not imposter or because i died, i only leave a lobby if no one speaks english, which playing on Asia servers it happens fairly often (Asia is the best for Australian/New Zealanders)
Holy shit I just realized THAT'S why people kept leaving at the beginning of the game... Jesus christ some people.
Cyan kinda sus tho
As a person who plays as cyan always (unless not available) this makes me happy. I've left a few matches the first few times I've started playing but I've realized how stupid and rude that was.
Dodnt expect  to see you here 



Hi
I am cyan
why is this me tf?
yes
I am cyan but purple
The devs just need to add a consequence for leaving early
I thought I was only the one who notices this type of individual. To be honest, I dislike that kind of behavior, who leave the game just because they're not the impostor and join another lobby in hopes they can become an impostor and leave if they still not one.

I hope in a future update of the game, individuals who leave get penalized for leaving during the start of the game. From minutes, hours, and days would be excellent.

I understand those people too, like who wouldn't want to be an impostor, haha.
cyan gang??
For some reason this always happens to me. At the first 15 rounds I always am the crewmate and after that I be the imposter for 3 times in a row. It’s so strange.
Ca someone do brown?
Also don't leave the game just because everyone sussed you out smh
As a cyan i approve this meme
I'm cyan but everybody calls out light blue :(
As a purple main; i often ask people about their day in lobby, give pretty detailed explanations in meetings and lastly i suck at being an impostor...
Yes I am cyan
Don't forget to mention our favourite players who die and leave the game
yes
‹ඞ <--- this is the plague doctor

He always play with strangers

His favorite role is crewmate

If he got assigned as Impostor, he leaves the game to give the crewmates an easy win

Be like him, if you want to.

"No pressure, play as you'd like to", he said
#cyan sus

This post was made by black main gang
I join with my relatives, but we have rule to not say who it was, or you will be kicked
>This is me.  
>  
>I usually join games with randoms.  
>  
>I don't leave the game if imp not the imposter.  
>  
>I can be smart and stupid.  
>  
>I pay a lot of attention to what each person says.  
>  
>I love sabotaging as a ghost.  
>  
>You don't have to be like me.
Yay i'm cyan
I will be like cyan
I honestly prefer crewmate over imposter, In my group of friends I’m considered the best player so whenever I’m not the first one dead they vote me out, or I get targeted by imposter as crewmate
cyan also does not leave after he dies
Do only i choose cyan colour because it's more friendly and because this colour have cremates team(in text) ?
I had a game where so many people left because they weren't impostor, that the actual impostors (one of which was me) didn't get to do anything because no one was left.
i feel personally called out
A yes Cyan

In the memes it's in both sides:

Completely evil and the good and smart guy

And i know this as a cyan main: they sometimes vote me when i'm just doing task ;-;
I don't like 2 imp games

Too fast
Nice
yes we are big brains
Light blue
Oh! That's why they keep leaving.
Those guys who leave the game because the didnt become imposters are truely low man. Like we are going through hell all day and when we just want to play and enjoy they ruin our fun .Thats so not cool right?
I want to be just like cyan!
And most importantly, after he gets killed, cyan doesn't leave the game and finishes all his tasks.
i just had a good friend on among us that was cyan. then the game disconnected me for no reason. this post kinda made me cry... i miss you blair.
Cyan is sus.
    So sus!
Does cyan use facts and logic yet still get voted off?
cyan is good boy he is smart boy
This actually is my main and this is pretty much how I play
Im a lime main but i am like cyan main
I’m a cyan main
As a person who has cyan as their main color, I approve of this post.
Im CYAN
But isn't being crew more fun tbh? You've gotta be careful sticking alone with anyone, do your tasks, keep an eye out for who's running out of which room. Definitely beats being an impostor for me.
I prefer being a crew mate.
u mean Light Blue?
[deleted]
    [deleted]
Thank you :)
Most Cyans I’ve met leave when they’re being suspected by everyone
PET THE CYAN
You sure Cyan isn’t an imposter?  Sus that you’d say that without proof
 Can i be cyan?
Cyan is fucking sus.
Yeah lol I main cyan but use black when meming wit my friends.
I like playing crewmate because I find it more stressful. Everytime you open an electrical panel there's the stress of not seeing it if someone comes to kill you. It's like the lowest stakes horror movie, I love it.
    The worst is when you wait to see 3 people before starting download in electrical but everyone leaves you except the imposter and then the imposter executes your sorry ass and nobody comes back to check on your decaying body until a solid minute later because no one really missed seeing you around the ship ...
        If you leave two people at electrical, you always double back to check on them
            This! I always do this. It’s usually how I catch people.
                Same goes for nav.

Great one on Polus is to check on whoever’s left behind at start. Pretty much no-one comes back up top so it’s often regarded as a safe place to kill.

And I always check up on the other o2/reactor. 
We were down to 5 yesterday, I did left reactor with the imp that killed me on it. The other 3 were to the right. Next reactor emergency they found me and blamed the guy that found me. If only they had checked before, or even just considered the possibility that I had been there since the last emergency, it would’ve been an easy win but instead we ended up losing.
                And then you see u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was not the imposter...
                    
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was An Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
    [deleted]
        The first point is pretty significant though lol... I wanna keep influencing people
        Dead chat is a million times much more fun.
            Ikr watching the monkey brains sus the wrong people while every ghost is laughing is great
        Thats my problem tho not being able to fix sabotages you know how many times ive won like 1 min into the game just by sabotaging reactor snd no one cares i usually have killed ttwo people by that tike no one cares about reactor so i wish when im crewmate and im dead i could fix it
    That's why you always go to electrical first. Almost nobody goes there right away. I live longer since I do that
        I usually hit admin first, then electrical (ofc assuming i have tasks in both rooms).
It is kinda fun playing an NPC on a ship in a horror story. 

Plus, you're going to be crewmate the majority of your matches. If you don't like being crewmate, then you just don't like the game.
I like being impostor but it doesn't stop my heart going a mile a minute every time it happens
Jesus fuck, yes. I hate playing with people who immediately run to the emergency meeting button and accuse someone.
    "who we voting?" pisses me off for that reason. asking that question first thing proves you don't know how this game should be played.
        i mean, "who we voting" is something the impostor would say if no one is accusing him/her.
An idiot imposter once said that he was on vitals and saw blue die. We were in the Skeld. We were all facepalming but Cyan actually believed him.
    Meanwhile I'm the idiot crewmate who says "why didn't you just report the body instead of press the button?"

On Polus, where you can see the vitals.
    I was imposter one time. Killed in front of four people. Literally said in chat “alright I’m just going to head out” as a joke. Then someone blamed another person and everyone agreed so I went “and by that I mean I’m going to head out and vote for cyan” I lasted three more meetings lmao.
I find it so annoying when people leave the game just because they were killed. Help the rest of us complete tasks, you jerks!!
    They get instantly completed after leaving.
    Actually if they leave their tasks are removed, so if there were 6 blocks for tasks on the task bar and 2 people leave, they go down to 4 blocks. If anything they make it easier to tell who has tasks left when they leave. Fewer loose ends.
    Well... If you vented my innocent ass... Nah.
    When these dead crewmates leave their task progress is also lost
I like being the impostor because I like finding creative ways to kill people with door closes and vent spots and strategic prioritization and sabotaging. It feels great to win against an entire competent team.
I try not to, but I tend to leave if im imposter. Its just soooooooo stressful.
    Don't play at all if you're gonna do that please
        i like playing the game but my heart almost gives out when i see that i'm impostor. doesn't mean that i have to stop playing at all now does it
            Just try playing as imposter, take it slow maybe watch some videos by someone who is good as imposter such as disguised toast (you can choose anyone you want this is just a pointer) and just try it because leaving as imposter in a two imposter game makes it almost impossible for the second imposter
            You can be nervous. Just remember it's a multiplayer game and you're spoiling it for others if you quit as an imposter. If you can't handle the stress, then yes, you probably should give up the game
    You don't get better if you don't try. Don't feel rushed, take it slow.
    What? Playing imposter is fun!
I’m a cyan main, if not pink then lime

Never abandon a game even tho it’s the 20th time in a row you’ve been crewmate, it’s a really annoying move and ruins the game for everyone
    Exactly! 
Today I played in a lobby for a couple hours (ended up becoming host super early on and made the settings to my liking so I stayed put) and was crew mate for most of it, but the few times I was imposter I won because the people who’d been playing for awhile trusted me lol. 

Plus honestly crew mate isn’t that bad if you pay attention. It’s really fun to deduce who the imposter is from just watching people behave rather then waiting for someone to slip up and vent, kill in front of another, or “act sus.” Being a good crew mate made me a better imposter too since Ik what they’ll be looking for and it’s make the few games you get as an imposter more satisfying.
        Like if you are crewmate you can learn stuff from imposter wins, I learnt about how to sabotage well based off other imposters, I get that it can be a little frustrating to be crewmate every time but if you leave every time you get imposter you’re more sus when you stay
            Yea! I learnt how to avoid cameras while being a crew mate - comes in handy as an imposter. Running through all the tasks as a crew mate also taught me which ones I should be faking and which I should avoid. 

I’ve had some really fun games as a crew mate too. Today I spent an entire game acting as a bodyguard for another crew mate who camped cams - imposters had a real challenge but it was a good laugh in the lobby after.
                Being impostor makes you a better crewmate.

Being crewmate makes you a better impostor.

It's essentially all about knowing your enemy.
                    woah there Sun Tzu it's just a party game
                        Red sus
                            Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
                                You're colorblind
                        I actually just finished Sun Tzu's the art of war, and I'm like 80 percent sure there's something like that in there.
                            Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
                    I would upvote but you’re at 69 rn and I don’t want to ruin it
                        Nice
                It’s fun to team up with someone like that.  Then when you wind up being the imposter it’s hard to turn on your boy.
                And please, if you're faking tasks, don't stand at the gas and then run the complete opposite direction. I spotted someone do that and they lost lol
                All of us be Cyan
            Yeah. I was too anxious to kill as an impostor, until I played a while as a crewmate and realized just *how much* lights help. You don't know where anyone is, it's easy to lose track of people even if you try to stay together... it has become my favorite sabotage.
                Then kill in electrical.

Muahahaha
                    I just recently did my first stack kill near the lights! People accused each other *so hard*, nobody even remembered about me or my partner.
                        Electrical is legit the best place for kills. Either stack kill at lights or behind the lights by vent when you sabotage lights and 2 people are there so the other guy gets accused when someone else finds the body
                            Am electrician; can confirm.
                        Yeah yesterday I learnt about stack killing and between yesterday and today I’ve pulled off about 20 stack kills by lights.
                            What's stack killing?
                                when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
                        admin swipe stack is fantastic for that.

especially if most people have a task in electric because then EVERYONE accuses everyone
                        Damn I guess I gotta do it


You’re
                            I'm what?
                                Sus!!
                        i find comms sabotage to be better for stacks since it takes much longer to fix than lights and everyone ends up going there
                            I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
                        How does stack killing work?
                            You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
        You know which Imps are the funniest to me? 
The ones who kill in front of you. As if you won't report their corpse i mean honestly. Or when a orange Imp got out of a vent when i did samples in medbay and thought i didn't see that. I got to the button called everyone and orange was out. 
Should've killed me while they had the chance. What is your guys funny Impostor story?
            I was playing with someone who I play with a lot so this was out of the ordinary for them but still pretty funny. Walked into electrical as he killed someone and was running to vents. I immediately reported and said what I saw. He was like “no it was piglet - she killed and then vented” and I was like “how would I report the body if I vented.” 

I want to say that people caught that obvious lie... but the lobby was real dumb. Guess who got ejected. 

Today someone vented in reactor and I saw. The two other people somehow didn’t see so they may have gotten away with it, but then they vented into upper engine right in front of someone else.  We called a meeting and they immediately gave in, poor dude tried to sabotage but the vent got in the way lmao
                Another good story was actually me as imposter. I walked into electrical and there was two people and the other imposter. Clear opportunity for a double kill... if not for the fact I just killed someone. Of course the other imposter didn’t know that so they went for it. I was running back and forth waiting for my kill cool down to finish so I could kill the other dude before he reported. Guy must have been blind as a bat because he literally switched tasks and didn’t notice the dead body right below his feet. Was not a smooth kill but we won lmaooooo
                    Something similar happened to me. My partner killed and I had around 20s left in cool down. So I reported and both of us impostors hard accused the guy whom I was supposed to kill. It was immediately obvious as he got ejected who the real impostors were but we just needed one more kill after this to win so that wasn't much if a problem.
            Yellow killed someone in navigation and when I went to report I didn't see the body. So I  was searching for the body when all of a sudden Red entered and I decided to report ASAP and Red was like - "Care to explain yourself" and I got kicked out.

Another one was Lime who was with a group and as soon as the group left, he killed and vent and I saw and reported and the group kicked me out as they believed Lime was with them.

Another was when I was the impostor and it was 1 vs 3 and I went for a stack kill when all of us were in security. So Red was sure it was me no matter how much I pleaded and I knew my game was up. So I voted Red and thought that's it, but to my surprise, his crew-mate Brown also voted Red and Red got ejected and I won the game.
            Once I vented into a room to get a kill only to realize that kill was still on cool down. I chased them to the emergency button, but that was apparently also on cool down, so we were just running in circles around the table. Another player joined the circle, I guess thinking it was for fun. I killed him, then self reported and blamed the original player. Ended up skipping, but the panic of the one I was chasing in the voice chat was hilarious.
                this is AMAZING lol
                Were you purple as the impostor?
                    I don’t remember unfortunately. Maybe?
            One time I was going to peek at the cameras for 5 seconds then leave, until I saw 2 guys enter navigations. I decided to stay on the cameras and only one of them left the room, so I investigate and found the other guy dead. Guess who was the Impostor
                Surprised they didn't vent.
                    if the guy did vent i’d still investigate since nobody leaves and find the other guy’s body
            My story is from yesterday, I was playing a game with randoms and got imp, okay, cool, me and the other imp went to electrical and I decided to vent because of how absolutely big brained I am, there we're like two people in electrical so we did a double kill, oh no someone was stacked, run away through vents quickly, body found, okay, the person who saw e v e r y t h i n g said cyan (it was red and me, as black) me and the other imp went along with it, cool, then I pretended to do samples and someone called an emergency meeting, usual "?" Before hearing their reason "black fake scanned!!" I replied "What? No, I did samples!" To which everyone ganged up on me saying stuff like "you did it so quickly tho" and "you c a n ' t walk away from samples and you did it so quickly!" and i got ejected for that, not killing infront of someone who didn't even report the body right next to them and blamed someone who was completely innocent, ended up losing because red was caught venting, randoms are fun, stayed a few more rounds until everyone else left
                I once got accused of being sus because I was standing on a vent for awhile. I was downloading data in weapons.

I told them there was a task there and they were like "sure there is". I don't know how I didn't get ejected
            Myself. I am a terrible impostor. Vented out right in front of 3 people that I didn't see and at the voting sesh I just said "well fuck".
        Interesting! Thanks for the tip.
        rather than*
        Yea I get crewmate so much that I know every single task and approximately how long it takes to do them. This makes me so much less sus as imposter
        My killing strategy as imposter if someone is on cams is go into medbay, vent to electrical, kill someone, vent back and exit medbay, then go chill in security with that guy
        Literally half the fun of the game is making stealthy kills and the investigation. That's why I dislike the whole discord cheating stuff. It literally takes away the fun. 

Would be nice if we had a report system for users regardless their name, so if someone's an asshole (joins lobbies to spam, cheats via discord or hacks the game), they can be avoided.
        It really is, not only does it make you feel smart, but if you outright catch an imp in action, something about it just feels sooo good.
    I love the thrill of being impostor but I don't mind the thrill of wondering if that player that just came across you is the impostor and about to kill you.
    You know, i always thought when i was not impostor the first few times i played like let's say 20, i would become evantually and i did some time, sucked at it, waited to be impostor again and got better. That's how i got good at killing in AMONG US. You're really just a crying twat if you leave over that. Being Crewmate all the time is fun too and i love weapons destroying asteroids and medbay samples.

So point is, we all know these annoying dipshats and we just enjoy playing with what we have.

What is your favourite task to do or your favourite strategy to kill someone?
        My fav/least fav task is keycard. I hate the actual task and never want to have it but I like going to admin at the start of the game when crew doesn't have it and watching to see any new players who are faking as imposter, unaware that its a shared task. I've caught a few imposters that way lol
            That's nice
    Totally! Over the past three days of playing among us I hadn’t gotten Imposter a single time (it was kinda unbelievable). Besides when I had to log off, I never left in the middle of a game. Finally, after literally 3 days of playing, I finally got imposter. The second that the game started, five people left, and the round pretty much auto ended. I haven’t gotten imposter since.
        So sorry to hear that........... I’m really happy you didn’t leave when you weren’t imposter bc it does ruin the game for everyone including the imposter 

Some games everyone just leaves and you don’t even get the kill or do much at all..... which maybe an easy win, but it’s really boring and doesn’t help you or anyone
    >even tho it’s the 20th time in a row you’ve been crewmate

Had that happen last night and it was infuriating, especially seeing this one guy be the imposter 5 rounds in a row. But finally got one imposter round just before bed which was nice
    Just wanted to add - pink is my backup colour too!
        Cyan/Lime/Green for me. The only annoying bit is “which blue” or “which green”? Like, if it’s blue, it’s not cyan, and if it’s lime, I wouldn’t be saying green.
    [deleted]
    You sound suss
    Being a crewmate is more fun than imposter a lot of times.
    it’s been four days since i’ve been impostor 😂
    I’m also a cyan main and I just have to say that seeing this game get so popular that players are referring to themselves as “(insert fav color here) main” despite the colors not affecting the gameplay at all brings me so much joy
    Unpopular opinion: I like being the crewmate since it gives me the freedom to deduce. Plenty of people ruin this experience for me tho with their barbaric behavior.
        Same! So annoying when someone is like “vote orange it’s orange!” “why?” “Just trust me” and then everyone votes - either for them or the person they blaming - and neither are imposter.
            So accurate!
                I think the people who are super dedicated to that though are funny. Like they accuse lime at the start and we ignore them then next round lime is dead and they still accusing lime. I just keep ignoring them but it is funny.
                    Not gatekeeping or anything, but I remember how the game was much fun like 6-7 months ago before the surge. Even OG players from the release date would probably say the same. A considerable amount of new players managed to ruin the fun for everyone. I remember when I started playing I was a total noob. However, I gradually learned the proper way of playing the game, but some new players don't even try. They spam, troll, and cheat thinking it's fun. VOTE LIME.
                        Yea that’s the downside of a game getting popular - good news is there are still new players who aren’t like that, such as myself who only joined a month or so ago
                            Welcome aboard. Have fun!
I play as cyan too. I find that after 2-3 rounds I end up as host for the lobby then I can optimize settings away from 15 sec discussion time and limit emergency meetings.
    That happened to me today! Became host real early and got my perfect settings lol. It was really fun - two times I got called a good host and I was just like “maybe I should host more often.” Usually the lobbies die and I have to leave or a I join a lobby where a few good players have joined and one of them is the host.
    i accidentally set the walkspeed to 0.5 and then everyone left :(
Thanks you for this post. I to, am a Cyan main.
Literally what I would have said
“Cyan main”?? People are maining colours now? Good lord.
    It's almost like having microscopically customizable characters would make people want to choose the same aesthetic when possible
    Dark Green main here
        Purple main, reporting for duty!
            Purple faked task, vote purple
                I saw Green walk into medbay and didn't walk out; hella sus.
        Me too! We are chill af and people tend to trust us.
        Red and blue main here
            That's sus
                Pain
i am also a cyan main but i have horns
As a red main (the name "Red Lied" has a better ring to it), trueeee. Without mics pub lobbies are the embodiment of chaotic neutral.
FACTS!
I am also cyan main, part black main.
Cyan main. That is powerful message.
Yeah I ran into that last night, a group of like 7 of us stuck together for ~15 rounds
Yes exactly. I often host lobbies and more and more people stick around each round until I’ve essentially gathered an entire lobby of loyal players
Another cyan main this post is perfect in fact I hate being impostor so much stress
I am indeed a cyan main as well I agree with post too
Ah, natural selection. What a nice concept
yeah all fun in game until you get banned for lying *as the fucking imposter*
As a fellow cyan main, I can relate to this
Same!! It's actually pretty fun to play as the crewmate sometimes... And people need to understand, the Imposter needs crewmates to kill and actually win with, help out the Imposter of your round if you aren't already one
Everything in the post is absolutely relatable...
Cyan main here too, I completely agree!
i cant play as cyan/white because im colorblind. (and looking at the cameras when red/green/brown or blue/purple kills is a nightmare)
as i cyan main this makes me go yes
Yeah this totally. 

I only play with randoms, and the first few games can be
“Blue sus”

“Ok”

But if you persist and advise caution you will eventually accumulate good players, when they see that you are being a good player.

For me it’s fun trying to be persuasive in as few short sentences as possible

I’ve been playing 2 imposters, Skeld, confirm off but viz tasks on, and once you have good crew you can usually complete tasks, call a meeting and ask who has tasks, (offer to do viz task which you save till last) then all stick together to finish and win on tasks. 

I’ve had imposters just give up because they realise they can’t win if the crew are good.

And then you just act the same way when imposter and offer to escort, sabotage lights and pick off players!

I need to move to the other maps now I think.

I play as a lemon called “ThEtHiNg” in homage to the classic imposter like film.
I just get mad when people leave on my when their not the impostor.
I'm making a discord server with non-asshole players that I meet in lobbys so we can have some fun together
Im a purple main, if not then green, if not then blue, if they're all taken i take what i can get
Hello fello cyan main
    Lime is my secondary
Just wanna say thanks to guys “carrot” (orange) and “coco pop” (brown)-had several good games with them this morning. (I’m in UK but play on NA servers, the idea being its the middle of the night in US so I seem to get more dedicated crew mates in the morning!)

I was yellow/lime “ThEtHiNg”

I’m 44 years old, my kids got me into this game but I have surpassed them lol
This might be a stupid question, but does a game have multiple rounds? I was just leaving when the game ended or I was killed.
Same!
It's fun when you stay with the same group for a bit. You start to notice their habits and it makes it more fun to try to figure them out and/or trick them. Plus you get funny interactions like one I saw yesterday:

Blue: It's Pink!

Pink: No! I was imposter last game.

Green: Oh, so you've killed before!!!
    Yea! You can almost form inside jokes with people you've never met before. Yesterday I was playing with a red who would camp cams. Me and the other two guys who were playing for a while just accepted that he didn't talk unless he saw something on cams. It was was a running theme that he was a body in security so I became his bodyguard and just stood outside the door protecting him.
        Lol that's adorable.
Im a cyan main as well that really just tries to be the best sport I can and I really appreciate this post. Thank you.
I can relate to this comment here
Good man
i saw him vent...
    Let's vote cyan
        ***cyan was not the impoctor***
            im*pog*tor?
                Importer?
                    Impotter?
                        Yerr a wizard Harry
                            "Ur kinda sus Harry"
                                Dumbledore said, calmly
                        Harry Potter?
                            Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
            . 　　　。　　　　•　    　ﾟ　　。 　　.

　　　.　　　  　　.　　　　　。　　   。　.  　

.　　      。　　　　　 ඞ   。   . 　　 • 　　　　•

　　ﾟ　　 cyan was not the Impostor.　 。　.

　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
                I know I'm not Impostor. That's been 35 games that I'm not impostor
            Wait he was not the impostor?

*Always has been*
                *never has been
                🌎👩‍🚀🔫👩‍🚀
        How do I vent like cyan?
        Red was not the Impostor
    Legit one game when I was an impostor I said that I was cleaning the vents and nobody sused me, I ended up winning and after the game one guy mentioned that I gave myself away and nobody took it seriously lol
Self report?
    Saying that was my only option in a game where I was the impostor. It was down to me, white, orange, and green. Green reported. Orange and white vouched for each other.

Me: It's a risky move but the only one I have. 
>Self report?

Green was ejected. Then I just had to wait for my cooldown to finish and killed white right in front of orange, winning the game.
Same, it goes with my Zissou hat (red beanie) and name.
indeed!
agreed.
This message is sponsored by cyan
    I don't remember I've ever sponsored this message
Maybe that’s what cyan wants you to believe, CYAN IS THE IMPOSTER!!!
Because it is our favorite color?
    eeexactly
I'm main cyan too, because of *yes*.
i was once an imposter in a random lobby and killed someone. One meeting later and yellow said it was me because it was his brother i killed. I know this is irrelevant to cyan, but still. It's cheating!
    That’s so unfair
True, but that would just make the quitouts increase if the mechanic was never shown outright. More like, there should be a time punish, like wait this amount of time such as a minute or so after quitting out
    This. Give him a 5 minute ban on joining another game.
        Or an unskipable 1minute ad.
            Sure, but the user could just restart the game, I doubt that they could detect that and play another ad.
    I like it but i dont like being randomly dced from time to time and I'd hate to be punished for that. I guess there'd be a way to determine the legit dcs from the fake ones though
        Just make it a very small lockout, like 30 seconds to a minute. Not enough to punish a legit DC (you'd probably be done with your internet problems in that time and if you reconnected you wouldn't miss much), but enough to annoy someone that is constantly leaving to try to get imposter.
Truuuuuu. My backup is pink - matches my flamingo floaty
    my backup is yellow
My backup is yellow, then purple or blue
Dude, it's always lime.
ye pretty rare these days :)
    Almost always I’ll join a lobby and cyan will be taken but by the next round it’s available again. Sucks that they leave but hey I get my colour now lol
Disguised Toast
Do players usually get the same color each round or something?
    If you choose to do so... Yeah. Just create a public lobby after choosing your color and stay in the same lobby till you play, or join a lobby with < 3 dudes to get a high chance of being able to select your color...
Cyan also doesn't like being called teal
Not this cyan, I’ve got tasks to do ;)
    Same :) I like to watch people figure it out too.
    I stay even if my tasks are done to talk to the other ghosts and find the imposters
    You are a good crewmate, thank you
I'm cyan. I only leave if someone's hacking and ruining the game. Not able to vote at meetings etc.
[deleted]
That's the nature of cyan players
    You talking about cyan being sus
How did you get your cyan tag?
I had one game where the host had the discussion and voting time as like 2 seconds each so there was no time to do anything before you were back in. So they just killed us all and we couldn't do anything about it.
Your tasks are removed when you leave so it’s as if you completed all your tasks in game if you dip. Also it depends what type of lobby I am playing in whether I’ll leave or not. 

If I am playing in discord with friends, then no I’ll stay and complete my tasks. But if I’m playing in a public lobby full of randoms, then I have no reason to stay. You don’t owe anyone anything in this game and it doesn’t detract from the crew members gaming experience if you leave early.
    Ok, now I didnt know that. Makes me hate quitters a bit less haha, thanks for the info!
        Usually I too like staying on after tasks to yell at the idiot crewmates with fellow ghosts lol
Me too. Playing imposter is stressful lol
Not just you, i don't mind playing imp but i definitely prefer crewmate. Mostly because I'm a terrible liar :')
    I just look suspicious even when I'm not impostor and get voted off all the time, so when I am trying to kill people I have no chance.
*I main cyan, thanks*

*For showing people cyans*

*True personality*

\- minecraftlovinboi

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
Ugh YES why is this so true!!
Ah i see your a man of Culture
    uwu
Agreed :)
    Same
        Wwait...what ars u doin here...u play au 2?
            Yes
We just have to ride out the storm mate. The streamers want all these new additions like custom maps which is so stupid, it’s going to turn out like fortnite if the devs listen because they won’t listen to the fans,only the creators, then you give it a couple months and all the creators that wanted the additions to the game will leave it and the fans that had no say in it are just stuck there with wasted content. I really hope the devs listen to the fans and not the creators who just joined 3 weeks ago
Very
That is the only thing that actually makes me mad in the game. I can enjoy watching the dumpster fire of getting voted off for no reason, people pretending to be the imposter, getting ignored when you have good reasoning on who is/isn't the imposter, etc.
Yeah, I had a game like that for a couple of hours last night. We had a whole plan to confirm crewmates and then split into pairs. We had a long winning streak until they had to sleep.
*I main cyan and*

*I'm happy because people*

*Tell me I'm dumb lol*

\- xCezar

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors.
So sus!
[deleted]
The worst is when you wait to see 3 people before starting download in electrical but everyone leaves you except the imposter and then the imposter executes your sorry ass and nobody comes back to check on your decaying body until a solid minute later because no one really missed seeing you around the ship ...
    If you leave two people at electrical, you always double back to check on them
        This! I always do this. It’s usually how I catch people.
            Same goes for nav.

Great one on Polus is to check on whoever’s left behind at start. Pretty much no-one comes back up top so it’s often regarded as a safe place to kill.

And I always check up on the other o2/reactor. 
We were down to 5 yesterday, I did left reactor with the imp that killed me on it. The other 3 were to the right. Next reactor emergency they found me and blamed the guy that found me. If only they had checked before, or even just considered the possibility that I had been there since the last emergency, it would’ve been an easy win but instead we ended up losing.
            And then you see u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was not the imposter...
                
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was An Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
[deleted]
    The first point is pretty significant though lol... I wanna keep influencing people
    Dead chat is a million times much more fun.
        Ikr watching the monkey brains sus the wrong people while every ghost is laughing is great
    Thats my problem tho not being able to fix sabotages you know how many times ive won like 1 min into the game just by sabotaging reactor snd no one cares i usually have killed ttwo people by that tike no one cares about reactor so i wish when im crewmate and im dead i could fix it
That's why you always go to electrical first. Almost nobody goes there right away. I live longer since I do that
    I usually hit admin first, then electrical (ofc assuming i have tasks in both rooms).
"who we voting?" pisses me off for that reason. asking that question first thing proves you don't know how this game should be played.
    i mean, "who we voting" is something the impostor would say if no one is accusing him/her.
Meanwhile I'm the idiot crewmate who says "why didn't you just report the body instead of press the button?"

On Polus, where you can see the vitals.
I was imposter one time. Killed in front of four people. Literally said in chat “alright I’m just going to head out” as a joke. Then someone blamed another person and everyone agreed so I went “and by that I mean I’m going to head out and vote for cyan” I lasted three more meetings lmao.
They get instantly completed after leaving.
Actually if they leave their tasks are removed, so if there were 6 blocks for tasks on the task bar and 2 people leave, they go down to 4 blocks. If anything they make it easier to tell who has tasks left when they leave. Fewer loose ends.
Well... If you vented my innocent ass... Nah.
When these dead crewmates leave their task progress is also lost
Don't play at all if you're gonna do that please
    i like playing the game but my heart almost gives out when i see that i'm impostor. doesn't mean that i have to stop playing at all now does it
        Just try playing as imposter, take it slow maybe watch some videos by someone who is good as imposter such as disguised toast (you can choose anyone you want this is just a pointer) and just try it because leaving as imposter in a two imposter game makes it almost impossible for the second imposter
        You can be nervous. Just remember it's a multiplayer game and you're spoiling it for others if you quit as an imposter. If you can't handle the stress, then yes, you probably should give up the game
You don't get better if you don't try. Don't feel rushed, take it slow.
What? Playing imposter is fun!
Exactly! 
Today I played in a lobby for a couple hours (ended up becoming host super early on and made the settings to my liking so I stayed put) and was crew mate for most of it, but the few times I was imposter I won because the people who’d been playing for awhile trusted me lol. 

Plus honestly crew mate isn’t that bad if you pay attention. It’s really fun to deduce who the imposter is from just watching people behave rather then waiting for someone to slip up and vent, kill in front of another, or “act sus.” Being a good crew mate made me a better imposter too since Ik what they’ll be looking for and it’s make the few games you get as an imposter more satisfying.
    Like if you are crewmate you can learn stuff from imposter wins, I learnt about how to sabotage well based off other imposters, I get that it can be a little frustrating to be crewmate every time but if you leave every time you get imposter you’re more sus when you stay
        Yea! I learnt how to avoid cameras while being a crew mate - comes in handy as an imposter. Running through all the tasks as a crew mate also taught me which ones I should be faking and which I should avoid. 

I’ve had some really fun games as a crew mate too. Today I spent an entire game acting as a bodyguard for another crew mate who camped cams - imposters had a real challenge but it was a good laugh in the lobby after.
            Being impostor makes you a better crewmate.

Being crewmate makes you a better impostor.

It's essentially all about knowing your enemy.
                woah there Sun Tzu it's just a party game
                    Red sus
                        Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
                            You're colorblind
                    I actually just finished Sun Tzu's the art of war, and I'm like 80 percent sure there's something like that in there.
                        Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
                I would upvote but you’re at 69 rn and I don’t want to ruin it
                    Nice
            It’s fun to team up with someone like that.  Then when you wind up being the imposter it’s hard to turn on your boy.
            And please, if you're faking tasks, don't stand at the gas and then run the complete opposite direction. I spotted someone do that and they lost lol
            All of us be Cyan
        Yeah. I was too anxious to kill as an impostor, until I played a while as a crewmate and realized just *how much* lights help. You don't know where anyone is, it's easy to lose track of people even if you try to stay together... it has become my favorite sabotage.
            Then kill in electrical.

Muahahaha
                I just recently did my first stack kill near the lights! People accused each other *so hard*, nobody even remembered about me or my partner.
                    Electrical is legit the best place for kills. Either stack kill at lights or behind the lights by vent when you sabotage lights and 2 people are there so the other guy gets accused when someone else finds the body
                        Am electrician; can confirm.
                    Yeah yesterday I learnt about stack killing and between yesterday and today I’ve pulled off about 20 stack kills by lights.
                        What's stack killing?
                            when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
                    admin swipe stack is fantastic for that.

especially if most people have a task in electric because then EVERYONE accuses everyone
                    Damn I guess I gotta do it


You’re
                        I'm what?
                            Sus!!
                    i find comms sabotage to be better for stacks since it takes much longer to fix than lights and everyone ends up going there
                        I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
                    How does stack killing work?
                        You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
    You know which Imps are the funniest to me? 
The ones who kill in front of you. As if you won't report their corpse i mean honestly. Or when a orange Imp got out of a vent when i did samples in medbay and thought i didn't see that. I got to the button called everyone and orange was out. 
Should've killed me while they had the chance. What is your guys funny Impostor story?
        I was playing with someone who I play with a lot so this was out of the ordinary for them but still pretty funny. Walked into electrical as he killed someone and was running to vents. I immediately reported and said what I saw. He was like “no it was piglet - she killed and then vented” and I was like “how would I report the body if I vented.” 

I want to say that people caught that obvious lie... but the lobby was real dumb. Guess who got ejected. 

Today someone vented in reactor and I saw. The two other people somehow didn’t see so they may have gotten away with it, but then they vented into upper engine right in front of someone else.  We called a meeting and they immediately gave in, poor dude tried to sabotage but the vent got in the way lmao
            Another good story was actually me as imposter. I walked into electrical and there was two people and the other imposter. Clear opportunity for a double kill... if not for the fact I just killed someone. Of course the other imposter didn’t know that so they went for it. I was running back and forth waiting for my kill cool down to finish so I could kill the other dude before he reported. Guy must have been blind as a bat because he literally switched tasks and didn’t notice the dead body right below his feet. Was not a smooth kill but we won lmaooooo
                Something similar happened to me. My partner killed and I had around 20s left in cool down. So I reported and both of us impostors hard accused the guy whom I was supposed to kill. It was immediately obvious as he got ejected who the real impostors were but we just needed one more kill after this to win so that wasn't much if a problem.
        Yellow killed someone in navigation and when I went to report I didn't see the body. So I  was searching for the body when all of a sudden Red entered and I decided to report ASAP and Red was like - "Care to explain yourself" and I got kicked out.

Another one was Lime who was with a group and as soon as the group left, he killed and vent and I saw and reported and the group kicked me out as they believed Lime was with them.

Another was when I was the impostor and it was 1 vs 3 and I went for a stack kill when all of us were in security. So Red was sure it was me no matter how much I pleaded and I knew my game was up. So I voted Red and thought that's it, but to my surprise, his crew-mate Brown also voted Red and Red got ejected and I won the game.
        Once I vented into a room to get a kill only to realize that kill was still on cool down. I chased them to the emergency button, but that was apparently also on cool down, so we were just running in circles around the table. Another player joined the circle, I guess thinking it was for fun. I killed him, then self reported and blamed the original player. Ended up skipping, but the panic of the one I was chasing in the voice chat was hilarious.
            this is AMAZING lol
            Were you purple as the impostor?
                I don’t remember unfortunately. Maybe?
        One time I was going to peek at the cameras for 5 seconds then leave, until I saw 2 guys enter navigations. I decided to stay on the cameras and only one of them left the room, so I investigate and found the other guy dead. Guess who was the Impostor
            Surprised they didn't vent.
                if the guy did vent i’d still investigate since nobody leaves and find the other guy’s body
        My story is from yesterday, I was playing a game with randoms and got imp, okay, cool, me and the other imp went to electrical and I decided to vent because of how absolutely big brained I am, there we're like two people in electrical so we did a double kill, oh no someone was stacked, run away through vents quickly, body found, okay, the person who saw e v e r y t h i n g said cyan (it was red and me, as black) me and the other imp went along with it, cool, then I pretended to do samples and someone called an emergency meeting, usual "?" Before hearing their reason "black fake scanned!!" I replied "What? No, I did samples!" To which everyone ganged up on me saying stuff like "you did it so quickly tho" and "you c a n ' t walk away from samples and you did it so quickly!" and i got ejected for that, not killing infront of someone who didn't even report the body right next to them and blamed someone who was completely innocent, ended up losing because red was caught venting, randoms are fun, stayed a few more rounds until everyone else left
            I once got accused of being sus because I was standing on a vent for awhile. I was downloading data in weapons.

I told them there was a task there and they were like "sure there is". I don't know how I didn't get ejected
        Myself. I am a terrible impostor. Vented out right in front of 3 people that I didn't see and at the voting sesh I just said "well fuck".
    Interesting! Thanks for the tip.
    rather than*
    Yea I get crewmate so much that I know every single task and approximately how long it takes to do them. This makes me so much less sus as imposter
    My killing strategy as imposter if someone is on cams is go into medbay, vent to electrical, kill someone, vent back and exit medbay, then go chill in security with that guy
    Literally half the fun of the game is making stealthy kills and the investigation. That's why I dislike the whole discord cheating stuff. It literally takes away the fun. 

Would be nice if we had a report system for users regardless their name, so if someone's an asshole (joins lobbies to spam, cheats via discord or hacks the game), they can be avoided.
    It really is, not only does it make you feel smart, but if you outright catch an imp in action, something about it just feels sooo good.
I love the thrill of being impostor but I don't mind the thrill of wondering if that player that just came across you is the impostor and about to kill you.
You know, i always thought when i was not impostor the first few times i played like let's say 20, i would become evantually and i did some time, sucked at it, waited to be impostor again and got better. That's how i got good at killing in AMONG US. You're really just a crying twat if you leave over that. Being Crewmate all the time is fun too and i love weapons destroying asteroids and medbay samples.

So point is, we all know these annoying dipshats and we just enjoy playing with what we have.

What is your favourite task to do or your favourite strategy to kill someone?
    My fav/least fav task is keycard. I hate the actual task and never want to have it but I like going to admin at the start of the game when crew doesn't have it and watching to see any new players who are faking as imposter, unaware that its a shared task. I've caught a few imposters that way lol
        That's nice
Totally! Over the past three days of playing among us I hadn’t gotten Imposter a single time (it was kinda unbelievable). Besides when I had to log off, I never left in the middle of a game. Finally, after literally 3 days of playing, I finally got imposter. The second that the game started, five people left, and the round pretty much auto ended. I haven’t gotten imposter since.
    So sorry to hear that........... I’m really happy you didn’t leave when you weren’t imposter bc it does ruin the game for everyone including the imposter 

Some games everyone just leaves and you don’t even get the kill or do much at all..... which maybe an easy win, but it’s really boring and doesn’t help you or anyone
>even tho it’s the 20th time in a row you’ve been crewmate

Had that happen last night and it was infuriating, especially seeing this one guy be the imposter 5 rounds in a row. But finally got one imposter round just before bed which was nice
Just wanted to add - pink is my backup colour too!
    Cyan/Lime/Green for me. The only annoying bit is “which blue” or “which green”? Like, if it’s blue, it’s not cyan, and if it’s lime, I wouldn’t be saying green.
[deleted]
You sound suss
Being a crewmate is more fun than imposter a lot of times.
it’s been four days since i’ve been impostor 😂
I’m also a cyan main and I just have to say that seeing this game get so popular that players are referring to themselves as “(insert fav color here) main” despite the colors not affecting the gameplay at all brings me so much joy
Unpopular opinion: I like being the crewmate since it gives me the freedom to deduce. Plenty of people ruin this experience for me tho with their barbaric behavior.
    Same! So annoying when someone is like “vote orange it’s orange!” “why?” “Just trust me” and then everyone votes - either for them or the person they blaming - and neither are imposter.
        So accurate!
            I think the people who are super dedicated to that though are funny. Like they accuse lime at the start and we ignore them then next round lime is dead and they still accusing lime. I just keep ignoring them but it is funny.
                Not gatekeeping or anything, but I remember how the game was much fun like 6-7 months ago before the surge. Even OG players from the release date would probably say the same. A considerable amount of new players managed to ruin the fun for everyone. I remember when I started playing I was a total noob. However, I gradually learned the proper way of playing the game, but some new players don't even try. They spam, troll, and cheat thinking it's fun. VOTE LIME.
                    Yea that’s the downside of a game getting popular - good news is there are still new players who aren’t like that, such as myself who only joined a month or so ago
                        Welcome aboard. Have fun!
That happened to me today! Became host real early and got my perfect settings lol. It was really fun - two times I got called a good host and I was just like “maybe I should host more often.” Usually the lobbies die and I have to leave or a I join a lobby where a few good players have joined and one of them is the host.
i accidentally set the walkspeed to 0.5 and then everyone left :(
It's almost like having microscopically customizable characters would make people want to choose the same aesthetic when possible
Dark Green main here
    Purple main, reporting for duty!
        Purple faked task, vote purple
            I saw Green walk into medbay and didn't walk out; hella sus.
    Me too! We are chill af and people tend to trust us.
    Red and blue main here
        That's sus
            Pain
Lime is my secondary
Yea! You can almost form inside jokes with people you've never met before. Yesterday I was playing with a red who would camp cams. Me and the other two guys who were playing for a while just accepted that he didn't talk unless he saw something on cams. It was was a running theme that he was a body in security so I became his bodyguard and just stood outside the door protecting him.
    Lol that's adorable.
Let's vote cyan
    ***cyan was not the impoctor***
        im*pog*tor?
            Importer?
                Impotter?
                    Yerr a wizard Harry
                        "Ur kinda sus Harry"
                            Dumbledore said, calmly
                    Harry Potter?
                        Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
        . 　　　。　　　　•　    　ﾟ　　。 　　.

　　　.　　　  　　.　　　　　。　　   。　.  　

.　　      。　　　　　 ඞ   。   . 　　 • 　　　　•

　　ﾟ　　 cyan was not the Impostor.　 。　.

　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
            I know I'm not Impostor. That's been 35 games that I'm not impostor
        Wait he was not the impostor?

*Always has been*
            *never has been
            🌎👩‍🚀🔫👩‍🚀
    How do I vent like cyan?
    Red was not the Impostor
Legit one game when I was an impostor I said that I was cleaning the vents and nobody sused me, I ended up winning and after the game one guy mentioned that I gave myself away and nobody took it seriously lol
Saying that was my only option in a game where I was the impostor. It was down to me, white, orange, and green. Green reported. Orange and white vouched for each other.

Me: It's a risky move but the only one I have. 
>Self report?

Green was ejected. Then I just had to wait for my cooldown to finish and killed white right in front of orange, winning the game.
I don't remember I've ever sponsored this message
eeexactly
That’s so unfair
This. Give him a 5 minute ban on joining another game.
    Or an unskipable 1minute ad.
        Sure, but the user could just restart the game, I doubt that they could detect that and play another ad.
I like it but i dont like being randomly dced from time to time and I'd hate to be punished for that. I guess there'd be a way to determine the legit dcs from the fake ones though
    Just make it a very small lockout, like 30 seconds to a minute. Not enough to punish a legit DC (you'd probably be done with your internet problems in that time and if you reconnected you wouldn't miss much), but enough to annoy someone that is constantly leaving to try to get imposter.
my backup is yellow
Almost always I’ll join a lobby and cyan will be taken but by the next round it’s available again. Sucks that they leave but hey I get my colour now lol
If you choose to do so... Yeah. Just create a public lobby after choosing your color and stay in the same lobby till you play, or join a lobby with < 3 dudes to get a high chance of being able to select your color...
Same :) I like to watch people figure it out too.
I stay even if my tasks are done to talk to the other ghosts and find the imposters
You are a good crewmate, thank you
You talking about cyan being sus
Ok, now I didnt know that. Makes me hate quitters a bit less haha, thanks for the info!
    Usually I too like staying on after tasks to yell at the idiot crewmates with fellow ghosts lol
I just look suspicious even when I'm not impostor and get voted off all the time, so when I am trying to kill people I have no chance.
uwu
Same
    Wwait...what ars u doin here...u play au 2?
        Yes
If you leave two people at electrical, you always double back to check on them
    This! I always do this. It’s usually how I catch people.
        Same goes for nav.

Great one on Polus is to check on whoever’s left behind at start. Pretty much no-one comes back up top so it’s often regarded as a safe place to kill.

And I always check up on the other o2/reactor. 
We were down to 5 yesterday, I did left reactor with the imp that killed me on it. The other 3 were to the right. Next reactor emergency they found me and blamed the guy that found me. If only they had checked before, or even just considered the possibility that I had been there since the last emergency, it would’ve been an easy win but instead we ended up losing.
        And then you see u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was not the imposter...
            
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was An Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
The first point is pretty significant though lol... I wanna keep influencing people
Dead chat is a million times much more fun.
    Ikr watching the monkey brains sus the wrong people while every ghost is laughing is great
Thats my problem tho not being able to fix sabotages you know how many times ive won like 1 min into the game just by sabotaging reactor snd no one cares i usually have killed ttwo people by that tike no one cares about reactor so i wish when im crewmate and im dead i could fix it
I usually hit admin first, then electrical (ofc assuming i have tasks in both rooms).
i mean, "who we voting" is something the impostor would say if no one is accusing him/her.
i like playing the game but my heart almost gives out when i see that i'm impostor. doesn't mean that i have to stop playing at all now does it
    Just try playing as imposter, take it slow maybe watch some videos by someone who is good as imposter such as disguised toast (you can choose anyone you want this is just a pointer) and just try it because leaving as imposter in a two imposter game makes it almost impossible for the second imposter
    You can be nervous. Just remember it's a multiplayer game and you're spoiling it for others if you quit as an imposter. If you can't handle the stress, then yes, you probably should give up the game
Like if you are crewmate you can learn stuff from imposter wins, I learnt about how to sabotage well based off other imposters, I get that it can be a little frustrating to be crewmate every time but if you leave every time you get imposter you’re more sus when you stay
    Yea! I learnt how to avoid cameras while being a crew mate - comes in handy as an imposter. Running through all the tasks as a crew mate also taught me which ones I should be faking and which I should avoid. 

I’ve had some really fun games as a crew mate too. Today I spent an entire game acting as a bodyguard for another crew mate who camped cams - imposters had a real challenge but it was a good laugh in the lobby after.
        Being impostor makes you a better crewmate.

Being crewmate makes you a better impostor.

It's essentially all about knowing your enemy.
            woah there Sun Tzu it's just a party game
                Red sus
                    Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
                        You're colorblind
                I actually just finished Sun Tzu's the art of war, and I'm like 80 percent sure there's something like that in there.
                    Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
            I would upvote but you’re at 69 rn and I don’t want to ruin it
                Nice
        It’s fun to team up with someone like that.  Then when you wind up being the imposter it’s hard to turn on your boy.
        And please, if you're faking tasks, don't stand at the gas and then run the complete opposite direction. I spotted someone do that and they lost lol
        All of us be Cyan
    Yeah. I was too anxious to kill as an impostor, until I played a while as a crewmate and realized just *how much* lights help. You don't know where anyone is, it's easy to lose track of people even if you try to stay together... it has become my favorite sabotage.
        Then kill in electrical.

Muahahaha
            I just recently did my first stack kill near the lights! People accused each other *so hard*, nobody even remembered about me or my partner.
                Electrical is legit the best place for kills. Either stack kill at lights or behind the lights by vent when you sabotage lights and 2 people are there so the other guy gets accused when someone else finds the body
                    Am electrician; can confirm.
                Yeah yesterday I learnt about stack killing and between yesterday and today I’ve pulled off about 20 stack kills by lights.
                    What's stack killing?
                        when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
                admin swipe stack is fantastic for that.

especially if most people have a task in electric because then EVERYONE accuses everyone
                Damn I guess I gotta do it


You’re
                    I'm what?
                        Sus!!
                i find comms sabotage to be better for stacks since it takes much longer to fix than lights and everyone ends up going there
                    I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
                How does stack killing work?
                    You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
You know which Imps are the funniest to me? 
The ones who kill in front of you. As if you won't report their corpse i mean honestly. Or when a orange Imp got out of a vent when i did samples in medbay and thought i didn't see that. I got to the button called everyone and orange was out. 
Should've killed me while they had the chance. What is your guys funny Impostor story?
    I was playing with someone who I play with a lot so this was out of the ordinary for them but still pretty funny. Walked into electrical as he killed someone and was running to vents. I immediately reported and said what I saw. He was like “no it was piglet - she killed and then vented” and I was like “how would I report the body if I vented.” 

I want to say that people caught that obvious lie... but the lobby was real dumb. Guess who got ejected. 

Today someone vented in reactor and I saw. The two other people somehow didn’t see so they may have gotten away with it, but then they vented into upper engine right in front of someone else.  We called a meeting and they immediately gave in, poor dude tried to sabotage but the vent got in the way lmao
        Another good story was actually me as imposter. I walked into electrical and there was two people and the other imposter. Clear opportunity for a double kill... if not for the fact I just killed someone. Of course the other imposter didn’t know that so they went for it. I was running back and forth waiting for my kill cool down to finish so I could kill the other dude before he reported. Guy must have been blind as a bat because he literally switched tasks and didn’t notice the dead body right below his feet. Was not a smooth kill but we won lmaooooo
            Something similar happened to me. My partner killed and I had around 20s left in cool down. So I reported and both of us impostors hard accused the guy whom I was supposed to kill. It was immediately obvious as he got ejected who the real impostors were but we just needed one more kill after this to win so that wasn't much if a problem.
    Yellow killed someone in navigation and when I went to report I didn't see the body. So I  was searching for the body when all of a sudden Red entered and I decided to report ASAP and Red was like - "Care to explain yourself" and I got kicked out.

Another one was Lime who was with a group and as soon as the group left, he killed and vent and I saw and reported and the group kicked me out as they believed Lime was with them.

Another was when I was the impostor and it was 1 vs 3 and I went for a stack kill when all of us were in security. So Red was sure it was me no matter how much I pleaded and I knew my game was up. So I voted Red and thought that's it, but to my surprise, his crew-mate Brown also voted Red and Red got ejected and I won the game.
    Once I vented into a room to get a kill only to realize that kill was still on cool down. I chased them to the emergency button, but that was apparently also on cool down, so we were just running in circles around the table. Another player joined the circle, I guess thinking it was for fun. I killed him, then self reported and blamed the original player. Ended up skipping, but the panic of the one I was chasing in the voice chat was hilarious.
        this is AMAZING lol
        Were you purple as the impostor?
            I don’t remember unfortunately. Maybe?
    One time I was going to peek at the cameras for 5 seconds then leave, until I saw 2 guys enter navigations. I decided to stay on the cameras and only one of them left the room, so I investigate and found the other guy dead. Guess who was the Impostor
        Surprised they didn't vent.
            if the guy did vent i’d still investigate since nobody leaves and find the other guy’s body
    My story is from yesterday, I was playing a game with randoms and got imp, okay, cool, me and the other imp went to electrical and I decided to vent because of how absolutely big brained I am, there we're like two people in electrical so we did a double kill, oh no someone was stacked, run away through vents quickly, body found, okay, the person who saw e v e r y t h i n g said cyan (it was red and me, as black) me and the other imp went along with it, cool, then I pretended to do samples and someone called an emergency meeting, usual "?" Before hearing their reason "black fake scanned!!" I replied "What? No, I did samples!" To which everyone ganged up on me saying stuff like "you did it so quickly tho" and "you c a n ' t walk away from samples and you did it so quickly!" and i got ejected for that, not killing infront of someone who didn't even report the body right next to them and blamed someone who was completely innocent, ended up losing because red was caught venting, randoms are fun, stayed a few more rounds until everyone else left
        I once got accused of being sus because I was standing on a vent for awhile. I was downloading data in weapons.

I told them there was a task there and they were like "sure there is". I don't know how I didn't get ejected
    Myself. I am a terrible impostor. Vented out right in front of 3 people that I didn't see and at the voting sesh I just said "well fuck".
Interesting! Thanks for the tip.
rather than*
Yea I get crewmate so much that I know every single task and approximately how long it takes to do them. This makes me so much less sus as imposter
My killing strategy as imposter if someone is on cams is go into medbay, vent to electrical, kill someone, vent back and exit medbay, then go chill in security with that guy
Literally half the fun of the game is making stealthy kills and the investigation. That's why I dislike the whole discord cheating stuff. It literally takes away the fun. 

Would be nice if we had a report system for users regardless their name, so if someone's an asshole (joins lobbies to spam, cheats via discord or hacks the game), they can be avoided.
It really is, not only does it make you feel smart, but if you outright catch an imp in action, something about it just feels sooo good.
My fav/least fav task is keycard. I hate the actual task and never want to have it but I like going to admin at the start of the game when crew doesn't have it and watching to see any new players who are faking as imposter, unaware that its a shared task. I've caught a few imposters that way lol
    That's nice
So sorry to hear that........... I’m really happy you didn’t leave when you weren’t imposter bc it does ruin the game for everyone including the imposter 

Some games everyone just leaves and you don’t even get the kill or do much at all..... which maybe an easy win, but it’s really boring and doesn’t help you or anyone
Cyan/Lime/Green for me. The only annoying bit is “which blue” or “which green”? Like, if it’s blue, it’s not cyan, and if it’s lime, I wouldn’t be saying green.
Same! So annoying when someone is like “vote orange it’s orange!” “why?” “Just trust me” and then everyone votes - either for them or the person they blaming - and neither are imposter.
    So accurate!
        I think the people who are super dedicated to that though are funny. Like they accuse lime at the start and we ignore them then next round lime is dead and they still accusing lime. I just keep ignoring them but it is funny.
            Not gatekeeping or anything, but I remember how the game was much fun like 6-7 months ago before the surge. Even OG players from the release date would probably say the same. A considerable amount of new players managed to ruin the fun for everyone. I remember when I started playing I was a total noob. However, I gradually learned the proper way of playing the game, but some new players don't even try. They spam, troll, and cheat thinking it's fun. VOTE LIME.
                Yea that’s the downside of a game getting popular - good news is there are still new players who aren’t like that, such as myself who only joined a month or so ago
                    Welcome aboard. Have fun!
Purple main, reporting for duty!
    Purple faked task, vote purple
        I saw Green walk into medbay and didn't walk out; hella sus.
Me too! We are chill af and people tend to trust us.
Red and blue main here
    That's sus
        Pain
Lol that's adorable.
***cyan was not the impoctor***
    im*pog*tor?
        Importer?
            Impotter?
                Yerr a wizard Harry
                    "Ur kinda sus Harry"
                        Dumbledore said, calmly
                Harry Potter?
                    Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
    . 　　　。　　　　•　    　ﾟ　　。 　　.

　　　.　　　  　　.　　　　　。　　   。　.  　

.　　      。　　　　　 ඞ   。   . 　　 • 　　　　•

　　ﾟ　　 cyan was not the Impostor.　 。　.

　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
        I know I'm not Impostor. That's been 35 games that I'm not impostor
    Wait he was not the impostor?

*Always has been*
        *never has been
        🌎👩‍🚀🔫👩‍🚀
How do I vent like cyan?
Red was not the Impostor
Or an unskipable 1minute ad.
    Sure, but the user could just restart the game, I doubt that they could detect that and play another ad.
Just make it a very small lockout, like 30 seconds to a minute. Not enough to punish a legit DC (you'd probably be done with your internet problems in that time and if you reconnected you wouldn't miss much), but enough to annoy someone that is constantly leaving to try to get imposter.
Usually I too like staying on after tasks to yell at the idiot crewmates with fellow ghosts lol
Wwait...what ars u doin here...u play au 2?
    Yes
This! I always do this. It’s usually how I catch people.
    Same goes for nav.

Great one on Polus is to check on whoever’s left behind at start. Pretty much no-one comes back up top so it’s often regarded as a safe place to kill.

And I always check up on the other o2/reactor. 
We were down to 5 yesterday, I did left reactor with the imp that killed me on it. The other 3 were to the right. Next reactor emergency they found me and blamed the guy that found me. If only they had checked before, or even just considered the possibility that I had been there since the last emergency, it would’ve been an easy win but instead we ended up losing.
    And then you see u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was not the imposter...
        
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was An Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
Ikr watching the monkey brains sus the wrong people while every ghost is laughing is great
Just try playing as imposter, take it slow maybe watch some videos by someone who is good as imposter such as disguised toast (you can choose anyone you want this is just a pointer) and just try it because leaving as imposter in a two imposter game makes it almost impossible for the second imposter
You can be nervous. Just remember it's a multiplayer game and you're spoiling it for others if you quit as an imposter. If you can't handle the stress, then yes, you probably should give up the game
Yea! I learnt how to avoid cameras while being a crew mate - comes in handy as an imposter. Running through all the tasks as a crew mate also taught me which ones I should be faking and which I should avoid. 

I’ve had some really fun games as a crew mate too. Today I spent an entire game acting as a bodyguard for another crew mate who camped cams - imposters had a real challenge but it was a good laugh in the lobby after.
    Being impostor makes you a better crewmate.

Being crewmate makes you a better impostor.

It's essentially all about knowing your enemy.
        woah there Sun Tzu it's just a party game
            Red sus
                Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
                    You're colorblind
            I actually just finished Sun Tzu's the art of war, and I'm like 80 percent sure there's something like that in there.
                Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
        I would upvote but you’re at 69 rn and I don’t want to ruin it
            Nice
    It’s fun to team up with someone like that.  Then when you wind up being the imposter it’s hard to turn on your boy.
    And please, if you're faking tasks, don't stand at the gas and then run the complete opposite direction. I spotted someone do that and they lost lol
    All of us be Cyan
Yeah. I was too anxious to kill as an impostor, until I played a while as a crewmate and realized just *how much* lights help. You don't know where anyone is, it's easy to lose track of people even if you try to stay together... it has become my favorite sabotage.
    Then kill in electrical.

Muahahaha
        I just recently did my first stack kill near the lights! People accused each other *so hard*, nobody even remembered about me or my partner.
            Electrical is legit the best place for kills. Either stack kill at lights or behind the lights by vent when you sabotage lights and 2 people are there so the other guy gets accused when someone else finds the body
                Am electrician; can confirm.
            Yeah yesterday I learnt about stack killing and between yesterday and today I’ve pulled off about 20 stack kills by lights.
                What's stack killing?
                    when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
            admin swipe stack is fantastic for that.

especially if most people have a task in electric because then EVERYONE accuses everyone
            Damn I guess I gotta do it


You’re
                I'm what?
                    Sus!!
            i find comms sabotage to be better for stacks since it takes much longer to fix than lights and everyone ends up going there
                I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
            How does stack killing work?
                You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
I was playing with someone who I play with a lot so this was out of the ordinary for them but still pretty funny. Walked into electrical as he killed someone and was running to vents. I immediately reported and said what I saw. He was like “no it was piglet - she killed and then vented” and I was like “how would I report the body if I vented.” 

I want to say that people caught that obvious lie... but the lobby was real dumb. Guess who got ejected. 

Today someone vented in reactor and I saw. The two other people somehow didn’t see so they may have gotten away with it, but then they vented into upper engine right in front of someone else.  We called a meeting and they immediately gave in, poor dude tried to sabotage but the vent got in the way lmao
    Another good story was actually me as imposter. I walked into electrical and there was two people and the other imposter. Clear opportunity for a double kill... if not for the fact I just killed someone. Of course the other imposter didn’t know that so they went for it. I was running back and forth waiting for my kill cool down to finish so I could kill the other dude before he reported. Guy must have been blind as a bat because he literally switched tasks and didn’t notice the dead body right below his feet. Was not a smooth kill but we won lmaooooo
        Something similar happened to me. My partner killed and I had around 20s left in cool down. So I reported and both of us impostors hard accused the guy whom I was supposed to kill. It was immediately obvious as he got ejected who the real impostors were but we just needed one more kill after this to win so that wasn't much if a problem.
Yellow killed someone in navigation and when I went to report I didn't see the body. So I  was searching for the body when all of a sudden Red entered and I decided to report ASAP and Red was like - "Care to explain yourself" and I got kicked out.

Another one was Lime who was with a group and as soon as the group left, he killed and vent and I saw and reported and the group kicked me out as they believed Lime was with them.

Another was when I was the impostor and it was 1 vs 3 and I went for a stack kill when all of us were in security. So Red was sure it was me no matter how much I pleaded and I knew my game was up. So I voted Red and thought that's it, but to my surprise, his crew-mate Brown also voted Red and Red got ejected and I won the game.
Once I vented into a room to get a kill only to realize that kill was still on cool down. I chased them to the emergency button, but that was apparently also on cool down, so we were just running in circles around the table. Another player joined the circle, I guess thinking it was for fun. I killed him, then self reported and blamed the original player. Ended up skipping, but the panic of the one I was chasing in the voice chat was hilarious.
    this is AMAZING lol
    Were you purple as the impostor?
        I don’t remember unfortunately. Maybe?
One time I was going to peek at the cameras for 5 seconds then leave, until I saw 2 guys enter navigations. I decided to stay on the cameras and only one of them left the room, so I investigate and found the other guy dead. Guess who was the Impostor
    Surprised they didn't vent.
        if the guy did vent i’d still investigate since nobody leaves and find the other guy’s body
My story is from yesterday, I was playing a game with randoms and got imp, okay, cool, me and the other imp went to electrical and I decided to vent because of how absolutely big brained I am, there we're like two people in electrical so we did a double kill, oh no someone was stacked, run away through vents quickly, body found, okay, the person who saw e v e r y t h i n g said cyan (it was red and me, as black) me and the other imp went along with it, cool, then I pretended to do samples and someone called an emergency meeting, usual "?" Before hearing their reason "black fake scanned!!" I replied "What? No, I did samples!" To which everyone ganged up on me saying stuff like "you did it so quickly tho" and "you c a n ' t walk away from samples and you did it so quickly!" and i got ejected for that, not killing infront of someone who didn't even report the body right next to them and blamed someone who was completely innocent, ended up losing because red was caught venting, randoms are fun, stayed a few more rounds until everyone else left
    I once got accused of being sus because I was standing on a vent for awhile. I was downloading data in weapons.

I told them there was a task there and they were like "sure there is". I don't know how I didn't get ejected
Myself. I am a terrible impostor. Vented out right in front of 3 people that I didn't see and at the voting sesh I just said "well fuck".
That's nice
So accurate!
    I think the people who are super dedicated to that though are funny. Like they accuse lime at the start and we ignore them then next round lime is dead and they still accusing lime. I just keep ignoring them but it is funny.
        Not gatekeeping or anything, but I remember how the game was much fun like 6-7 months ago before the surge. Even OG players from the release date would probably say the same. A considerable amount of new players managed to ruin the fun for everyone. I remember when I started playing I was a total noob. However, I gradually learned the proper way of playing the game, but some new players don't even try. They spam, troll, and cheat thinking it's fun. VOTE LIME.
            Yea that’s the downside of a game getting popular - good news is there are still new players who aren’t like that, such as myself who only joined a month or so ago
                Welcome aboard. Have fun!
Purple faked task, vote purple
    I saw Green walk into medbay and didn't walk out; hella sus.
That's sus
    Pain
im*pog*tor?
    Importer?
        Impotter?
            Yerr a wizard Harry
                "Ur kinda sus Harry"
                    Dumbledore said, calmly
            Harry Potter?
                Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
. 　　　。　　　　•　    　ﾟ　　。 　　.

　　　.　　　  　　.　　　　　。　　   。　.  　

.　　      。　　　　　 ඞ   。   . 　　 • 　　　　•

　　ﾟ　　 cyan was not the Impostor.　 。　.

　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
    I know I'm not Impostor. That's been 35 games that I'm not impostor
Wait he was not the impostor?

*Always has been*
    *never has been
    🌎👩‍🚀🔫👩‍🚀
Sure, but the user could just restart the game, I doubt that they could detect that and play another ad.
Yes
Same goes for nav.

Great one on Polus is to check on whoever’s left behind at start. Pretty much no-one comes back up top so it’s often regarded as a safe place to kill.

And I always check up on the other o2/reactor. 
We were down to 5 yesterday, I did left reactor with the imp that killed me on it. The other 3 were to the right. Next reactor emergency they found me and blamed the guy that found me. If only they had checked before, or even just considered the possibility that I had been there since the last emergency, it would’ve been an easy win but instead we ended up losing.
And then you see u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was not the imposter...
    
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was An Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
Being impostor makes you a better crewmate.

Being crewmate makes you a better impostor.

It's essentially all about knowing your enemy.
    woah there Sun Tzu it's just a party game
        Red sus
            Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
                You're colorblind
        I actually just finished Sun Tzu's the art of war, and I'm like 80 percent sure there's something like that in there.
            Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
    I would upvote but you’re at 69 rn and I don’t want to ruin it
        Nice
It’s fun to team up with someone like that.  Then when you wind up being the imposter it’s hard to turn on your boy.
And please, if you're faking tasks, don't stand at the gas and then run the complete opposite direction. I spotted someone do that and they lost lol
All of us be Cyan
Then kill in electrical.

Muahahaha
    I just recently did my first stack kill near the lights! People accused each other *so hard*, nobody even remembered about me or my partner.
        Electrical is legit the best place for kills. Either stack kill at lights or behind the lights by vent when you sabotage lights and 2 people are there so the other guy gets accused when someone else finds the body
            Am electrician; can confirm.
        Yeah yesterday I learnt about stack killing and between yesterday and today I’ve pulled off about 20 stack kills by lights.
            What's stack killing?
                when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
        admin swipe stack is fantastic for that.

especially if most people have a task in electric because then EVERYONE accuses everyone
        Damn I guess I gotta do it


You’re
            I'm what?
                Sus!!
        i find comms sabotage to be better for stacks since it takes much longer to fix than lights and everyone ends up going there
            I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
        How does stack killing work?
            You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
Another good story was actually me as imposter. I walked into electrical and there was two people and the other imposter. Clear opportunity for a double kill... if not for the fact I just killed someone. Of course the other imposter didn’t know that so they went for it. I was running back and forth waiting for my kill cool down to finish so I could kill the other dude before he reported. Guy must have been blind as a bat because he literally switched tasks and didn’t notice the dead body right below his feet. Was not a smooth kill but we won lmaooooo
    Something similar happened to me. My partner killed and I had around 20s left in cool down. So I reported and both of us impostors hard accused the guy whom I was supposed to kill. It was immediately obvious as he got ejected who the real impostors were but we just needed one more kill after this to win so that wasn't much if a problem.
this is AMAZING lol
Were you purple as the impostor?
    I don’t remember unfortunately. Maybe?
Surprised they didn't vent.
    if the guy did vent i’d still investigate since nobody leaves and find the other guy’s body
I once got accused of being sus because I was standing on a vent for awhile. I was downloading data in weapons.

I told them there was a task there and they were like "sure there is". I don't know how I didn't get ejected
I think the people who are super dedicated to that though are funny. Like they accuse lime at the start and we ignore them then next round lime is dead and they still accusing lime. I just keep ignoring them but it is funny.
    Not gatekeeping or anything, but I remember how the game was much fun like 6-7 months ago before the surge. Even OG players from the release date would probably say the same. A considerable amount of new players managed to ruin the fun for everyone. I remember when I started playing I was a total noob. However, I gradually learned the proper way of playing the game, but some new players don't even try. They spam, troll, and cheat thinking it's fun. VOTE LIME.
        Yea that’s the downside of a game getting popular - good news is there are still new players who aren’t like that, such as myself who only joined a month or so ago
            Welcome aboard. Have fun!
I saw Green walk into medbay and didn't walk out; hella sus.
Pain
Importer?
    Impotter?
        Yerr a wizard Harry
            "Ur kinda sus Harry"
                Dumbledore said, calmly
        Harry Potter?
            Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
I know I'm not Impostor. That's been 35 games that I'm not impostor
*never has been
🌎👩‍🚀🔫👩‍🚀

	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/bitchpleaseugotfleas was An Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
woah there Sun Tzu it's just a party game
    Red sus
        Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
            You're colorblind
    I actually just finished Sun Tzu's the art of war, and I'm like 80 percent sure there's something like that in there.
        Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
I would upvote but you’re at 69 rn and I don’t want to ruin it
    Nice
I just recently did my first stack kill near the lights! People accused each other *so hard*, nobody even remembered about me or my partner.
    Electrical is legit the best place for kills. Either stack kill at lights or behind the lights by vent when you sabotage lights and 2 people are there so the other guy gets accused when someone else finds the body
        Am electrician; can confirm.
    Yeah yesterday I learnt about stack killing and between yesterday and today I’ve pulled off about 20 stack kills by lights.
        What's stack killing?
            when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
    admin swipe stack is fantastic for that.

especially if most people have a task in electric because then EVERYONE accuses everyone
    Damn I guess I gotta do it


You’re
        I'm what?
            Sus!!
    i find comms sabotage to be better for stacks since it takes much longer to fix than lights and everyone ends up going there
        I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
    How does stack killing work?
        You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
Something similar happened to me. My partner killed and I had around 20s left in cool down. So I reported and both of us impostors hard accused the guy whom I was supposed to kill. It was immediately obvious as he got ejected who the real impostors were but we just needed one more kill after this to win so that wasn't much if a problem.
I don’t remember unfortunately. Maybe?
if the guy did vent i’d still investigate since nobody leaves and find the other guy’s body
Not gatekeeping or anything, but I remember how the game was much fun like 6-7 months ago before the surge. Even OG players from the release date would probably say the same. A considerable amount of new players managed to ruin the fun for everyone. I remember when I started playing I was a total noob. However, I gradually learned the proper way of playing the game, but some new players don't even try. They spam, troll, and cheat thinking it's fun. VOTE LIME.
    Yea that’s the downside of a game getting popular - good news is there are still new players who aren’t like that, such as myself who only joined a month or so ago
        Welcome aboard. Have fun!
Impotter?
    Yerr a wizard Harry
        "Ur kinda sus Harry"
            Dumbledore said, calmly
    Harry Potter?
        Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
Red sus
    Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
        You're colorblind
I actually just finished Sun Tzu's the art of war, and I'm like 80 percent sure there's something like that in there.
    Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
Nice
Electrical is legit the best place for kills. Either stack kill at lights or behind the lights by vent when you sabotage lights and 2 people are there so the other guy gets accused when someone else finds the body
    Am electrician; can confirm.
Yeah yesterday I learnt about stack killing and between yesterday and today I’ve pulled off about 20 stack kills by lights.
    What's stack killing?
        when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
admin swipe stack is fantastic for that.

especially if most people have a task in electric because then EVERYONE accuses everyone
Damn I guess I gotta do it


You’re
    I'm what?
        Sus!!
i find comms sabotage to be better for stacks since it takes much longer to fix than lights and everyone ends up going there
    I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
How does stack killing work?
    You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
Yea that’s the downside of a game getting popular - good news is there are still new players who aren’t like that, such as myself who only joined a month or so ago
    Welcome aboard. Have fun!
Yerr a wizard Harry
    "Ur kinda sus Harry"
        Dumbledore said, calmly
Harry Potter?
    Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
Uh oh.... Why are there 9 reds?
    You're colorblind
Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Art Of War](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-art-of-war/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
Am electrician; can confirm.
What's stack killing?
    when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
I'm what?
    Sus!!
I like doing comms at the start because no one knows what their tasks are. You can also fake tasks better because the bar doesn't show so they can't confirm if you really did the task by checking progress
You blend into a group of players all stacked in one place. Usually most of them have their screens taken up by whatever they're doing anyway, and even if somebody can see you, all they're gonna see is a quick movement in the crowd and a dead body. There's so many people they won't know who did it.
Welcome aboard. Have fun!
"Ur kinda sus Harry"
    Dumbledore said, calmly
Was meaning smoking pot, but this can do too.
You're colorblind
when a large group of people (>4 in my experience) are standing on top of each other, the impostor can kill one and there's no way to tell which person in that group just killed the guy.
Sus!!
Dumbledore said, calmly
