[[Korean users are on your side!]]


https://youtu.be/h7RsFNXfVKs

Asmon's YouTube video has also been uploaded to our community, and we generally agree with it. Smile Gate has done all the experiments to us and knows the results, but I don't know why they're doing this here. Is it because of Amazon? Anyway, we will also criticize Smile Gate hard. We will be rooting for you guys!

https://m.inven.co.kr/board/lostark/4811/4398430


I’m also a Korean playing on NA, and it’s very encouraging/interesting to see that majority of KR users in the comments 100% agree with the sentiment that 1340-1370 zone is an absolute wasteland/newbie killer zone and it was dumb of Amazon (or smilegate or both?) for them to make this same mistake after having experienced the massive failure in KR (which led to the game‘s popularity to face HEAVY decline for a while). 

It seems like the decision to make the oreha/yoho hard mode at 1370 is also absolutely mindboggling to KR players as well, (it’s at 1355 in ALL other regions like RU/JP/KR) and there just isn’t any possible explanation for this other than that they were encouraging players to swipe to skip the eternity of the 1340-1370 inescapable hell zone. I’m assuming this was Amazon’s call as other servers didn’t have this…
    Yup that's the most upsetting part. It's either sheer incompetence or malice. Either way it's an incredibly poor way to start off a game that had all the hype and excitement behind it.
        True. Even pro-amazon people on the forum don’t even attempt to defend oreha/yoho hard mode being at 1370,  their intent is just hilariously obvious.  Other servers didn’t have this, so I’m assuming this is just Amazon doing what Amazon does best. Pure malice & greed.
            The greed part is what gets me, skins sell like hot cakes in games like this, and for a lot of people the skins and dressing up are some of their favorite things to do. Playing on Russian servers for a few months, the abundance of skins in both the cash shop and on the auction house were staggering.
                Then what the F are we doing here in NA and EU with what, 2 skins total? And the latest one can't be dyed. Oh and it was the worst rated in KR, supposedly.

I wanted to try out LA because I always hear Asian games have literal tons of customization. Talk about a complete and utter letdown.
                    Most likely another calculated move to increase profits. Players have been asking for skins, so they'll put out the worst selling skins from KR while people are desperate. Then they'll release the good skins, hoping the same players buy again.
                The main reason I want to get to tier 3 content~ is so I can make gold to buy cosmetics and collect cosmetics. But I legit feel like it is borderline impossible without spending money since I’ve been stuck on 1050-1080 for for like 2 weeks. I get 1 chance at upgrading a piece of gear (maybe 2 chances if I’m lucky) just to fail the honing day after day… really discouraging and unfun.
                    [deleted]
                        Totally agree and great advice but honing Rng is huge factor too. Im f2p and t2 was super hard for me to get through even with maris shop, pirate coins, chaos dungeon, islands, everything you can think of. I even used tons of star breaths and those % honing books and had some epic fails at 96%. My best friend and wife got through t2 easy in a few days like you said. lol kinda sucked being stuck there for a week while they both doing t3 content. Its ok though, with a bit of work and some help from my friends i got to t3, but the unluck was real hahah
                            I’m stuck at t2 as well. You’re not alone, brother. The world may pass me by, but I will not swipe.
                                Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
                On launch Russia had barely any skins too though. I remember playing on launch and only had 1, maybe 2 skin in shop and the Omen pack. So in that regards it's the same as us.
            Malice, greed, and incompetence in the gaming industry. They're still releasing patches for new world that make the game worse.
                lol, didnt that die yet?

I bailed a long time ago, legit thought it would be dead by now
                    20k players. Seems pretty dead to me.
                        Around 20k should be fine. 5k is probably the danger zone of having its development cancelled?
                            20k is not fine for an MMO and resources poured into it.
                                Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
                                    Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
                            I mean it went from 900 k peak to 20 k peak that's really bad
                            I'll be turned off soon. 

20k people can't support any type of team. Just break out the math on what they'd have to pay to keep a dev team afloat as well as servers.
                                There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
                                    Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
                                If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
                                20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
                                    So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
                                    Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
                                It won't
                                You have no idea how game population works
                                    I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
                        Wait, are you saying only 20k players are active on ark?
                            Reading comprehension. We're talking about New World.
                                You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
                                    Dude is mad he can’t read lol
                                    Who insulted you, little guy?
                    Yikes New World was a disaster.   
Everyone on Belovodye I sincerely hope you stub your toe on a door stopper spring thing and it echoes through the house
                    Its down to 20k players spread between all their servers and continents, so theres about 100 people per server, half are bots.

Atm players are linking screenshots of the entire map being owned by 1 company on almost every server, the company is demanding AGS do anything or theyll raise taxs to max on server and get rid of the 20-40actual people left.
            Is Amazon developing NA/EU version of the game? or Smile Gate?
                Amazon is just a publisher. At least they comunicated it like it is...
                    Publisher and localizer. They have some influence in things for their version of the game, but not actual dev tools. They can't break away from the design of the developers. So this decision was made together, by both parties. Or Amazon said they wanted it and smilegate agreed to make the change for them.
                        Publishers have A LOT more say then you think. What they say goes basically..
                            [deleted]
                                Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
                                    [deleted]
                            When they pay for the development of the game yes, but this is not the case here, SMG didn't need any funding to push the global release i am sure
                                Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
                                    I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
                                    But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
                                Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
                    I realy want to know where people get this idea that a game publisher has little influence over 'their" version of the game. This isn't like with a movie, game publishers can have a lot of say - up to almost complete control - over the versions of the game they distribute.      
PoE is a good example for this. The Chinese version of PoE has features the developer thinks are absolutely detrimental to the game and has stated numerous times will NEVER make it to the main version. Yet the Chinese version has these features, made by the devs at their request, because the Chinese publisher wants them in the game.       
This is just one example. The point is, how much control a publisher has varies a lot depending on their contracts and we simply do not know who is making these decisions for LOA.
                        exactly, publishers have influence on games! Are people forgetting how many beloved IPs EA has killed? Activision killed off battlefield with the hot mess that is battlefield 2042.  


Gonna add AGS to the list of publishers to avoid (Activision, EA, kakao, Gamigo)
                            Hate saying something good about Activision, but EA publishes Battlefield, not Activision.
                        Publishers have ultimate control, always. It's always been this way. 

Suddenly for this game everyone believed amazons pr bullshit
                Seeing how Gold River talked about them it seems they have at least some input on how and what stuff gets released.
            There ain't no " pro Amazon people" just ALOT of the hate is totally BS and need to be called out as such. But this is a valid point so no one defends it.
                I've mostly only ever seen valid criticism of Amazon. You don't have to try to find something egregious
                    Hahaha. Good one
                    Only valid ? Come on people hate on literally everything. Honing no endgame to hard to easy to long to short whatsoever m and often with Alot flaming
            Stoopz Defends it.
                Like Kim K just saying "get to work!" while being handed materials and gold by watchers.  Pisses his fans off to mention it too. He's not always wrong, but his perspective is not that of a average player.
                    Stoopz was cool to watch the first day or two of launch now he’s just an air head
                Well, stoopz is a paid shill, you knew that right? And he gets free mats and gold from viewers, so he dont know this feeling we others have in this deadzone, struggling to hone.
                    Calm down and breathe
                        Seemed calm enough to me.
                            Yeah, I think it was Zeals or Saint that literally called Stoopz out about it.

"His streamer success is literally riding on this game so of course he's going to downplay all the issues to make it seem not as bad. He doesn't want people to quit in protest."
                                Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
            Too much assuming and not enough thinking.
            Stop being a brain dead simp. This is Smilegate fuckup they develop the game. Can’t believe we are a month in and people still don’t understand what a publisher and developer are.
            If it was pure malice/greed we would of gotten KR's oreha hm. Or did you not know KR's version doesn't have 1340 base ilvl like argos but its just 1302 purple gear but with a +25 enhancement cap ?
        Definitely amazon forcing their hand or something.

Too many coincidences..

No released trial content south vern

Guardian bosses and hard mode dungeons increased to 1370

Argos released so early while most people are barely into t3

No honing buffs

Cost of honing not decreased

They are obviously trying to milk the whales
            Getting these PvP coins…. No PvP vendor lol.
            Yeah they need to add all that in
        I cant see it being incompetence. You have to PURPOSELY change that ilvl to a higher one for a reason.

Some guy  didnt accidentally do it. They purposely, and more than likely, had a meeting on changing that ilvl to 1370 instead of 1355. It was pure and simple malice and greed and theres really no excuse for it.
            I kind of agree with you, it is really hard to see how this could have been just incompetence but I think you can make up a scenario where it really is just that.
Remember that we've seen slides where they had planned massively buffed honing rates. These never happened for us but imagine another department talking about the 1355 to 1370 changes under the assumption that getting to 1370 wouldn't be a big deal.      
Now, according to Saintone at least, abyss hard mode and yoho only had their ilvl requirement increased but not their stats, making them significantly easier at 1370 than original 1370 content.        
With all that in mind, I can totally see their intention to give people 'easier' 1370 side content compared to Argos as to not have people run into a mechanics/skill check wall with nothing else to do.       
So yeah, with a lot of really, really bad internal communication and confusion, I think it's possible they didn't do this out of greed.
Very unlikely and not inspiring any confidence for the future either... but it's possible.
                [deleted]
                    This makes total sense up until the part they normalized ilvl for Argos, so the bus doesn't make much sense anymore.
        At some point incompetence and malice converge to the same result... sadly.
            >At some point incompetence and malice converge to the same result... sadly.

It's not incompetence. Amazon knew exactly what they were doing.
        That is the most confusing part to me. “We didn’t think this would happen, we’re adjusting our roadmap based on the Argos feedback”

I mean, it’s good they’re adjusting, but holy crap is that an indictment on their abilities to design a game, and their design judgement, and their lack of understanding if they thought this was genuinely a good idea. Wow. It’s like they didn’t talk to anyone who actually is playing the game, or use any of the infirmary available to them from other markets like KR…
        There's no way this was incompetence.  Things came together too well for it to be a 'oopsie we made a booboo with progression, sowwy' moment.  They deliberately released new content gated behind an ilevel that is incredibly difficult to reach without swiping, while also using worse honing rates than other servers in the 1340-1370 range, while ALSO not giving the new regions access to as many material sources as other regions.  This was a deliberate and calculated decision from AGS to paywall content without *officially* paywalling.  This is disgusting conduct.  

The biggest issue is that, even if they 'fix' this try to make good on it, they have turned off a huge portion of the playerbase.  We've lost people to burnout, that happens.  We lost people because they see the botting and feel like any work they put in to making gold is wasted now.  That happens.  But for AGS to do something like this, to basically release content that is only playable by a small percentage of the population, and not because of difficulty, but because you either need to be grinding on a fuck ton of t3 alts or whale your way to the ilevel, that is completely unacceptable.
        I can't wrap my ahead around taking the worst parts of the KR experience, and doubling down to intentionally make it worse, for a Western release where P2W is at least a little more frowned upon. Absolutely wild.
        I'd phrase it as "incompetence or *sheer malice*", because incompetence is pretty much expected from AGS at this point.
        It is incompetence born of malice. AGS doesn't give a fuck about players, they only care about their big-money investors, and they'll do what ever they can to please those guys. So, when the math-nerds tell their bosses that they could be making more money by manipulating the players, psychologically, well, then, that's what they will do.
            Except it's been proven time and again happy players spend more. It's such a dumb decision because not only are they pushing away small spenders they're pushing away big whales too. Omega whales don't spend in dead games.
            dont throw this on ags, manipulating players psychologically is literally the whole game design of free to play/pay to win games. if they did it too, they just said well, the game already does it and has been founded on this very premise, lets do it a little more, no harm done, the game EXISTS ON THIS VERY PREMISE, LIKE ALL P2W DO, OF PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATING US TO FORCE US TO PAY FOR A "FREE" GAME!
        >	Yup that’s the most upsetting part. It’s either sheer incompetence or malice.

It's both, from AGS. They are nothing but a clown show. They've proven this with every game they're in charge of
        i cant agree more with this

&#x200B;

its as much frustrating and annoying to realize that, i hope it was incompetence and they get new people in charge of the decisions, other wise, specially if it was malice its another game thats going to die way to fast for stupid fking decisions.
        I hope it's incompetence, but not sure dude
        Get a job
    Saint said it really well a few hours ago(paraphrasing) -  


"Until proven otherwise, it's reasonable for the players to assume these moves were made out of greed."  


I appreciate the game, and am willing to give the benefit of the doubt, but fail to see a more viable reason for these decisions.
        so... the opposite of hanlon's razor?
        What's a damn shame. Most players will rather quit than invest money. It's whale hunting on the cost of community health.
            Which is exactly why western releases for Korean mmos have done so poorly in the past and why lost ark had the potential to throw that stereotype on its head but it seems to have failed to do so. Maybe the problem isn't Korean game devs like we have thought all along, but the western publishers who seem to "know their playerbase".
                What do they really know? All they look at is analytics and graphs.

They see that Genshin impact makes a killing in NA and EU, they just assumed people would feel the same way about Lost Ark. whale culture is terrible for MMOs and these streamers who have too much damn money only encourage these publishers to keep doing what they are doing.

The same thing happened to BDO, despite that game losing the majority of its Korean player base from scummy micro transactions, the game is still relatively popular in the west. There was a chart that showed that NA is the most profitable region by far in that game and generates as much as the EU and KR player base combined.

This is a case of NA whale culture influencing developers/publishers hands.
                    > All they look at is analytics and graphs.

"analytic and graphs" are not words to desrcibe AGS. They're ineptitude to handle even their own games are astounding. One of them even unreleased itself. The other is plagued with bugs, even ones that were reported during its meta and alpha (new world)!
                        That’s what happens when big companies think that all they need to do to get into an industry is just throw cash at it.

If AGS had hired actual quality devs with a strong background in the gaming industry and formulated their future past a monthly basis they would have had some top tier AAA games in their catalog. 

The same shit is happening with Prime Video, but on a lesser extent because they have some decent shows.
                Every KRMMO I've personally played (Blade and Soul, TERA, Lost Ark, maybe Kritika was KR I don't remember) has been a really fun game at it's core completely bastardized by monetization choices and the game gets ruined by content being paywall gated or pvp content becoming p2w.

It's happened every time. Lost Ark had so much global praise for how the KR/RU servers were, all they needed to do was bring it over 1:1 with the KR version and the game would've been the best MMO on the market.

But instead, as western capitalist companies do, they say "fuck the playerbase and long term success, let's ride this hype wave and milk out as much as we can in the first 2 months before we let the game die!"
            No, they knew that the players who went hard and hit this wall while it was a problem were the same players most likely to pay in order to break through it. They'll pretend it was an oopsie until the casuals catch up and then they'll "fix" it.

It was strategic.
                Seems to me the best way to kill an MMO.

cause once casuals hear they have to spend shit ton (1750$) to reach argos , even the casuals will quit,

Before someone come defending on this , look at steamchart cough.
            For real. I'm slow and lazy and terrible and I'm still in late T2 so I'm still having fun and haven't really hit a wall yet, but when I do, I'm not going to swipe or grind for weeks to continue getting upgrades, I'm just not going to play any more. I've got plenty of other games to play and zero tolerance for things being made deliberately shitty just to try and get you to spend.
                Whrn you hit 1340 there will be honing chances and more events like we are having. Don't get riled up because of 100 cry babies
            If I can attain the power level with a reasonable ($60) amount of money then it wouldn't be such an issue. If I pay the box price of a non-FTP game, or the equivalent of 3 months subscription for FFXIV, then I would be okay with doing this every once in a while.

But the issue is you are paying money to gamble. It could cost me $60, or it could cost me $500, or it could cost me $2000. I'm not going to take that risk because I'm not a gambling addict. I'm just going to stop playing the hard content and stop taking the game seriously, and just collect mokoko seeds then log off.
            Hopefully in the meantime more people just focus on getting alts up instead of resorting to swiping, thats what I've been doing and I'm still enjoying the game.
                Yeah but lots of clases still missing, so for a lot of ppl they are waiting for their class release.
                I am almost 1370 without swiping. It's just slower than the first two tiers but completely doable.
                    Just because it's "doable" doesn't mean it's right, you know?
                        Yeah I don't think it's good game design after the fast first two tiers, but I just took a different perspective on it and accepted the slightly slower progress in that window.
                            This is the way. People are crying now, wait for ilvl 1500+ which KR has now.
                                But they've got actual content at that ilvl
                                    I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
        This is my assumption, and there are several examples of it, just look at the first 2 skins they released in the shop.  Literally the least popular in all other regions.
    Its not even just Argos, all of our guardians also have higher requirements to enter, Armored Scorpion is 1302, and Igrexion is 1325 in KR and I think Yoho is 1340/1355, but on our version, its 1302/1340/1370. So not only are we getting less leapstones from guardians because we need to reach a higher ilvl, it also makes the fights boring, Ive matchmated both scorpion and igrexion for awhile now, little longer then a week, and they are always 6 minutes kills, the bosses are cleared tuned to 1302/1325, and we are stuck fighting them overleveled.
        Is this why the t3 scorpion and igrexion are so easy? It's like the 1355 stuff that was made 1370. They didn't scale it up so we're over geared for it when we unlock it.
            They also just don't really do anything.  Scorpion is the same fight as before, but with some pointless adds that get blown up.  


Igrexion is a slow field and some wonky as hell telegraph slams that you've learned harder versions of already from the abyss dungeons.
                Scorpion not running away on burrow is such a quality of life difference lol.

T3 scorpion I think also doesn't do the tail grab? I died to that a few times in lower tiers. T3 was it's sort of a loot pinata.
                    It's funny that he's so much easier than the first version.
                    T3 Scorpion is pretty mobile (And thus, annoying to fight on my Sorc main and her cast times) but that's about all it has going for it really.
                    Even if he had the tail grab by most t3 players know to stagger at this point.  Ive never had a group while i was in his ilvl bracket that didn't double break the tail.
                        just did tonight. multiple groups
                the adds if you dont blow them up can singlehandedly kill players.  They get an electricity aoe around them after like 1-3s or so of being alive and run after players and it will melt hp bars. I have to spam frequently for players to kill adds because they ignore them thinking "oh it'll jsut get aoed ig"  and they end up killing 1 or two people.
                    One guy said: "no, you have to kill them and I can't help, because it will hurt my DPS too much"
                        Welcone to MVP screen mentality. Everyone is so eager to see MVP next to their name that they disregard the prime condition for that - to finish the goddamn raid in the first place.
                            Is there even any actual benefit to MVP?
                                e-peen
                From what I've seen, people have a hard time avoiding many of igrexion's attacks and eat a lot of damage, it's just that it's so undertuned that it doesn't really matter.  I don't bother to use panacea, I just let it burn.  Makes sense if he was designed for 1325.
                    Yea I dont mind admitting that I have trouble dodging some of igrexions attacks but the game doesnt make me learn them either since I can just face tank them and focus on full dps. Add a support to the mix and probably dont even have to touch pots.

end of T2 was nice with the 8 man raids and so on. And now T3 is just a snoozefest again where you go slap 2 easy guardians daily, run chaos dungeon and then log off your main and go play with alts...
                    Dont even need panacea if you got a paladin cleansing it off every 30 seconds.
                True the mechanics are kind of easy you could say, but there is a most likely a big different entering on a 1325 and a 1340 character for the sake of Igrexion.
            Yes I do believe so, The scorpions experience might be same since it is actually 1302 and not 1325 i made a mistake there, but entering Igrexion at 1325 vs 1340 would most likely give more "real" guardian experience. I just feel like we lose out on not accessing the content it was tuned for, leaving us: getting less daily materials from not being able to access it earlier, have more challenging content( I feel like guardians and abyss raids is the content I actually get to play my character).
            Ya I felt the same, "why are these so squishy? T2 guardians felt harder!" is what I told my friends. Even 1370 Yoho feels easy, I read a guide before I fought her talking about all these abilities turning you into a fox etc. so I'm like okay lets do this and then my party of complete randoms with no support downs her in like 5 minutes with no problem whatsoever. Everything's super easy and squishy. Even the 1370 Hardmode Oreha's Well is pretty easy/squishy.
        Armored Nacrasena is 1302.

And I won't argue that you're usually going in overgeared, but even when you aren't, they just have very little hp. I had an absolute clown fiesta Nacrasena run on one of my alts straight off Punika quests at like i1309 did nearly 50% damage, and it was still well under 7:30.
            my mistake on armored narcasena, but the other guardians do have lower requirements on other versions of the game.
                Which present a different issue. If you lower Igrexion to 1325 again players basically leapfrog Nacrasena entirely.
        I'm going to be in 1340 for a while, so Igrexion being easy and quick is a complete blessing in my eyes
            Agreed.
        armoured scorpion is 1302 in the NA version tho.
        Why the hell would they do this? I’m genuinely curious.
        what armored scorp is 1302 ilvl req man. I literally do it everyday on my alt LMAO.
    > It seems like the decision to make the oreha/yoho hard mode at 1370 is also absolutely mindboggling to KR players as well, (it’s at 1355 in ALL other regions like RU/JP/KR) and there just isn’t any possible explanation for this other than that they were encouraging players to swipe to skip the boring 1340-1370 zone.

Even getting to 1355 from 1340 is at least 1-2 weeks worth of boring grinding and lull in content without swiping, a ton of luck, and/or RMT. They've compounded the shittiness and made us wait until 1370 to "start" the endgame. All because of greed and incompetence.
        true, but having *something* in the middle to look forward to and push towards helps see the light at the end of the tunnel
        I mean technically we have been playing the endgame since level 50. Not sure I agree with the statement that endgame only starts at 1370, it took me 200+ hours to hit T3.

Even still, I agree that it’s dumb to gate F2P players from touching the first official raid.
            I would heavily disagree with this statement. Endgame starts at minimum T3 (1302), arguably higher in the original version at legion raids. T1 and  (most of) T2 feel like extended tutorial.
        1355 from 1340 is really not bad if you aren't a completely braindead player. You want to be doing things that earn gold, and then convert gold to crystals and buy things in Mari's shop whenever possible. Every single player should be doing this constantly.

I started Lost Ark with several friends and while some of us had more luck than others with both market profits and honing success, we've all reached 1355 and beyond already with two of us reaching 1370+ and spending no real money besides for the Founder's Pack. Though we've all basically no-lifed the game so far, so a lot of hours spent.
            Even though that’s possible, I don’t feel it’s healthy for a game to require their players to no life it for 300 hours to reach end game content, majority of the players are new to this game and aren’t gonna have the time or want to do that
    [deleted]
        I went from playing 10+ hours to quit. So many bad decisions, plus it also in my case, dsnt help to be cock blocked so hard. Like i can only do fun stuff and raids 1 time per week.
            imagine playing more than one game for a second.. or you know, a full time job... its cool to also have something that doesnt force you to no life for 10 hours a day for a change
    It's either the swipe or that Amazon was not prepared enough for t3 launch. I remember with the beta everyone expected that the launch would only have up through t1 and T2, t3 would get added later. But then we ended up getting up through partial t3 and it seems like it's because Snilegate game director insisted with Amazon that legion raids should be in the game early (from the launch day Q&A with gold river). Adding legion raids is apparently what delayed the launch of the game and maybe Amazon wasn't prepared enough for t3 player experience as a result.
    Thing is, players like me who don’t mind being light spenders just don’t see the “value” in spending $30-50 just to have a honing fail anyway. Even with a pay-to-progress model the incentive just isn’t there. So I’ll do my 40mins if content and go play something else. If my friends get bored before I hit 1370 there’s a good chance we’ll all just quit and move on.
    Stoopzz had an interesting take on the 1370 change for oreha hard mode. Saying that they put it at 1370 and gave it good gear, in order to avoid carries of argos bring mandatory for progression. As you cant sell the argos gear, it would become necessary to clear argos in order to progress, leading to carries and a gold problem. Now with oreha hard mode dropping 1370 gear, argos is not as important, making carries less profitable and keeping the gold value in check.

But by moving the oreha hard mode they did make the dead zone worse.
        Doesn't make sense due to the botting
        Stoopzz shilling and pretending gameplay changes out of greed are actually a good change? No one saw that coming
            eh, it's reasonable because the 1370 hard modes drop argos tier armor while the 1355 don't. If people were able to hit 1370 smoothly this would be a very positive change.

Of course, people can't hit 1370 smoothly so it creates a larger dead zone and more problems.
        Sounds way too complicated for Amazon to understand
    >1340-1370 zone is an absolute wasteland/newbie killer

Im pretty sure a very high % of the playerbase on the west is not even T3 yet. Its literally only the whales and players with 16hours freetime a day on their hands that got there.  Calling it newbie killer is wierd.
        Think this way, if it's killing the desire to play from players who spent 16hrs a day playing this game (your words), what's do you think it will do with actual newbies? 

Also they call newbie killers because of what happened in Korea, not because of what is happening here.
        Not really sure what playing a lot makes reaching T3 easier. You mainly need just do the islands once , and doing the daily/weekly content. Probably only 13/14-15 takes a bit longer but rest wouldnt really need that much freetime to reach T3. After 1 month most of ppl should be on T3 who plays daily.
            I think you are overestimating the average player's knowledge. If you go on foruns that have more "casual" players, most of them even know what are the islands or how to find them.
    It's almost like it was manufactured to encourage spending. It's 100% the only thing that makes sense. That or more Amazon incompetence.
        Its 100% the reason, just people dont want to believe it.

It was plain and simple to milk players.
            Just doesn't make sense. If they're trying to milk money they would add so many other things like skins and honing shard boxes. It's not clear at all if this was whalebait or just a big fat mistake as a result of wanting to get us to legion commander raids as soon as possible.
        The incompetence that gave them a shitton of money by milking FOMO?
    maybe they did a decision like this because of beta test
    I'd be very surprised if it was directly Amazon's decision.  I doubt they'd be making as granular decisions as GS requirements.

If I had to guess, it's probably more Amazon's overall directives or targets (if they're setting any), that's encouraging these sort of decisions.
    They just people to whale to 1370.. that is all.
        3 days 30kgold sellingg mats
    I am pretty damn sure that it's Amazon being greedy as fuck. They want to milk the people willing to swipe, milk them hard and fast.

After milking is done, introduce honing buffs to soothe the rest of the populace. While also keeping the big fat profits in the higher ups pockets.
    Wouldn’t doubt it being Amazon…. Ags has a certain way to handle things. This is coming from someone that played new world til lost ark came out. Some of the decisions they made were very mind boggling and took awhile before devs spoke out
        This is such bullshit Smilegate and Amazon are equally at fault stop the cap and blame everything on them because you don’t like New world.
            I never said smilegate isn’t at fault too. Majority is going to be Amazon decisions though. I loved new world until the end then realized how bad it was and really hoped ags wouldn’t fk stuff up. Smilegate is at fault too but do you see the only new variable compared to kr/ru versions? It’s Amazon…  smilegate should take blame too but it’s like the two posts under you stated. Publishers do have power
                Oh mb you must work there to know Amazon has full control over the direction of the patches. This nonsense, you’re basing everything on the fact that they fucked up on new world and are ignoring the fact Smilegate has fuck up multiple times. You have no idea how they negotiated things stop pretending like you work there. They are equally to blame because we don’t know how the inner works.
        they arent devs. tho they literally do not have the power to make those decisions. Please hold both accountable. Smilegate should not be allowed to dodge criticism just because you hate amazon for new world.
            stop with this bullshit of publishers not having influence and power over things. Just turn at look at how many franchises EA and Activision killed due to their greed. Even games published by Gamingo are being milked on their last legs. The chinese version of POE has features that the publishers wanted to add and the devs had to listen.
    This is ridiculus that they not only make the same mistake but partly worse than before... that shows that they only care about cash grabbing and not provide a good gaming experience.
        Which was the whole sell point of the game.  That they wouldn't pull this shit.
    >1340-1370 zone is an absolute wasteland/newbie killer zone

Could we not pretend that anyone in t3 is a "newbie"

Its looking like even highly motivated players get there after what, 300 hours?

Casual players will probably be closer to 400-500.

No one with that much time in any game is a "newbie"

And I'm not there yet, still in t1 myself at 200 hours, so I guess I can't comprehend how bad t3 is. But from what I've heard, its just playing the game as normal, but everyone seems manic for progress. Just take is slow guys, you'll continue leveling up. Being frantic about it isn't healthy.
        I reached t3 in 100 hours f2p, I dont know where you got your numbers from
            You have to realise that you are not an average player then. If you go sweaty try hard min-max mode it may take 100 hrs but definitely not for a normal player.
                no minmax and no sweaty play needed. my friends just played the game with knowing nothing about it and made it t3 in 100 hours by just doing the MSQ and islands for materials. they even spend time to farm for some ship sails and stuff while now sitting on 1340 and not playing anymore cause there is nothing to do in a group and the whale baiting is nothing any of us supports . so LA is on ice for a while if not forever if they dont correct those issues. like some already mentioned. LA was supposed to not do those scammy things. the director and even AGS mentioned they wont do it and then they come with all those strange changes to bait whales. the game is good but there are other games to play also.
        Its not about being manic about it. As the asmon video put it, it discourages people from lower tiers to bother investing more into the game. Like why would you bother to continue to grind when all you can look for towards is this deadzone.
    I just don't get their thought process, they have all the experience of what does and what doesn't work and they went with what didn't work the first time in Korea.
    Also, as a fresh start, we need to do all skill points, gather Giant hearts, Masterpieces, Rapport etc. Those things give power, u need them in end game, I as someone who played on KR, think its too fast, we have a lot of content to do beside getting to 1370, that is actually important and time consuming. Also fresh AH doesnt help. 10 guardian stones in Kr is 1 gold or cheaper. In the West at some point I was selling them for 100 gold. Thats Madness… Now Rox said they didnt have the data, I think they had about 3 years worth of data, and 3 different region starts before that.
    Oreha changes may be to avoid BUS on Argos and it gives more gear per week , guardian changes to avoid skipping Necrasena. So its may be good intentions, but  rush release of Argos without weekly activities is questionable, well, we wait for official statement from AGS.
    It’s likely not malice or greed, it is likely the decision made at how tier 3 was going to look like for Lost Arks release in the west. They most definitely used words like they threw in tier 3 content and will keep monitoring it. They likely made the 1370 decision computing the grind over the month.
    Can’t they just changed that with a simple patch?
    I mean, the starting zone is killing newbies already with massive stacks of bots.  
It's so sad...
    The worse part of it is - that it would have been 100% fine if they had kept the content at 1355 (from someone that got lucky and reached 1370 this week) 

It felt soooo bad to reach 1340 and then be like well. I will be here awhile with just the one extra thing to do!
    I’m going hard. Bought out maris T3 items. Collected all available mats I can muster. I’m at 160 fails and 1356. 

Unless I get insanely lucky, I won’t be 1370 for another 2 weeks. Which is fine but, what the hell are the casual players gonna do when they hit this stage? 

Numbers for casual players are going to plummet when they hit 1340.
    in all honesty though. even if Oreha/Yoho hardmode wasn't at 1370 but at 1340... It wouldn't have made much difference. Its still the same dungeon and I would just be replacing Yoho with Igraxion. 

The big issue here is the dead-trap that they put on 1340-1370. The amount of materials you get daily is NOT enough vs the chance of failing. And, we believe this to be done on purpose to encourage people swiping to get their hands on those extra few tries a day.

  
for example they could have increased the amount of materials we get from the daily content. Or they could have lowered the material cost to buy additional stuff through infinite chaos, though it would be a bit boring to do chaos 2-5 hours a day for the extra materials atleast it would keep me "busy" to increase my amount of enhancing per day possible.

Right now I can't be bothered with Infinite chaos, because the amount of currency you need also goes up infinitely each time you buy something... to a point where its jus pointless to keep grinding in there.
    Someone has to pay for Jeff Bezo's friend's to go into space.

Every time you swipe you're probably sending a rich celebrity into space.
    What aggravates the issue is that this change was intentional and it's not just a mistake. They wanted the 1340-1370 gap to feel as obnoxious as possible in order to encourage players to swipe their credit cards, despite knowing it might make people lose interest, because many of these players will return when the devs say they listened to feedback and added the missing content back in after two or three weeks - conveniently when they may announce the next raid after Argos, and that's a very malicious approach towards the community. It's literally the creation of a problem to sell the solution, and they will still get praised for doing so.
    im 1340 and im afrain to even try to push further; now im afraid being false/positive banned and the lack of human support, i seriously thinking about leaving the ship at this point until everything gets better and just play anything else
    People don't understand. I love the deadzone. It's big catchup and whale milk. Fine with me. Do vertical
    Smilegate may respect its players, but the publisher for NA/EU doesn't. They see us NA/EU players as ATMs, we're simply there to give money to them.
Right now we can’t reach the korean devs, and we are very thankful to people like you. We all love the game and want to see it be best it can
[https://m.inven.co.kr/board/lostark/4811/4398430](https://m.inven.co.kr/board/lostark/4811/4398430) \->The second most recommended post said : These bastards are doing this while knowing the results after testing on us lol
    Here's some rough translation for the other 2 "best comments".

1st one: 
Yoho/Oreha being 1370 seems very problematic.

What were they thinking not deploying the contents between 1340~70.

Did they forget about all their experience/learning from KR servers

Or is this because Amazon has the operating rights


Setting aside honing rate as secondary issue

If there were fun/enjoyable contents and lots of ways to obtain mats

There probably wouldn't be this much lamenting 



3rd one: 
No matter how you look at it, they could've predicted this using the data gathered from 1340~1370 'dead period', when users quit and returned, etc but they're being idiots by making the same mistakes on global server. This is really stupid.
We 100% need the heroic guardians and the other daily/weekly content, it helps players of all tiers progress and provides more way to interact with the game and have fun then farming chaos dungeon. Chaos dungeon is a great resources of items, but I think alot of people do not like endless grind for hours to get nothing out of it (failed hone). I cant speak for people but my person opinion is that I think alot of people are in this situation and its making them quit a game they might of found enjoyable, but due to lack of resources and grind, its making them not enjoy it.
    I’m in this situation, I love the game but from the things I’ve seen and heard the KR and RU versions are so much better, I just wish Amazon was more competent, but coming from New World, Amazon doesn’t like listening to their players until it’s too late
    This is me. I dont want to have to play my alts just to be able to access more content (read: actual combat gameplay) which is time gated. Im not even at the point in the game where an alt provides that needed shakeup. I _want_ to just focus on my fav char but the game is just so damn shallow when it comes to the one major attractive part of this game to me (the combat).
Thank you LA KR.

Bless your souls for your support. 

I am patient so while it doesn't affect me, I know a lot of people in 1340 area feel stuck and that's not good. I know a fix will come sometime in the future
    Honestly I don't feel stuck, I just stopped grinding, but I understand other MMO players who play for the endgame want to fully complete the game when there's an update and get BiS gear. I'm focusing on horizontal content and learning new classes.

I think people more casual like me will understand easier that 1340 is the top for F2P players and it is not worth it to keep going.
        >1340 is the top for F2P Players

Thats kinda sad.. Its literally a paywall like some shitty EA concept. Except you dont know how expensive it could get, which in turn is even more of a dick move than EA does on the regular.
            Especially as bots continue to devalue gold and make legitimately buying currency less and less beneficial, effectively causing the paywall to get continuously taller
                If we got more gold from the abyss raids then the bots would be forced to have even lower profit margins, we get like 20 or 30% of what the other versions make per raid.

Not sure at what point will it be inconvenient for them to continue their operation but there should be a limit where even they say it's enough.
                    Agreed, but of course instead of pushing that threshold I’ve been hearing friends talk about how they’d rather pay $25 and roll the ban dice for substantially more gold than $100 of royal crystals can buy
            Yep I've seen people going from 1350 to 1351.63 in 3 days, I don't know why you would begin this gamble in the first place, it's pretty chill in here
                Hey that’s me. My goal is 1355 so I can hit up just a little more content but I made the decision a while ago to avoid lighting my material on fire for 1370. Happy to fill out my Adventure Tome while slowly stopping my grind. Definitely not worth it.
                    This is what I did. Since they screwed us on the vertical progression, I've just been filling out my horizontal progression in the meantime.
            Dont listen to people who say 1340 is the top I'm almost 1355 and i can only play 2-3hrs top on weekdays. If you had maybe 6hrs a day you could definitely be 1370 with 2 alts in t3 by now. 

Obviously the 1340-1370 deadzone is garbage though. Only having the 1355 chaos dungeon to look forward to till 1370 is so greedy it's mind boggling.
            [deleted]
                How about you calm down, jean d'arc. Not everyone has as much time as you to play 9-10 hours a day. If you have achieved this, congrats, but dont compare yourself to people who got a life outside this game and only want to play casually 2-3 hours at most a day.
                    [deleted]
                        How about no? You know, empathy for casual players is a thing. If youre content with the current state of the game, fine, but if you got nothing to say that could result in the devs making changes, dont say anything at all. Youre neither part of the solution nor part of the problem. Just filler words nobody needs. Just... dont talk.
        Im also at 1340 and Im not casual but not hardcore. The problem is not not being able to do Argos but the stagnant gameplay without possibility to upgrade and stupid content lockout like Oreha Hardmode at 1370. Also bad economy, low gold income and no classes releases dont help
        Problem is there's like no horizontal contant for T3 yet. That's my main complaint from the game right now. In T2 yeah I had to grind and I was stuck for a bit but I had things to do when I was done with my dailies in order to progress. The main thing that comes to mind is islands. They were vital in T1 and T2 progression and we have three of them for T3 as far as I'm aware. THREE ISLANDS. It's mind boggling that the only way I can progress for at T3 is either swiping or doing dailies for a month
            So just to clarify for you: what you're talking about is vertical progression.Things that raise your ilvl = vertical progression. 
There's tons of horizontal progression during all tiers. Adventure tome completion, island soul, giant's hearts, skill potions, stat potions, omnium stars, rapport, masterpiece collection, roster level, trade skills.
            Have you gotten all the runes you need? Have you been getting all your skill points from potions? Do you have decent abilities in your gear/inventory? Have you reached legendary engravings? Do you have decent stats from your accesories?

You get these from island tokens, adventurers tome, giant heart, Punikka rapport. I think there's quite the stuff to do still imo even if you can get all these in a week if you focus on it, even if I'm not upgrading gear I still feel my character gets stronger each day
        [deleted]
            If you acknowledge #1 as an issue then why even bring up #2? #2 is directly caused by #1. Literally no one is asking for there to not be a grind?
            You clearly dont know much about the game. The grind will still be there after honing changes and more resources....
    Same, I'm 1345 for more than a week, I'm just waiting and stacking mats. I'm used to it, I've been through 1y/1,5 yo only one raid in WoW
    Im in the same boat, im still 920 with mats to push it but im just doing my thing waiting for friends to catch up. Im also leveling alts trying to wait out the mess lol
i hope  someone important at smilegate will see this.
    I'm sure they're aware of this problem from what they've been doing so far. We will also try to communicate our opinions to them!
        Thank you guys.^ ^ Much love to the Korean community <3
    It seems like SG has a group of people that monitor communities (like inven and reddit). It cannot be the case that they did not hear this at all especially if the topic is discussed in several communities. I just hope that they make appropriate changes to address this issue.
        If you eventually work and understand the high & lows of the market, it helps a bit. Sadly not many ppl have the time to do this & this barely helps since honing rates are low asf higher into t3. They really want us to grind each day praying to rnjesus. Typical korean mmo ig. At least it’s better than bdo and ranked pvp is coming. But we will definitely see a decrease in players that don’t want to do the grind.
    Smilegate already knows. They know what happened in KR/JP/RU. AGS is the problem.
I just want to say that I appreciate all you koreans for your support!

I have seen many, many K-MMORPGs in the past that had zero communication between developers and the western community and was worried that this was gonna happen again...

To see that koreans, who have a much better connection to the devs, bring this up IMO drastically increases the odds that something will be done about it (let alone for PR reasons).

So thank you very much for your efforts!

&#x200B;

감사합니다 !!
I have seen some people just say on forums like

"LOL what did you expect from Korean MMO? You are just too casual, this game is a massive success in Korea. "

But no. When KR had this kind of dead zone and our version of game, it was NOT successful. So it's not just a audience thing where the western audience is more casual and not suited for this kind of game.

This version of game is universally AWFUL! It sucked in Korea and it sucks here.
    [deleted]
        You realize we have the hardest version of the game. Original Korea T3 release was never this hard. 100% T 1 and T2 makes since considering T3 is the end game. The dev wants everyone in T3. T1 and T2 are failed versions of the game.
        I've seen quite a handful of people say that they should just straight up remove honing probabilities and give everything 100% success rate.
            Nothing wrong with that, if they just increase the materials required. In fact the RNG is just fundamentally a bad design, which is deliberate to encourage whaling using psychological tricks.
    Western audiences are considerably less tolerant to stuff like this. You might get players returning in KR when they fixed it but in the West people will never come back.
        [deleted]
            WoW had about 10 years of good will. This game has barely been released a month. You're also comparing it to a game which was lightning in a bottle and defined a genre.
            People come back to those games because they finish the content that came out. That isn't the case here. People are leaving because they are pissed at the game. Huge difference.
                Only reason I mentioned WoW was because 3 expansions in a row they dropped the ball, and broke it. 

Yet people still come back to play it
                    like others said, they had 10 years of good will from the players. so players come back to see if they hit the magic again. Shadowlands sold but most of the players quit already in the first few months because you could see that the expansion was another fail. LA had no time to create goodwill in the West. Too many bad changes made it already a rocky start and now even the so called "games media" report about the "deadzones and leaving players and polling about is lost ark dying in the west" at least in the german games media. what happens is that those casuals that are stuck in T1 are the people reading those media and when they see that there is no point investing in the game they just leave to another game thats popular at the moment.
    Feels to me like people are too 'hardcore', personally and have the expectation that playing for 12 hours everyday will get you to the endgame dramatically faster.

I had a couple weeks off at launch while transitioning to a new job, so I was playing 12 hours a day at first, but now I only get a couple hours of game time a day, which seems to be perfect as I am grinding my last few upgrades to hit T3.

I get my daily runs in, move a little closer to the next tier, and don't mind how long it's going to take.  If I was still expecting to have 12 hours of content a day, I'm sure the content drought and fight for honing materials would get frustrating quickly, but I don't have enough time to commit to the game for that to be a problem.
Whoever is doing it, they are doing it wrong.

Maybe they don’t care about the longevity of the game and just want to make a quick buck out of it
    Sounds exactly like what happened to new world!
        Like something Amazon would do. HMMM!
            Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.

I've played other Smilegate games (such as Epic7), and believe you me, they're good at inducing burnout and then half fixing it later. Amazon's game studio is a bit wild at the moment. They seem to do big mess ups that confuse me, but they do seem genuinely interested in player feedback and fixing tings (I think the 5 people that play New World now would say things are going in a positive direction).
                > Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.
> 
> 

Google translate the comments and seems RU and JP regions publisher does whatever they want. This is getting me worried lol.

I didn't ignore the game like i did with new world because i thought AGS wasn't going to shit on it.. and seems its shittin on it.
            Amazon, the company that didn't make a profit for over a decade so they could eventually dominate it? You think that Amazon is known for making a quick buck?

I actually do think this is 100% due to greed, but not the kind of greed that just wants to make a quick buck. I think the problem is the guy in charge of AGS is some chud who was with Bezos from the "bookstore days", he's not a gamer and he's responsible for a lot of the core problems with New World. I have no real evidence that he's involved here, but it makes the most sense. Whomever made this decision doesn't understand the gamer demographic, and that guy is not a gamer.
        The thing is, New World was a pay to buy game. Like the moment you get the player to play around 10 hours, you're done, you got your money, now you can safely bail.

For them to do this in a free to play game where longevity prints money (because of limited time shops and cosmetics), doing the short term money grab seems beyond idiotic anyway. I'm more likely to believe simple incompetence over greed here honestly.
            But they did grab a ton of money from whales? Not to mention New World also sold cosmetics. We all don't know what is happening there at Amazon and all we can do is speculate. Who knows, Amazon might even be the botters selling gold? /s
    Oh god…\*new world flashbacks\*
        The thing is now New World is getting the good changes, when all of the players already quit.
            Let’s just hope that Lost Ark doesn’t walk the same path…
                I’m hoping not too since I really enjoy the game but it’s not looking so good at the moment
            it's still a completely bugged mess tho and almost everyone playing it thinks the combat is terrible now (the only good thing it had going for it on launch) The New World subreddit is filled with negativity almost exclusively even in the past week. (no idea myself, haven't played since I hit max lvl like 2 weeks in)
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for the support and understanding of the player's frustrations.
i parked at 1340 main and just play on alts until they fix their shit if nothing changes just gonna quit, not having high hopes after new world, amazon is just too greedy
My favorite comment translated from a KR player on inven

“These bastards are doing this while knowing the results after testing on us lol”
It feels good to have the Korean community interested in our version too. You really care about the game.

Thanks for the post, I'm sure SmileGate will notice it way better there than in reddit

For me, it's sad that we are missing original contents like abyss/guardian challenge and guild events (gvg, boss, etc). They delayed the game 3 months to give more content but didn't introduce yet crucial endgame content
Thanks for continuing to put the pressure on them, no matter how little it may seem. Things need to be addressed. They've yet to release this roadmap after we've heard it's been in the works for like.. week and a half-ish now? There's so many things they need to address.
    They still haven’t released a roadmap for New World..
    Actually they promised a roadmap when the game released so we can say a month, even if they had to see how the progression was and edit that, then why announce it lol
rip Amazon reputation in KR lol

&#x200B;

imo 90% of this shit has Amazon involved , KR RU veterant has said it , even the Poland guy who memeing the game said it , AGS already got the patch and the way they put in the game is AGS decision , so they just give us a new car named Argos but forget to pass a key 

&#x200B;

People who said AGS has no power in charge of this are delusional , this is not the first time company like AGS publish KR MMO which follow a different path , not just MMO , other service game as well , the first time i saw people dupe Platinum Pack and Crystaline Aura from the pack i already know who put this pack into the game lol
    Im honestly amazed by their ability to create duping glitches.
I would just love that people that are still in T1-T2 did not voice opinions that "it's fine, why you complain, just take your time". I currently stopped playing at 1030 but fully understand how discouraging it is to "progress" only due to luck for couple of weeks while having nothing engaging to do except doing the same content on alts. They still think it is overreaction simply because they can progress super easily and project that feeling thinking 1340-1370 is similar.
    [deleted]
    they are just stupid ppl, with lack of empathy.. like its gonna happen to them too but they just cant comprehend in their brain that they are affected as well just later when they reach that point
    I think people would be more willing to accept the 1340-1370 difficulty if there was more shit to do. It's a wasteland.
Thank you!!! Repeating the same mistake twice and it sure looks like a cash grab. Feels like a slap in the face from the developers to NA/EU.
    Sad part is it also feels like a bit of an incompetent one since they could've had a lot of skins out to make a few more bucks from folks swiping to get their desired ones. Y'know, since they planned to core out their playerbase in the T3 deadzone.
I've averaged roughly 13hr/day and am 1355.  I didn't go hard on my alts, barely touched them outside the first week.  I'd have had to go hard and raise 2 or 3 alts to t3 when I got my main to t3 to have made it time for argos raid, possibly.  It's rough...
    I resonated a lot with something that some youtuber said; The people who are pissed are exactly in our range. The over 300 hour F2P/low spender, because it's not really rational that we averaged SO many hours only to land in 1350 with no chances of making it through.

I'm personally taking the time to get my roster up, since I understand it's a core feature of the game and I should work on my entire roster for future content and funneling, but still, shit really -is- rough.
I don't know why they decided to slam the brakes so hard on such a strong start. There's a marked decline in steam numbers since the argos patch, and I don't believe it's simply because of the bot banwave. Is Amazon desperate to recoup cash for New World or something? Can't blame ppl for quitting now if they pull this off in just a month of release.
    New World was a massive success monetarily, they sold so many copies and will be able to shut down the servers soon since nobody is playing the game. Easy hit and run for them, so I don't see why they'd be strapped for cash and needing money more than normal due to something about NW
It's wild that Koreans agree with us because there's a disturbing amount of NA players on this subreddit that don't.


You really have to sit there and wonder the mental state of some of the people on this subreddit.
i completely understand why people are angry. blatantly artificial timegates are fucking dumb. ags/sg went out of their way to make the worst version of lost ark across all the regions. shits crazy too because i know for a fact that a large majority of the players were enjoying the game until they deliberately made it worse for players.

sg absolutely knows this isn't good for the game. they literally have no excuse.

ags also absolutely knows this isn't good for the game. they also literally have no excuse.

these morons have the solution in the kr/ru versions of the game but would rather not use it for some god forsaken reason.

i've been stuck at 1355-1362 for about a week now. and i personally don't mind it as much as other players, but nobody should ever defend this bullshit. there's plenty of ways for ags/sg to sell pixels in their shop, making the game objectively worse should never be an option. the only thing that annoys me is the fact that this kind of shit fragmented the ability to play the game with my group of friends, where all four of us are now working on different number values depending who got luckier.

it's actually the dumbest shit i've ever seen. especially considering how a version of this patch almost killed the game in korea.

and i don't even think it's a money thing either. gamers will literally throw their wallets at some of the skins in the korean version of the game. but if ags/sg is so greedy that they'd rather sell pixels that players will willingly delete because they've rigged their game to do so, then fuck it, all of us might as well stop playing now.

and i'm not surprised at all by bullshit like this coming from ags. in new world, their own in house disaster of a game, they spent months ignoring fixing their dogshit game so they could slap on timegates to keep people playing. all so they could buy themselves extra time while they pump out dogshit skins in their cash shop and deliver half-assed patches that never resolves any of the games problems. but that doesn't excuse smilegate at all, they also wrote off on this horseshit in lost ark.
We know Smilegate/Amazon will fix it, but rn I think the timing is very important, the sooner they communicate a fix with us the less people will get frustrated enough to quit, cmon gold river!!
aww, this is so nice. korea is like the big brother that is willing to jump the bullies
just wait for them to eventually change it, everyone here will be sucking their dicks saying "*omg they listened! what a great company!!!"* 

Sorry, i'm just really annoyed at the countless "lost ark isn't really pay to win" articles and videos before going 100+ hours in and eventually hit the honing failure wall... This game is absolutely pay to win, anyone who says otherwise is delusional.
    Those videos weren't delusional because that is how the game is in other regions. None of those content creators expected the western version to launch with activities straight up removed or that they would implement one of the games most infamous and worst deadzones that only made them lose players in KR. It is baffling that the western version, touted as having p2w elements removed, ended up being by far the most p2w out of all versions of the game. It is incompetence on a astronomical level from AGS and Smilegate, who does shoulder the blame cause they have more of the data of this deadzone and what it did to their playerbase then AGS does.
Although I probably agree that this simply comes down to incompetence, it could just as easily be data driven.  SMG and Amazon have all the data.  They know the stratification of their playerbase.  They know what percentage of players are at what ilvl, # of alts, and money spent.  They have data on what stages of the game and retention lead to cash shop purchases and which players need content (hint its the players with high hour counts that spend money).

The dead zone is real.  The amount of players hitting it is a lot lower then reddit would have you believe.  Once the data says that the majority of players that are not going to stay active/spend through it are advancing to it, they will magically reduce the issue, chnage rates, inteoduce catch up content, etc.   Most people hittinf this zone have 200+ hours played, a fourth of all hours since release, which the vast majority of the player base is no where near.
    While I substantially agree with you, I think the negative sentiments expressed by the vocal minority that have no-lifed this game and who are now stuck in that 1340-70 deadzone is not a good look for this game (since they're either streamers with a big audience or are spending all their time complaining on the official forums), especially when the starting zones are infested with bots as well.
I'm no business major or anything, but wouldn't a game like Lost Ark stand to make MORE money in the long run if they keep their players happy? This game absolutely kills it with skins and shop items, so keeping a player-base healthy and present would net you more gains than a one-time cash grab pressuring people to hit 1370 too fast (Argos...) Didn't they lose a ton of players in Korea cause of this?

I just don't understand the business logic here, but again I'm no businessman.
I am so, so fucking glad I've been taking this slow. I cannot imagine how irritating this has been for players that want to raid with their buddies or guild immediately. I'm just into tier 2 yesterday so I'm not even close to needing to be worried about this. With any luck this shit will be better by the time I'm in that 1340 slog, but if it isn't, I guess I'll just start living the truest skill point grind I can, bc I ain't fucking grinding out 1370 with the pitance of options we have rn.
Where'd all the casual players go? Commenting "its a you problem for rushing to t3" or the "plAy aT yoUr oWn pAce!!!"
Anyone else feel like Amazon wants this game to fail? Like, they're actively sabotaging it? It's weird.

Maybe they're salty over New World...
reading the thread via google translate to English was surprisingly neat. some of the stuff obviously got lost in translation but it was cool nonetheless <3
I play this game with my GF. We are lvl 45 so far and the story has us participating in some kind of tournament. I don't even understand the problem, but you guys have my full support anyhow. To hell with this number which is 1370 but should be 1340 instead!
here i am at 256 not understanding anything.
    Imagine your dad tells you and your brother to meet him at the top of the 1370meter high mountain. Your brother takes the amazon brand mountain railway to the top because he has tons of money. You on the other hand think its much more reasonable to hike there because hiking is fun to you and you rather go there free. Now amazon sees that you want to reach the top of the mountain and decides to shut down the hiking path at 1340meters. 

Know you can either climb the side of the mountain where with every move you make there is a 60% chance you fall back down or you give in and pay amazon to use the railway. Even tho there is no reason for the hiking path to be closed since the exact mountain exists in korea as well where you can hike to the top with no problems.

Now people are angry because all the options to reach the mountain sucks. Either the hiking path needs to open or the climbing path needs higher chances to climb. Otherwise you just regrett even hiking to 1340m and just stop and go back down.

Im sorry im from switzerland i only know mountain or bank analogys
        lmao banger last sentence
        Holy shit I'm using this analogy every time I can from now on.
    So cute dude KEKW
Thank you for the support!
Save us Korean bros ! Thank you for the Korean community's concern . We really appreciate you guys letting smilegates devs know as well. We all appreciated LA and want it to be a good gaming experience.
1350 here stopped the game until we get something more fun to do. Sad because I love it but rn the dead zone is just unfun to the max and I don't want to play tons of alts
Its stupid to seperate Amazon from Smilegate. They are doing this both. Smilegate has all the metadata they could ever need and they certainly advise amazon.
    Smilegate can advise Amazon but I'm sure Amazon has more power because they are the PUBLISHER and Smilegate is developer in the west region. But SMG should have warned Amazon about this issue more. It creates bad bad reputation for both Amazon and SMG
I thought we finally have devs that care about player kind of game from all the things veterans player have said. This is terrible for perception of the games for sure.
Can someone explain this to a complete beginner?
    The game gives you a raid for 1370 item level but no way of reasonably reaching it without using your credit card even tho in korea there are multiple ways to help you reach 1370. basically the release order favors pay to win players
I couldn’t agree more. As a player who has strictly and only played league of legends for the last several years, it has been such a fresh breath of air to find a game that has taken my attention away from league. I didn’t intend on playing Lost Ark because it didn’t look like a game I would enjoy. However, after a trial run I was hooked. I am obsessed with the graphics, gameplay, massive map, collectibles, etc. I genuinely enjoy almost everything about the game. There are a few features I wish the game had like being able to preview some of the cosmetics such as ship skins, etc. I also wish the game had a tmog system like wow since some of the outfits are gorgeous…but those are all like niche things that don’t really relate to actual gameplay. 

I really like the gameplay. Some of the abyssal dungeons and such are really unique and fun to play. But like Asmon said, the game is becoming increasingly more and more frustrating. I have yet to even make it to tier 3 yet (1100 ilvl). I started playing a day or two after the official launch day. I do my dailies & weeklies, I get my extra honing materials from the chaos dungeon exchange, from the ship outside each dock, and I’ve gotten every possible resource from islands and I still haven’t hit ilvl 1100. 

Idk if anyone on this sub has ever played Black Desert Online (BDO) but the system for gearing up feels very similar which was my initial and main reason for quitting BDO. Upgrading your gear felt impossible unless you were p2w. I want to play casually and I don’t want to spend money on the game since it is “free to play” but it is absolutely infuriating when you obtain just enough materials from your dailies to attempt one (two, if you are lucky) gear upgrades. It is even more frustrating when you fail them day after day. 

So you are then faced with three options.. 1) you feel compelled to spend money to progress. 2). you very slowly upgrade your gear piece by piece by gathering honing materials through dailies/weeklies (I have been stuck on 1060-1080 for about a week now). 3) you grind out multiple alt characters to farm materials you can funnel onto your main character (which means you will be spending a significant amount of time on the game playing on multiple characters). 

Overall, I love the game and it is a breath of fresh air for me personally. But it is becoming increasingly more frustrating and stale since I just sort of feel stuck.
I’m pretty sure this problem will be addressed in a week or two. There is a 16 hour time difference between korea and west coast. Any email between them is going to take a day to respond unless one party over-stays regular working hours.
Bro, they banned our KR boy on the LA forums. Why they gotta do him dirty like this?
Thank you, I like to keep the community together
There’s actually a good chance of this working. Smilegates mobile game epic7 received heavy backlash for a few things and they changed them.
the korean player who expressed his support for us has been banned from the forum by ags, try to spread this thing so that it gets visibility.  
  
topic:  
  
https://forums.playlostark.com/t/korean-users-are-on-your-side/268018  
  
user account:  
  
https://forums.playlostark.com/u/SooYeung
I'm happy that Asmon is representing the T3 playerbase, but from my POV, I'm not affected by any of this. I have 300+ hours into the game, and only bought the gold founder's pack.

I'm enjoying the game everyday at my own pace, and I have 4 characters atm. I don't really have any issues finding things to do.. in fact, there's TOO much to do and too much I want to do and not enough time lol.

But overall, I can definitely understand how people in T3/1340 can feel frustrated if their goal is to do the Argos raid. For me, I just don't have a feeling of rushing to it or anything cause there's still the earlier content for me to conquer.
    Im where you are; 330 hours in to the game and i'm bored out of my fucking mind.

I've done igrexion for 3 weeks now and my chaos dungeons. I've been saving mats ever since I went to 1345. 

I'm not that interested in sitting 5hours straight doing adventure journal (i know skill points etc is important) or farming mokoko seeds and i'm not big on alts. 

I want harder content, argos, legion raids, hard mode dungeons, new guardians but i've been timegated or forced to spend money for 0 reason other than they want to make more money from whales.

To say that you aren't affected by it is just plain wrong. If you ever wake up one day and feel like doing any challenging content, you won't be able to because you haven't spent any money.
        I feel the opposite: I am interested in progressing my adventure tome and finishing up my remaining islands. I even want to sit there for an hour and do nothing but fish. But I feel like I have to spend all my time doing the same fucking chores every day: chaos dungeon on all 3 of my characters, unas on all 3 of my characters for the important reps some of which have me dependent on time gated events, Igrexion 2x/day on main, get my guildmates to speedrun some graids on alts every 2-3 days to use up some rest bonus, do a couple low level abyss with guildies, chaos gate, ghost ship, world boss, anguished isle, adventure island, PvP weeklies, rapport (which I'm gated by charisma on half of them btw), cube, boss rush....by the time I get through all the "have to do"s for the day I don't even want to do the stuff I originally wanted to do, I want to just go do something else with my day because 6 hours have gone by and I don't want to spend 14h a day on this shit after having done so for a month already

It really irritates me that this game doesn’t let me play it the way I want to play it, AND when I do play it the way they want, I'm stuck waiting to get to 1370 while I watch RMTers sell their tripods and accessories for tens of thousands of gold each. Never had this issue in OSRS or GW2
            Getting gated on rapport sucks ass especially since real money costumes gives charisma and shit.


Why do you feel like you need to so chaos dungs etc if you just want to progress tome or go fishing? Sure, you need to hit t3 to unlock punika but other than that, there's 0 reason to do chaos/raids except to further your ilvl which for you is not something you care about.

Am I misunderstanding something? Honest question, not trying to tell you how to play
        the game has been out for less than a month. there's a wealth of content there, if none of it interests you just go play something else until they release more.
            The problem is when they release more, if its all post 1370 content, you'll still have to grind past the wall.
            Except you can't reach endgame content when you are back. So it's more like go play something else and never come back
            the wealth of content being mokoko seeds, stronghold and fishing?
    what does that have to do anything?

&#x200B;

just because you are a turtle?

i mean you are affected by this as well, once you hit t3

&#x200B;

doesnt matter if you are fked now speeding to t3 or fucked in 3 years, once you are at that point you are fked

&#x200B;

actually you with your turtle speed would be even more fked, so isntead of 1 year of progressing in t3 you would need 10 years lol

&#x200B;

so yeah it does affect you, in the future...

unless you hope for it to change.. which everyone here is trying to make it happen..
        I apologize if my post came off the wrong way. I definitely feel for the people in T3 as I stated. And yes, I do hope for it to change as well. 

And also, I appreciate your reply but is it wrong to value other things? What you consider "turtle" is something I value. I value collectibles, adventure tome, mokokos, island souls, stronghold, life skills, etc. I like doing that stuff :)

I also enjoy making alts and playing with friends who are behind and helping them out.

Don't get me wrong, some of my favorite parts of the game are the raids, dungeons, etc. They're super fun and feels great once you conquer 'em, especially at the exact ilvl. I just like to balance everything out and not focus on only one thing - but yes, again, I do hope for a change. Sorry if I didn't state that part.
            sorry i m an ass :D

obviously you are very reasonable, i just thought you were one of those "i enjoy the game so everything is fine" guys...

sry for my rant, nothing wrong with what you do and the pace is perfectly fine

there are people tho that just do things their way and ignore all other problems and i mistook you for one of those
    But it is great that you actually acknowledge that other people have a problem. Most people only see themselves and are like "dude, why are you complaining, take it slow and play alts".   
I am an alt guy as well and I am super happy that there are discussions about problems i have not yet run into.
I finally got my main to 1325 today and after doing all my dailies and doing the abyss raid...it does feel really empty until you hit 1370-1375. It definitely feels like there is a lack of content. Majority of guardian raids and better gear are basically unattainable for months due to how high the ilvl requirements are. I have about 280 hours. Grinding up until now has been satisfying. What I really dislike is the lack of resources available once you enter T3. Your upgrade path drastically comes to a halt. Grinding for hours on end in Chaos Dungeons burns you out and the materials you get from the shards at the mat shop are really expensive. This is why it feels horrible when you fail your honings..and knowing that it will get progressively worse makes me want to stop playing on my main. I'm still enjoying working on my alts, but what happens when they reach 1325 too in about 2-3 weeks?... if nothing changes by then, I'll probably quit. I'm completely F2P as I wanted to see how bad the P2W is in our version of the game. As of right now, its not looking to good. Only money I will spend in games are skins, and there is a total lack of skins in this game as well, which are a huge deal to me which is already making me want to quit the game.
[deleted]
    I think the dynamic between smilegate and Amazon is very imbalanced. They are definitely not equals at the table. Smilegate recognized their error in KR about 1340-70, apologized and made changes. They also said they didn't want to censor LA. 

Moving yoho and oreha hard to 1370 seems like an Amazon decision to force people to swipe on this instead of the many awesome skins that are not being released
        Maybe the devs who have clearly shown they know how to understand the flaws of the game and fix them in such a way where the game becomes extremely popular, have completely abandoned all that knowledge and good will in order to fuck us over.

Or maybe the greediest company in existence with a proven track record of fucking over their customers and ruining their games is back at it again.

Really hard to say which one it is!!!
            Lmao well put
[deleted]
This is the last Korean MMO I'll be playing. I was burned by BDO and Archeage and swore the genre off, but all the hype about this one respecting your time and my Ragnarok Online nostalgia got me to give it a chance I wish I hadn't given it. I'm done.
I hope that they can actually do something from the dev side...because right now we have no idea what is their deal with AGS and they may have more power than what we think...in the worse case AGS may be calling the shots when it comes to content management(god I hope not, NW was enough)...  
the lack of heroic and the rotative dungeon trully feels off, it is content from T2 and we got T3 at launch, it makes no sense for the game to lack that bit of very important content for gearing...
    I definitely think it's AGS calling the shots. Releasing only one skin - one of the worst selling ones in KR - and bumping yoho and oreha hard to 1370..
This is 100% Amazon and Smilegate is simply maliciously on board with it.

We saw the signs of Amazon's influence early on. They censored every skin in the game. They had NPC alterations done entirely themselves. They had the rapport system changed.

Publishers generally get a lot of directive decision making in games, but in this case... Amazon seems to be the primary decision maker; and a bad one at that.

This game is being ran in very much the same way New World was ran. Bugs are not getting fixed or mentioned. Skins are released one at a time to maximize profits on them. Content is pushed out only to the top 10%. Community managers instead of communicating the direction of the game are designated for damage control, and sometimes go days without recognizing major issues. Just look at the most recent bug with DST and the compass. How do you not even put a response out on a Monday, 24hrs after the bug was introduced?

The bottom line is Amazon and their entire gaming department are unqualified, arrogant, maliciously greedy, and neglectful. The people at the top are not interested in the health of their product, nor do they understand MMOs or games in general. I feel like they hired some people that played candy crush once and convinced executives they could handle the gaming division. They're grossly unqualified. The executive staff for New World should have been wiped clean 3 months into release for how poorly they handled things.

As long as Amazon is tied to the game, it will have major problems. They have now permanently ruined their reputation in the industry. Make no mistake, this is all 100% Amazon. Smilegate is not without blame, as they definetly are allowing this circus to continue, but it's clear they're allowing Amazon to make primary decisions, and that may be contractually required.
I just think it's sad.

Yes, I'm having fun in my own manner, but the way this whole thing was built makes me believe our build was made to maximize launch profits without any regard for player satisfaction.

This build disabled the PvP vendor, PvP ranked, abyss event, guardian event. They all have 1 thing in common, 0   incentive for profit.

It just makes me believe that Smilegate wanted 100% of the players to join the t3 honing giga-slogfest  in which you either pay or barely progress, they even added island quests and nerfed fights to help you get there.

Even if it was by incompetence (I highly doubt), Smilegate's profit plan massively overstayed it's welcome, the West held the company in very high regard before launch, we expected clarity and respect for the playerbase, I hope them trading that for more ₩ is worth the effort it will take to gain our respect once again.
I don't know what's going on and at this point I'm too afraid to ask
When Korean's say the game is too grindy that means I have no desire to touch end-game
I stopped playing Lost Ark to play Elden Ring for a while, and coming back to all this is pretty shitty. Hope they don't ignore the community and actually address these issues
    Im trying to play both... with 9 chars in LA... and a job....... which ends up playing 1 char in LA and maybe messing around and doing alts on weekends with catchup mechanics haha, but surely these 2 compete hard for me, 2 games i waited for came out almost at once :(
Spread the word guys!! Hopefully Smilegate get the message and whoever is responsible can fix the issues. Appreciate the help from the community
wow, i cant remember agreeing so much with a content creator on a game i like...
Can't believe that now I'd rather have Nexon or gameforge as publishers instead if AGS
Asmon is the mmo Jesus
instant gratification mindsets have ruined the grind and long term viability of MMOs
I'd like to think it wasn't Smilegate because they've made this mistake before and suffered the consequences. It makes no sense to recreate the same problem that caused thousands of players to quit. This is more in line with how Amazon operates.

Getting downvoted by amazon shills lmao
Smilegate should self publish in the West no matter how long it would take for that to happen.
Hahahhaah are you surprised? Honestly?

First time playing a Korean game in the west???

THEY ARE ALL THE SAME, WAKE UP!

They launch with the same versions as. KOREA in chronological order.

That means every patch pretty much is the same ones Korea got over a year ago.

They do this everywhere a few examples BDO and Elyon, where they straight up legit just push patch after patch with the same stuff the Korean versions got, just years behind!

The game is a joke, people spending on it are jokers.

Enjoy the clown fiesta, the only thing worse than Korean MMOs is letting Amazon be any part of it.
Well, not saying that Asmongold it wrong, but I think we also forget that the point of the game is probably NOT to rush all the content ASAP to get bored with it once you've cleaned it all in one month. Most people aren't even T3 and are enjoying the game, with zero whaling, and are in no hurry to reach the content that has just been released.
    This still does not answer the problem that they actively lowered honing rates and cut content that already exists.

It is not about rushing or burning out, it is about Amazon/SmileGate going out of their way to create a worse experience for free2play players on purpose.

This game is going to fall because whales are nothing without being able to brag their gear to free2play players.
    [deleted]
        If you've watched asmongold's stream you d know he's taking his time with the game, he even reads the NPC dialogues out loud and follows the story
Thats so amazon-ish behavior - fuck the really huge problems and give players few potions on weekends and solve in game timers.
Would it not have been better to put Oreha hard at around 1350 or 1360? It would drop a few pieces of 1370 gear which I believe would help ease the gap between 1340 to 1370.
well amazon being amazon seems smilegate dont have control on this version
Let's see what happens.  I'm in Tier 3 and not worried about 1340-1370, if alternate content is coming in a month or whatever.  People at the cutting edge are massively overrepresented on Reddit compared to the population as a whole.
1340-1370 is fine by me, but that's probably because my main intention is to just do the horizontal progression, hoard gold, level alts to T3. 

There's no lack of things to do in this game, but it sounds like many people don't want to do the stuff that's available. They treat this like a typical WoW expansion where you must reach the endgame raid to start playing.

There's ONE fucking raid waiting you at 1370 and people act like that 1h/week of raiding will fix all their problems. It seems like you guys are just looking for reasons to quit the game. 

It's hard to admit that "maybe this game is not for me".
    You might have a point if Yoho and Oreha hard weren't bumped to 1370. It's just a sad cash grab
    horizontal progression is the priority for a lot of people waiting on their favored class to release -\_-
    I get what you mean, I'm in the exact same position. 
 
But doesn't it bother you a little bit that you're stuck at 1340 cause you can't afford to throw 500-1000$ at Amazon? Wouldn't you like to reach 1370 by playing the game and upgrade to 1385 with ease and finally start min maxing your char a bit?

You could be doing the same horizontal stuff as you're doing now but also being able to slowly progress your main and do Argos within this lifetime, but nope, whales only sorry.

Hoarding gold and being a material farmer for the whales isn't how I imagined my role in an mmo lol
    >It's hard to admit that "maybe this game is not for me"

So yeah that tired shit isn't going to work on anyone at least not at this point.  I don't know if you're a shill or you're just stupid but the fact is you're the minority at this point.  The goading is laughable dude and whether you like it or not the changes are either going to come or you'll get a taste of how mass exodus feels in this game you're enjoying.  With your horizontal progression.  Horizontal progression that most players have already experienced and worked through since release.
        >you'll get a taste of how mass exodus feels in this game you're enjoying

bye bye, you won't be missed

&#x200B;

>you're a shill or you're just stupid

lmao it's like arguing with an 11 year old who's wrong
            All i see out of you is another entitled fuck clutching their pearls because they were got checked on their bullshit.  If you give a shit about the game you'd support the community pushing for this change, not bullshitting the public and sitting around sniffing your farts because you think your "horizontal progression" experiences are exclusive.
    i think this is the nail on the head. this endgame/raiding mentality that permeates the mmo community has given people the wrong impressions
        it's literally always existed, even 12+ years ago in the korean MMO scene, getting to the end and having the coolest items has always been the #1 goal to strive to for many players. 

It's not even a content drought. It's a content drought in between content. If argos was 1340 and we had to wait until valtan dropped, there wouldn't be drama. People would just work on horizontal content.
I pray I find a game Asmon doesn't get mentioned every day. Can't even watch another streamer in the LA category without him being mentioned. Like shit I get it ya'll love the dude but I'm trying to watch someone else.
    Same. It would be worse if you couldn't stop someone's channel from being suggested on YT. Thank god for that feature cause I got sick of seeing his clickbait thumbnails.
how is that even suprising look at new world, they destroyed own game in 2 weeks. lost ark is my last amazon game
    new world was shit from the start they didnt destroy anything, that game didnt even get patches.
The game is so great but I cant understand who designed the honing rates for T3, if it was 30% instead of 15% I would have no issues whatsoever, but 15% is just so unreasonable. I already have friends who loved the game for 3-4 weeks and have now quit after a huge honing fail streak and I don't blame them. You get like 1-2 honing chances per day after doing all the content available, and whats you reward? Nothing and if lucky +0,8 ilvl
I'm dumbfounded how I could clear out the Naruni event shop in less than 2 days and have like 5k event coins piled up. At least give out more bound honing materials from the event, so  people actually care about it.
Stop blame ppl that can affors stuff, rather blame the devs for going this Route, a game can die pretty Quick because of that, you dont habe the time or money to be 1370+ then dont be it...
Somebody has to pay server fees tho. So I'm sure in order to prevent whales from quitting. Amazon and Smilegate will slowly fix this issue rather fixing it right away. Otherwise nobody will spend money after Argos raid.
They are milking the initial hype of the game, if you really think about it, you can understand why they changed hard mode from 1355 to 1370. You either play casually and live with Fomo or you swipe, its f2p so if one quits 10 more try the game “initially”. Win win for them really. Publishers have way more say on the region they control than what people think they do.
I'm 1325 and I'm fine just sitting here. With this kind of grind/pay wall just don't be in a hurry to get to 1370. They win if you pay for it, so the simple solution is just don't. If you do you will reward their decision and will promote more of this kind of thing in the future.

Remember a future update will end this paywall with catch up mats anyway, so spending to be first is even more pointless.
Greasy slimy Amazon won’t make me swipe
I just dont like asmon.
    We don't have to like everyone but points is valid.
        It's not really a valid point, though. To say, oh, they did it in Korea. idk why they would try in the states is kind of silly. Because it's literally a different audience compared to Korea , why wouldn't they try similar things here? It may have a different reaction compared to Korea. 🤷🏾‍♀️.
Any game that charges $30-40 for a single skin needs all the rage and criticism it can get.

Numerous other issues aside.

The fact that people are downvoting this is fucking doom-level facepalm. RIP, gaming industry.
    I am a big whale in other games, but I will never ever pay for progress (as in: buy materials) and I am not going to buy an Omen set for 40 bucks. Well, maybe I am going to buy it, but I hate it. I have not finally decided yet and I don't know if I have the willpower to resist the purchase.
        Just buy it with gold
        >then you are no whale,   
>  
>  
>  
>true whales dont blink an eye abt the price when they pay
        [deleted]
            It's not "giga cheap" with gold, and it also has a time limit in the store, so people are pressured to either no-life grind away to get the gold, buy the gold from gold farmers/spammers, or spend real cash.

I've been playing since day one a month ago or w/e now, and I still only have a couple thousand gold. I don't play the market manipulation game and I use all my mats for my one character.

$20 is still offensively high for a single skin. And with the set, it's about $40 to get enough crystals to get the skin for the armor/weapon/mount.

Entire games are sold for $40. Entire games.

There is no world in which a single skin is worth over $10. Period.

It is actually fucking insane watching people be conditioned to think $20+ for a SKIN is okay. These companies have completely brainwashed people out of their cash.
u/RavenRing:Why is no Korean player addressing the fact that our 1370 abyss hard gives legendary gear, where your 1355 abyss hard gives only epic gear? This makes progressing to 1385, and thus getting to Argos phase2 very easy. Where in KR you would only get 2 gear pieces from argos phase 1 and thats it for the whole week, you would have to wait till week three or four to be able to do Argos phase 2.

We might have a dead zone currently, but that is understandable as there is really no content past it anyway. Valtan is where SMG and AGS should be judged, if the dead zone doesn't get adressed by then, it is fair to call them out. Currently there is no reason to do so.
Problem is too many of the vocal people are focusing on ilvl and not everything else to do in the game. It takes 15 minutes to get your materials acquired daily IE Guardians/Chaos. There is so much other stuff to do in the game progress your character. If you stop focusing on ilvl and do everything else, whether you bank the mats and wait or use the mats daily and go up 1 or 2 points that is your choice, but this complaining over OMG ILVL SO HARD TO RAISE shows me that gamers these days are soft.
    People like you are just so damn ignorant. The whole problem is that there isn't any other way to progress your character pass the gap outside of doing braindead easy content for 4-6 weeks. Do you even play this game or are you here to just be a condescending asshole for fun? Maybe if content wasn't gated by ilvl and instead of skill, there wouldn't be complaints. Then again there are shitters like you who probably cried about T1/2 guardians.
        skillpoints? stronghold? island hearts? etc...? Stop being a fucking baby, I'm 1353 btw and had no problem with any of the guardians cause the content isnt hard.
So the thing is before LA was ever released in the west. A lot of people were already calling it P2W. So a lot of these streamers ensured that the western version will be less P2W and Amazon is working to make the game very F2P friendly. The ironic thing is we are getting the real Korean experience since you guys had to go through a shit T1, T2 experience. I guess AGS or SG want the western players to experience those pain points too LMAO. On top of that it feels even more P2W with all these bots running rampant and the 1340-1370 deadzone, as well as the early Argos release.
    just a small correction,we got a WORSE version of the game than people in KR.
        Wait I thought thats what I was saying lol. We are forced to grind through the "failed contents" aka T1 and T2. On top of that its actually more P2W with the deadzone and early Argos release.
I havent joined the subreddit of lost ark yet and i will never and i hope i get no more notifications.

The only notifications i get are always people complaing about something in the game and compares it to KR and literally cries.

I know that the honing can be frustrated i also witnessed it befor even hitting T3 and i can kinda agree to the fact, that the matchmaking will always get the higher geared person. I mean who doesnt.

But what really bothers me is the constantly crying over the game eg. We are NOT KR, its NOT beta anymore stop beeing like this. There are a lot of things youw can do beside pushing to endgame after a month. Once everyone reached the highest gear the people are going to cry that there is no more content after that. It makes me really sick seeing this EVERY SINGLE DAY. 

You guys are literally acting like little child. Is the world going down by tomorrow ? What is the point in even rushing it ? Do alts, do Islands, get all mokokos, do lifeskilling or help other peoplee in raids without taking any gold. Its not that hard ffs. I hope they will add downgrade when failling so 3/4 of all lost ark subredditors can leave the game.
    Go away
    [deleted]
That's 100% Amazon games problem. 

Smilegate is a advisor and game development company. Publisher is AGS.
    Smilegate has done shit like this before. Your hate for Amazon is justified but they are both at fault.
        https://www.reddit.com/r/lostarkgame/comments/tedzff/ideal\_la\_in\_naeu/
    You should google translate the link OP posted. People are shitting on smilegate way harder.
2 things are not going to change tho.

1. It is a free to play game so they need a good amount of whales to support the game.

2. And therefore RNG system is going to stay forever until game dies out.

Just look at how much they don't care about skins. Even tho they got many skins in Korea, the real money comes from honing.

I'm not saying it is bad but it is going to stay there forever. So people with zero tolerance toward grinding system should really think about quitting it.
    no one's saying RNG or the store are bad
am i taking crazy pills? it's a p2w game. they're not trying to make people happy. they're trying to make money off of whales and encourage people to become whales. the koreans are really good at getting to the point. they will create shiny pretty things, but what they want is all the cash you have so that you continue buying shiny pretty things. if all newbies quit, but they retain a large pod of whales they're still coming out on top.

i mean it's only been a couple of weeks and whales have already spent tens of thousands of dollars each.

think of lost ark as an exclusive club that caters to the extremely wealthy. they allow a few plebs to enter for free for the sole purpose of trying to catch the easily addicted that although are not wealthy in real life are still willing to put every penny they have into the game just to brag about in-game progress. and the beauty of it is that lost ark devs never have to slow down content release because it encourages more spending!

i'm just super confused because everyone is upset at pretty much the fundamental reason why lost ark is f2p. lost ark is f2p because it's p2w. really no different from any of the thousands of east asian games designed exactly the same way.
i don't get why people didn't expect this from a korean p2w MMO, of course stuff is going to be gated, it's how they've always done things
oh not this guy again bitching and ruining games. Look at WoW, all those bitching from this guy and viewers and they just went downhill from there.
I dare to say I am okay without a t3 honing buff if there are more ways for me to acquire materials.

I know some of you are okay spending 10 hours doing inf chaos, but at that point... It might be better off if I just go the credit card route.
Lets hope AG/SG respond to these concerns  sooner rather than later.  Its a critical time for player retention and the wall at 1350 is immense at the moment.
Thank you KR friends <3. Please try to make Smilegate Director talk to Western players as soon as possible :(((
As dumb as it was for them to prioritize Argos over everything else, it's thanks to the train wreck that's followed that I was made aware of how awful T3 feels right now and so I stopped caring as much about being stuck in late T2. Realizing that there's only so much content that I don't have access to yet (and that the honing rates only get worse!) helped me chill out and start focusing more on side progression like island souls. Definitely having so much more fun than I was like 2 weeks ago getting salty about hitting the pity rolls on upgrades.
That's the biggest problem for me, it's not that they made this mistake, it's that they already tested and knew the outcome and still repeated it.
Seems very much like they wanted to try their original plan again on a different audience to see if it works. There’s no way any of this shit wasn’t calculated.
Disappointed... In amazon and smilegate
It's really weird how even before release I was hearing that Smilegate had issues with pushing content too fast and had to adjust in KR.

When the director said they'll push Argos and Legion raids as fast as possible that was kinda worrying, but I thought hey they'd get us some catch ups or something if they really rush it.

But no, they are actually just doing the same mistake again. There's no way they didn't see the problem with it.
Im still at 460 ilvl so im definitely noob. But i want to know what's going on. Why the 1340 ilvl is a paywall? The gameplay is so badly affected for this ilvl problem?
    Beyond 1340, honing requires a ton of mats and gold with ridiculously low success rates, gives 5 ilvl per honing level (0.8 per piece), and doing your daily content without any alts let’s you attempt 1-2 honings per day. If you want to speed things up and you have tons of gold to buy mats on the AH or convert gold into gems to buy out Maris shop, it’s extremely expensive. Like $2,000 of gems/gold if you want to pay your way from 1340-1370. On top of that, there isn’t really any new content between 1340 and 1370, aside from a chaos dungeon that you can endlessly grind for a small amount of mats that suffer from diminishing returns.
        Just wanted to clarify something in your post for people not in T3 when you say honing gives +5 ILvl. That is +5 per piece so honing one piece gives 0.83 to total ILvl.
[removed]
Pretty insane ppl see this and still think everything is all Amazons fault. Hold Smilegate accountable, they knew about this problem.
Why is this even happening?

SG knows the problem. They had the same in KR. So why the fck is it now in EU/NA?

Do they let AGS do w/e they want, no matter how stupid? Do they simply don't care about the western version ans only focus on KR? Do they want the western version to fail?

This whole situation makes 0 sense.... we clearly can't relay on AGS. So let's hope SG has some integrity left...
I'm at this wall right now unfortunately. I log in to do my dailies and upgrade what I can. Other than that I try to continue on with my roster quests and islands that I can do. But as I do those I just feel so drained knowing I'm not really progressing. 

I don't see me playing a few more days before I log on to do my chaos and guardians only. I've already went back to the game I dropped for lost ark since release. I hope  they fix this bridge that feels endless right now.

There's people who try to brush this off as, "well! I don't feel this way yet!" Like okay good for you but you will get to this point sooner or later. And since people are already stuck here don't brush away their issues because its not affecting you yet.
I just don't understand when there are so many things from the original Korean version they could've release for us, and they choose something so wrong. It's like they are not thinking of long-term operation benefit; instead, they immediately go for short-lived milking strategy.
I don't have any evidence so I could be wrong about it, but if this has happened in KR before, and its happening again in the West, this is just a quick cash grab by the higher up people.
All my guild are reaching 1340 and then stop playing until honing gets buffed like KR/RU and oreha/yoho downgraded to 1355.
It is great to see support from Korean community, i am hopeful that you guys will help us reach our voices to developers.
Amazon/SmileGate releasing Argos first and not releasing the other honing mats dungeons like Abyss Trail, Chaos Challenge and Ridge is a clear indication that they are aware of what they are doing.

It requires an informed decision to tell the team to "Release Argos in next patch" knowing well that most players do not have the resources to reach the required item level unless you're playing 10-12 hours a day on 6 alts or an omegawhale.
I hope they do something as it's sad looking at player counts going down every game. I understand this happens anyway and there's people playing wow/elden ring. I don't want this game to die though as I am having loads of fun playing it.
After playing new world and hearing other bs about them, I've learned Amazon only does things for money. If it fails, rather than fixing it, they have no problem abandoning the project.
GG bitches....

&#x200B;

(bitches = anyone involved in this dead zone shenanigan)
hu pitty, so you can't do endgame within a months? what a lame game. where you actually had to enjoy the bloody journey, what a silly idea!

how dare you, smilegate and amazon!
I am so grateful for this. I love the game so much but i am trully worried where it goes.i hope they will listen to him asap. Thank you trully.
Thank you Korea
I am sure T3 players are around 1% of people  but still it will be good to have some changes now.
It's such an easy fix... change honing base chance from 15 to 45. Solved.
FeelsStrongMan Clap 

KR big brothers looking out for us
From a western player, sincerely: 감사합니다
Upvote this to oblivion please.  I hit T3 feeling pretty accomplished, but the wind was very soon taken out of my sails when I saw the upgrade costs.  I won't be crafting beyond 100% honing chance with costs like that, not even 90% because I have failed on 90 so many times.  I'll go do collectible stuff or would just straight up quit.  I'll gladly spend real money on things like inventory space, or cosmetics, but I'm not paying for item level.
I decided to stay at 1340 for the time being and start focusing on getting my alts into and through T2.
I only have one more alt in T1 and I am considering spending gold on getting this alt to T2 aswell.

I will then focus on getting alts to Feiton before pushing them into T3.
This will take some time to do and not give me more T3 mats for the forseeable future but it will give me plenty of T2 mats to get the roster to a comfortable 1k+ where the Guardians aren't an absolute shitshow compared to Rohendel and Yorn.

Unbound T3 mats are going into the AH for the time being to fund more blue crystals so I can keep pumping Life Skill Potions until Fishing and Excavating are also level 30.

So far everything has been steadily progressing with the exception of daily guardian kills. They just take too long to go through 14 of them every day.
I'll do erection and Levanos or w/e he is called and my alts will suffer slower progress and a potential lack of leapstones for the time being.

I am in no rush for Argos and I am willing to give Amazon/Smilegate time to implement honing changes and the other material avenues before making any attempt at 1370 but the big goal will be 1385 for the honing research for the alts.

My foundation and commitment to being a skin only spender is completely based on a strong roster that can efficiently pump materials and gold.

Hopefully it works out.
Koreans bro are too kind
Eyyyy thanks korean bros
It's a shame Amazon isn't
I've been on (RU) for over a year...lots of other English-speaking players still here too. Now that you NA/EU guys have a good understanding of the game why don't you just switch servers and play the game with a better publisher (all publishers are bad, but Mail.ru is a lot better than Amazon!)

Personally, I have zero desire to do raids so I'll just keep all my guys at 1340 - 1350 and call it a day! :D
I still don't understand why they changed both Igrexion to 1340 and Yoho to 1370, and the Hard Dungeons to 1370 either.

All of this just for the new Chosen set??
    It's as if they thought it was a good idea to give these content a new set but forgot to plug the 1340-70 gap after doing this change...
They copy paste without understanding
Thank you dad 😭
ι αμ i am so happy that i am a casual away from the 1340 hell
all im doing is farming mats and waiting for them to do something about this but he is 100% correct.
KR players <3 \^\^7
I don’t see why they can’t just implement honing catch-up once a raid releases. Let the whales get there first, and the rest of the population will get there in a few days. No reason for it to take weeks/months just because someone doesn’t want to swipe. That’s just an unreasonable amount of time imo.
Context for someone who is at work and can't go on youtube?
As a F2P stuck at 1355, the biggest issue to me is feeling forced into content due to there being nothing to do. I dont mind having an alt (got one in t3 now) but feeling like I need a huge stable to support my main to have the _chance_ to progress to be able to access content is just awful.

I look eagerly at the Legion raids, challenge guardians, and other stuff to do with my character that involves actual combat but then I realize I can only do a total of 6 things and its back to the alt mines to wait until tomorrow.

Its the prettiest waiting room I’ve been in though.
I’m 1360 and feeling stuck. It really feels like a proper deadzone. In t1 and t2 i felt like i always had content to do, now it’s do my daily stuff and hope my honing is successful. I’ve been playing my alts as well and that has been enjoyable as they are in t2 so plenty to do on them.
Really wish we had the pvp vendor, Yoho being 1355 etc.. Idk feels like New World all over again. 
All my friends are quitting in the 1340-1370 deadzone and it sucks. They have started to call it the logging in to do your dailies on WoW treatment.
Its very possible that they were not planning on people playing the game 300+ hrs in month 1 lol   Maybe the wall was there to help keep future content relevant idk, which sucks but also is understandable.. Sounds like it needs to be removed now that new content is out though.   I'm almost to the wall, will have a better perspective once I hit it
Not gonna help much, but good to hear.
good message but wrong messenger, this dude gets infinite mats from his army of sheep
    He acknowledges that he's effectively a character with P2W effectiveness, but the decisions being made still worries him
It was similar to the beginning of season 2 of the Korean server. However, the difference between Season 2's Korean server and North American server is that the update speed is different.

season 2 started, and Argo came out two months later , and Baltan came out 4 months after Argos was released. In Korea, it was not difficult to keep up with the update speed even if you leveled slowly without spending any money.

  
It seems that new content is coming out quickly to match the update speed with the Korean server. However, users find it difficult to follow.
at first i was honing isnt that bad guyz while at t1 and t2 and then i hit 1340... my god someone end me.
Youtubres with something to explain :  please take the time to organise your thoughts and your explanation before you start recording. Present a clear, thought out, concise line of illustration and conclusion.  It helps avoid rambling and going over what you already said, and helps your conclusions and the main points of your argument stand out clearly.
Considering we have no direct line to smilegate and we dont know if amazon are even passing on our feedback, it means more than you could image that the KR players are helping spread the information to smilegate and gold river. Thank all of you so so much.

&#x200B;

모두 대단히 감사합니다. 그것은 많은 것을 의미합니다
I'm glad that this community actually wants the game to improve and are criticising the devs like in any other good game, unlike games I played in the past where players are told to eat sh*t, ehm BDO, ehm.
All the approaches they could've taken to make $ and they fucked the community in the worse way.

The amount of $ they could be making off aesthetic marketing and smarter shop approaches would net them a ton of more money. People would actually feel encouraged to spend money on alts and actually play them with a variety of skins and what not. Instead they are going to burn themselves out realizing it's the only way to play 1 char and not all of them.
I am at 1335 ish and am totally f2p and I have given up. I feel like I need to quit my job and make lost ark my job that u have to be at 7 days a week 12 hours a day just to get anywhere. I am forced to play alts through the same boring crap I already have done. I.e. t1 and t2. I am just walking away at this point.
There's just so much love for this game. I'm glad to be a part of the community. Hope they fix this quickly before that community shrinks too much though.
He is just bad at the game.
I've personally stopped playing because I failed too many hones. I guess I just got unlucky, but because I failed the hones a few too many times, all my friends who started with me have out scaled me. They're currently on, and want to do, content that I don't have the gear level to participate in. They don't wanna run the low level stuff, which I understand cos why waste your time, and I can't run the high level stuff. So Lost Ark became a single player game for me, and at that point I just don't wanna bother grinding out the gear. Especially when my friends are growing even faster now that they have access to higher level content which makes catching up impossible.
I am almost full F2P just around 1345 and I basically gave up all hope one any significant honing gains for the foreseeable future. I love the game and want to continue loving the game so I am doing collectibles and alts daily. I completely agree with this sentiment though..

The Argos announcement didn't even feel like it was directed at me. I am probably 300+ hours in this game and the first major content release is a pipe dream for me? Basically I came in and worked this thing like my second (third) job and they said here you get naruni racing. 

Tbh I still love the game but it is an active choice to do so. I pushed hard as far as I could as hard as I could (in a fun competitive positive way) then I realized it would be impossible to enjoy the game if I kept pushing like that because of what they announced. That is not what we want, I think.

Well said and kudos to Asmon. Maybe he should do another video for Real Life and see if we can get some changes there too hehe
I really hope they don’t kill lost ark. I’m loving the game and it would be a shame to be cryptomeria quit over some greed decisions.
Lol they are milking us there is no incompetency.
gogogogogo
God i sish black desert has this sorts of criticisms too.
Thanks for the support!
Seeing this really just made me feel how powerful this Lost Ark community is already. Much love <3
AGS has started banning people and deleting posts on the Lost Ark forum. At this rate AGS is about to kill the game just by the way they handle communication…

Is Smilegate RPG okay with how AGS is handling this? Are they even aware? We need someone with a loud voice to address this.
Can anyone explain what this post is even talking about? Like an abridged version. Whats the issue here
We just need to get the Korean subway billboards to tell the dev that the current state of things sucks
I’m not sure if this has been mentioned but is it possible that the financial numbers show this kind of “dead zone” to be beneficial to the bottom line? 

You have to think that Amazon and smile gate are in the business of making money. I assume this is exactly what they are doing.
Smilegate lul, more like Paygate
Going to leave this here... this guy says it right. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/lostarkgame/comments/tf23r6/i\_understand\_the\_game\_has\_issues\_but\_this/
Yup that's the most upsetting part. It's either sheer incompetence or malice. Either way it's an incredibly poor way to start off a game that had all the hype and excitement behind it.
    True. Even pro-amazon people on the forum don’t even attempt to defend oreha/yoho hard mode being at 1370,  their intent is just hilariously obvious.  Other servers didn’t have this, so I’m assuming this is just Amazon doing what Amazon does best. Pure malice & greed.
        The greed part is what gets me, skins sell like hot cakes in games like this, and for a lot of people the skins and dressing up are some of their favorite things to do. Playing on Russian servers for a few months, the abundance of skins in both the cash shop and on the auction house were staggering.
            Then what the F are we doing here in NA and EU with what, 2 skins total? And the latest one can't be dyed. Oh and it was the worst rated in KR, supposedly.

I wanted to try out LA because I always hear Asian games have literal tons of customization. Talk about a complete and utter letdown.
                Most likely another calculated move to increase profits. Players have been asking for skins, so they'll put out the worst selling skins from KR while people are desperate. Then they'll release the good skins, hoping the same players buy again.
            The main reason I want to get to tier 3 content~ is so I can make gold to buy cosmetics and collect cosmetics. But I legit feel like it is borderline impossible without spending money since I’ve been stuck on 1050-1080 for for like 2 weeks. I get 1 chance at upgrading a piece of gear (maybe 2 chances if I’m lucky) just to fail the honing day after day… really discouraging and unfun.
                [deleted]
                    Totally agree and great advice but honing Rng is huge factor too. Im f2p and t2 was super hard for me to get through even with maris shop, pirate coins, chaos dungeon, islands, everything you can think of. I even used tons of star breaths and those % honing books and had some epic fails at 96%. My best friend and wife got through t2 easy in a few days like you said. lol kinda sucked being stuck there for a week while they both doing t3 content. Its ok though, with a bit of work and some help from my friends i got to t3, but the unluck was real hahah
                        I’m stuck at t2 as well. You’re not alone, brother. The world may pass me by, but I will not swipe.
                            Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
            On launch Russia had barely any skins too though. I remember playing on launch and only had 1, maybe 2 skin in shop and the Omen pack. So in that regards it's the same as us.
        Malice, greed, and incompetence in the gaming industry. They're still releasing patches for new world that make the game worse.
            lol, didnt that die yet?

I bailed a long time ago, legit thought it would be dead by now
                20k players. Seems pretty dead to me.
                    Around 20k should be fine. 5k is probably the danger zone of having its development cancelled?
                        20k is not fine for an MMO and resources poured into it.
                            Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
                                Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
                        I mean it went from 900 k peak to 20 k peak that's really bad
                        I'll be turned off soon. 

20k people can't support any type of team. Just break out the math on what they'd have to pay to keep a dev team afloat as well as servers.
                            There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
                                Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
                            If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
                            20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
                                So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
                                Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
                            It won't
                            You have no idea how game population works
                                I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
                    Wait, are you saying only 20k players are active on ark?
                        Reading comprehension. We're talking about New World.
                            You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
                                Dude is mad he can’t read lol
                                Who insulted you, little guy?
                Yikes New World was a disaster.   
Everyone on Belovodye I sincerely hope you stub your toe on a door stopper spring thing and it echoes through the house
                Its down to 20k players spread between all their servers and continents, so theres about 100 people per server, half are bots.

Atm players are linking screenshots of the entire map being owned by 1 company on almost every server, the company is demanding AGS do anything or theyll raise taxs to max on server and get rid of the 20-40actual people left.
        Is Amazon developing NA/EU version of the game? or Smile Gate?
            Amazon is just a publisher. At least they comunicated it like it is...
                Publisher and localizer. They have some influence in things for their version of the game, but not actual dev tools. They can't break away from the design of the developers. So this decision was made together, by both parties. Or Amazon said they wanted it and smilegate agreed to make the change for them.
                    Publishers have A LOT more say then you think. What they say goes basically..
                        [deleted]
                            Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
                                [deleted]
                        When they pay for the development of the game yes, but this is not the case here, SMG didn't need any funding to push the global release i am sure
                            Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
                                I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
                                But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
                            Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
                I realy want to know where people get this idea that a game publisher has little influence over 'their" version of the game. This isn't like with a movie, game publishers can have a lot of say - up to almost complete control - over the versions of the game they distribute.      
PoE is a good example for this. The Chinese version of PoE has features the developer thinks are absolutely detrimental to the game and has stated numerous times will NEVER make it to the main version. Yet the Chinese version has these features, made by the devs at their request, because the Chinese publisher wants them in the game.       
This is just one example. The point is, how much control a publisher has varies a lot depending on their contracts and we simply do not know who is making these decisions for LOA.
                    exactly, publishers have influence on games! Are people forgetting how many beloved IPs EA has killed? Activision killed off battlefield with the hot mess that is battlefield 2042.  


Gonna add AGS to the list of publishers to avoid (Activision, EA, kakao, Gamigo)
                        Hate saying something good about Activision, but EA publishes Battlefield, not Activision.
                    Publishers have ultimate control, always. It's always been this way. 

Suddenly for this game everyone believed amazons pr bullshit
            Seeing how Gold River talked about them it seems they have at least some input on how and what stuff gets released.
        There ain't no " pro Amazon people" just ALOT of the hate is totally BS and need to be called out as such. But this is a valid point so no one defends it.
            I've mostly only ever seen valid criticism of Amazon. You don't have to try to find something egregious
                Hahaha. Good one
                Only valid ? Come on people hate on literally everything. Honing no endgame to hard to easy to long to short whatsoever m and often with Alot flaming
        Stoopz Defends it.
            Like Kim K just saying "get to work!" while being handed materials and gold by watchers.  Pisses his fans off to mention it too. He's not always wrong, but his perspective is not that of a average player.
                Stoopz was cool to watch the first day or two of launch now he’s just an air head
            Well, stoopz is a paid shill, you knew that right? And he gets free mats and gold from viewers, so he dont know this feeling we others have in this deadzone, struggling to hone.
                Calm down and breathe
                    Seemed calm enough to me.
                        Yeah, I think it was Zeals or Saint that literally called Stoopz out about it.

"His streamer success is literally riding on this game so of course he's going to downplay all the issues to make it seem not as bad. He doesn't want people to quit in protest."
                            Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
        Too much assuming and not enough thinking.
        Stop being a brain dead simp. This is Smilegate fuckup they develop the game. Can’t believe we are a month in and people still don’t understand what a publisher and developer are.
        If it was pure malice/greed we would of gotten KR's oreha hm. Or did you not know KR's version doesn't have 1340 base ilvl like argos but its just 1302 purple gear but with a +25 enhancement cap ?
    Definitely amazon forcing their hand or something.

Too many coincidences..

No released trial content south vern

Guardian bosses and hard mode dungeons increased to 1370

Argos released so early while most people are barely into t3

No honing buffs

Cost of honing not decreased

They are obviously trying to milk the whales
        Getting these PvP coins…. No PvP vendor lol.
        Yeah they need to add all that in
    I cant see it being incompetence. You have to PURPOSELY change that ilvl to a higher one for a reason.

Some guy  didnt accidentally do it. They purposely, and more than likely, had a meeting on changing that ilvl to 1370 instead of 1355. It was pure and simple malice and greed and theres really no excuse for it.
        I kind of agree with you, it is really hard to see how this could have been just incompetence but I think you can make up a scenario where it really is just that.
Remember that we've seen slides where they had planned massively buffed honing rates. These never happened for us but imagine another department talking about the 1355 to 1370 changes under the assumption that getting to 1370 wouldn't be a big deal.      
Now, according to Saintone at least, abyss hard mode and yoho only had their ilvl requirement increased but not their stats, making them significantly easier at 1370 than original 1370 content.        
With all that in mind, I can totally see their intention to give people 'easier' 1370 side content compared to Argos as to not have people run into a mechanics/skill check wall with nothing else to do.       
So yeah, with a lot of really, really bad internal communication and confusion, I think it's possible they didn't do this out of greed.
Very unlikely and not inspiring any confidence for the future either... but it's possible.
            [deleted]
                This makes total sense up until the part they normalized ilvl for Argos, so the bus doesn't make much sense anymore.
    At some point incompetence and malice converge to the same result... sadly.
        >At some point incompetence and malice converge to the same result... sadly.

It's not incompetence. Amazon knew exactly what they were doing.
    That is the most confusing part to me. “We didn’t think this would happen, we’re adjusting our roadmap based on the Argos feedback”

I mean, it’s good they’re adjusting, but holy crap is that an indictment on their abilities to design a game, and their design judgement, and their lack of understanding if they thought this was genuinely a good idea. Wow. It’s like they didn’t talk to anyone who actually is playing the game, or use any of the infirmary available to them from other markets like KR…
    There's no way this was incompetence.  Things came together too well for it to be a 'oopsie we made a booboo with progression, sowwy' moment.  They deliberately released new content gated behind an ilevel that is incredibly difficult to reach without swiping, while also using worse honing rates than other servers in the 1340-1370 range, while ALSO not giving the new regions access to as many material sources as other regions.  This was a deliberate and calculated decision from AGS to paywall content without *officially* paywalling.  This is disgusting conduct.  

The biggest issue is that, even if they 'fix' this try to make good on it, they have turned off a huge portion of the playerbase.  We've lost people to burnout, that happens.  We lost people because they see the botting and feel like any work they put in to making gold is wasted now.  That happens.  But for AGS to do something like this, to basically release content that is only playable by a small percentage of the population, and not because of difficulty, but because you either need to be grinding on a fuck ton of t3 alts or whale your way to the ilevel, that is completely unacceptable.
    I can't wrap my ahead around taking the worst parts of the KR experience, and doubling down to intentionally make it worse, for a Western release where P2W is at least a little more frowned upon. Absolutely wild.
    I'd phrase it as "incompetence or *sheer malice*", because incompetence is pretty much expected from AGS at this point.
    It is incompetence born of malice. AGS doesn't give a fuck about players, they only care about their big-money investors, and they'll do what ever they can to please those guys. So, when the math-nerds tell their bosses that they could be making more money by manipulating the players, psychologically, well, then, that's what they will do.
        Except it's been proven time and again happy players spend more. It's such a dumb decision because not only are they pushing away small spenders they're pushing away big whales too. Omega whales don't spend in dead games.
        dont throw this on ags, manipulating players psychologically is literally the whole game design of free to play/pay to win games. if they did it too, they just said well, the game already does it and has been founded on this very premise, lets do it a little more, no harm done, the game EXISTS ON THIS VERY PREMISE, LIKE ALL P2W DO, OF PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATING US TO FORCE US TO PAY FOR A "FREE" GAME!
    >	Yup that’s the most upsetting part. It’s either sheer incompetence or malice.

It's both, from AGS. They are nothing but a clown show. They've proven this with every game they're in charge of
    i cant agree more with this

&#x200B;

its as much frustrating and annoying to realize that, i hope it was incompetence and they get new people in charge of the decisions, other wise, specially if it was malice its another game thats going to die way to fast for stupid fking decisions.
    I hope it's incompetence, but not sure dude
    Get a job
Saint said it really well a few hours ago(paraphrasing) -  


"Until proven otherwise, it's reasonable for the players to assume these moves were made out of greed."  


I appreciate the game, and am willing to give the benefit of the doubt, but fail to see a more viable reason for these decisions.
    so... the opposite of hanlon's razor?
    What's a damn shame. Most players will rather quit than invest money. It's whale hunting on the cost of community health.
        Which is exactly why western releases for Korean mmos have done so poorly in the past and why lost ark had the potential to throw that stereotype on its head but it seems to have failed to do so. Maybe the problem isn't Korean game devs like we have thought all along, but the western publishers who seem to "know their playerbase".
            What do they really know? All they look at is analytics and graphs.

They see that Genshin impact makes a killing in NA and EU, they just assumed people would feel the same way about Lost Ark. whale culture is terrible for MMOs and these streamers who have too much damn money only encourage these publishers to keep doing what they are doing.

The same thing happened to BDO, despite that game losing the majority of its Korean player base from scummy micro transactions, the game is still relatively popular in the west. There was a chart that showed that NA is the most profitable region by far in that game and generates as much as the EU and KR player base combined.

This is a case of NA whale culture influencing developers/publishers hands.
                > All they look at is analytics and graphs.

"analytic and graphs" are not words to desrcibe AGS. They're ineptitude to handle even their own games are astounding. One of them even unreleased itself. The other is plagued with bugs, even ones that were reported during its meta and alpha (new world)!
                    That’s what happens when big companies think that all they need to do to get into an industry is just throw cash at it.

If AGS had hired actual quality devs with a strong background in the gaming industry and formulated their future past a monthly basis they would have had some top tier AAA games in their catalog. 

The same shit is happening with Prime Video, but on a lesser extent because they have some decent shows.
            Every KRMMO I've personally played (Blade and Soul, TERA, Lost Ark, maybe Kritika was KR I don't remember) has been a really fun game at it's core completely bastardized by monetization choices and the game gets ruined by content being paywall gated or pvp content becoming p2w.

It's happened every time. Lost Ark had so much global praise for how the KR/RU servers were, all they needed to do was bring it over 1:1 with the KR version and the game would've been the best MMO on the market.

But instead, as western capitalist companies do, they say "fuck the playerbase and long term success, let's ride this hype wave and milk out as much as we can in the first 2 months before we let the game die!"
        No, they knew that the players who went hard and hit this wall while it was a problem were the same players most likely to pay in order to break through it. They'll pretend it was an oopsie until the casuals catch up and then they'll "fix" it.

It was strategic.
            Seems to me the best way to kill an MMO.

cause once casuals hear they have to spend shit ton (1750$) to reach argos , even the casuals will quit,

Before someone come defending on this , look at steamchart cough.
        For real. I'm slow and lazy and terrible and I'm still in late T2 so I'm still having fun and haven't really hit a wall yet, but when I do, I'm not going to swipe or grind for weeks to continue getting upgrades, I'm just not going to play any more. I've got plenty of other games to play and zero tolerance for things being made deliberately shitty just to try and get you to spend.
            Whrn you hit 1340 there will be honing chances and more events like we are having. Don't get riled up because of 100 cry babies
        If I can attain the power level with a reasonable ($60) amount of money then it wouldn't be such an issue. If I pay the box price of a non-FTP game, or the equivalent of 3 months subscription for FFXIV, then I would be okay with doing this every once in a while.

But the issue is you are paying money to gamble. It could cost me $60, or it could cost me $500, or it could cost me $2000. I'm not going to take that risk because I'm not a gambling addict. I'm just going to stop playing the hard content and stop taking the game seriously, and just collect mokoko seeds then log off.
        Hopefully in the meantime more people just focus on getting alts up instead of resorting to swiping, thats what I've been doing and I'm still enjoying the game.
            Yeah but lots of clases still missing, so for a lot of ppl they are waiting for their class release.
            I am almost 1370 without swiping. It's just slower than the first two tiers but completely doable.
                Just because it's "doable" doesn't mean it's right, you know?
                    Yeah I don't think it's good game design after the fast first two tiers, but I just took a different perspective on it and accepted the slightly slower progress in that window.
                        This is the way. People are crying now, wait for ilvl 1500+ which KR has now.
                            But they've got actual content at that ilvl
                                I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
    This is my assumption, and there are several examples of it, just look at the first 2 skins they released in the shop.  Literally the least popular in all other regions.
Its not even just Argos, all of our guardians also have higher requirements to enter, Armored Scorpion is 1302, and Igrexion is 1325 in KR and I think Yoho is 1340/1355, but on our version, its 1302/1340/1370. So not only are we getting less leapstones from guardians because we need to reach a higher ilvl, it also makes the fights boring, Ive matchmated both scorpion and igrexion for awhile now, little longer then a week, and they are always 6 minutes kills, the bosses are cleared tuned to 1302/1325, and we are stuck fighting them overleveled.
    Is this why the t3 scorpion and igrexion are so easy? It's like the 1355 stuff that was made 1370. They didn't scale it up so we're over geared for it when we unlock it.
        They also just don't really do anything.  Scorpion is the same fight as before, but with some pointless adds that get blown up.  


Igrexion is a slow field and some wonky as hell telegraph slams that you've learned harder versions of already from the abyss dungeons.
            Scorpion not running away on burrow is such a quality of life difference lol.

T3 scorpion I think also doesn't do the tail grab? I died to that a few times in lower tiers. T3 was it's sort of a loot pinata.
                It's funny that he's so much easier than the first version.
                T3 Scorpion is pretty mobile (And thus, annoying to fight on my Sorc main and her cast times) but that's about all it has going for it really.
                Even if he had the tail grab by most t3 players know to stagger at this point.  Ive never had a group while i was in his ilvl bracket that didn't double break the tail.
                    just did tonight. multiple groups
            the adds if you dont blow them up can singlehandedly kill players.  They get an electricity aoe around them after like 1-3s or so of being alive and run after players and it will melt hp bars. I have to spam frequently for players to kill adds because they ignore them thinking "oh it'll jsut get aoed ig"  and they end up killing 1 or two people.
                One guy said: "no, you have to kill them and I can't help, because it will hurt my DPS too much"
                    Welcone to MVP screen mentality. Everyone is so eager to see MVP next to their name that they disregard the prime condition for that - to finish the goddamn raid in the first place.
                        Is there even any actual benefit to MVP?
                            e-peen
            From what I've seen, people have a hard time avoiding many of igrexion's attacks and eat a lot of damage, it's just that it's so undertuned that it doesn't really matter.  I don't bother to use panacea, I just let it burn.  Makes sense if he was designed for 1325.
                Yea I dont mind admitting that I have trouble dodging some of igrexions attacks but the game doesnt make me learn them either since I can just face tank them and focus on full dps. Add a support to the mix and probably dont even have to touch pots.

end of T2 was nice with the 8 man raids and so on. And now T3 is just a snoozefest again where you go slap 2 easy guardians daily, run chaos dungeon and then log off your main and go play with alts...
                Dont even need panacea if you got a paladin cleansing it off every 30 seconds.
            True the mechanics are kind of easy you could say, but there is a most likely a big different entering on a 1325 and a 1340 character for the sake of Igrexion.
        Yes I do believe so, The scorpions experience might be same since it is actually 1302 and not 1325 i made a mistake there, but entering Igrexion at 1325 vs 1340 would most likely give more "real" guardian experience. I just feel like we lose out on not accessing the content it was tuned for, leaving us: getting less daily materials from not being able to access it earlier, have more challenging content( I feel like guardians and abyss raids is the content I actually get to play my character).
        Ya I felt the same, "why are these so squishy? T2 guardians felt harder!" is what I told my friends. Even 1370 Yoho feels easy, I read a guide before I fought her talking about all these abilities turning you into a fox etc. so I'm like okay lets do this and then my party of complete randoms with no support downs her in like 5 minutes with no problem whatsoever. Everything's super easy and squishy. Even the 1370 Hardmode Oreha's Well is pretty easy/squishy.
    Armored Nacrasena is 1302.

And I won't argue that you're usually going in overgeared, but even when you aren't, they just have very little hp. I had an absolute clown fiesta Nacrasena run on one of my alts straight off Punika quests at like i1309 did nearly 50% damage, and it was still well under 7:30.
        my mistake on armored narcasena, but the other guardians do have lower requirements on other versions of the game.
            Which present a different issue. If you lower Igrexion to 1325 again players basically leapfrog Nacrasena entirely.
    I'm going to be in 1340 for a while, so Igrexion being easy and quick is a complete blessing in my eyes
        Agreed.
    armoured scorpion is 1302 in the NA version tho.
    Why the hell would they do this? I’m genuinely curious.
    what armored scorp is 1302 ilvl req man. I literally do it everyday on my alt LMAO.
> It seems like the decision to make the oreha/yoho hard mode at 1370 is also absolutely mindboggling to KR players as well, (it’s at 1355 in ALL other regions like RU/JP/KR) and there just isn’t any possible explanation for this other than that they were encouraging players to swipe to skip the boring 1340-1370 zone.

Even getting to 1355 from 1340 is at least 1-2 weeks worth of boring grinding and lull in content without swiping, a ton of luck, and/or RMT. They've compounded the shittiness and made us wait until 1370 to "start" the endgame. All because of greed and incompetence.
    true, but having *something* in the middle to look forward to and push towards helps see the light at the end of the tunnel
    I mean technically we have been playing the endgame since level 50. Not sure I agree with the statement that endgame only starts at 1370, it took me 200+ hours to hit T3.

Even still, I agree that it’s dumb to gate F2P players from touching the first official raid.
        I would heavily disagree with this statement. Endgame starts at minimum T3 (1302), arguably higher in the original version at legion raids. T1 and  (most of) T2 feel like extended tutorial.
    1355 from 1340 is really not bad if you aren't a completely braindead player. You want to be doing things that earn gold, and then convert gold to crystals and buy things in Mari's shop whenever possible. Every single player should be doing this constantly.

I started Lost Ark with several friends and while some of us had more luck than others with both market profits and honing success, we've all reached 1355 and beyond already with two of us reaching 1370+ and spending no real money besides for the Founder's Pack. Though we've all basically no-lifed the game so far, so a lot of hours spent.
        Even though that’s possible, I don’t feel it’s healthy for a game to require their players to no life it for 300 hours to reach end game content, majority of the players are new to this game and aren’t gonna have the time or want to do that
[deleted]
    I went from playing 10+ hours to quit. So many bad decisions, plus it also in my case, dsnt help to be cock blocked so hard. Like i can only do fun stuff and raids 1 time per week.
        imagine playing more than one game for a second.. or you know, a full time job... its cool to also have something that doesnt force you to no life for 10 hours a day for a change
It's either the swipe or that Amazon was not prepared enough for t3 launch. I remember with the beta everyone expected that the launch would only have up through t1 and T2, t3 would get added later. But then we ended up getting up through partial t3 and it seems like it's because Snilegate game director insisted with Amazon that legion raids should be in the game early (from the launch day Q&A with gold river). Adding legion raids is apparently what delayed the launch of the game and maybe Amazon wasn't prepared enough for t3 player experience as a result.
Thing is, players like me who don’t mind being light spenders just don’t see the “value” in spending $30-50 just to have a honing fail anyway. Even with a pay-to-progress model the incentive just isn’t there. So I’ll do my 40mins if content and go play something else. If my friends get bored before I hit 1370 there’s a good chance we’ll all just quit and move on.
Stoopzz had an interesting take on the 1370 change for oreha hard mode. Saying that they put it at 1370 and gave it good gear, in order to avoid carries of argos bring mandatory for progression. As you cant sell the argos gear, it would become necessary to clear argos in order to progress, leading to carries and a gold problem. Now with oreha hard mode dropping 1370 gear, argos is not as important, making carries less profitable and keeping the gold value in check.

But by moving the oreha hard mode they did make the dead zone worse.
    Doesn't make sense due to the botting
    Stoopzz shilling and pretending gameplay changes out of greed are actually a good change? No one saw that coming
        eh, it's reasonable because the 1370 hard modes drop argos tier armor while the 1355 don't. If people were able to hit 1370 smoothly this would be a very positive change.

Of course, people can't hit 1370 smoothly so it creates a larger dead zone and more problems.
    Sounds way too complicated for Amazon to understand
>1340-1370 zone is an absolute wasteland/newbie killer

Im pretty sure a very high % of the playerbase on the west is not even T3 yet. Its literally only the whales and players with 16hours freetime a day on their hands that got there.  Calling it newbie killer is wierd.
    Think this way, if it's killing the desire to play from players who spent 16hrs a day playing this game (your words), what's do you think it will do with actual newbies? 

Also they call newbie killers because of what happened in Korea, not because of what is happening here.
    Not really sure what playing a lot makes reaching T3 easier. You mainly need just do the islands once , and doing the daily/weekly content. Probably only 13/14-15 takes a bit longer but rest wouldnt really need that much freetime to reach T3. After 1 month most of ppl should be on T3 who plays daily.
        I think you are overestimating the average player's knowledge. If you go on foruns that have more "casual" players, most of them even know what are the islands or how to find them.
It's almost like it was manufactured to encourage spending. It's 100% the only thing that makes sense. That or more Amazon incompetence.
    Its 100% the reason, just people dont want to believe it.

It was plain and simple to milk players.
        Just doesn't make sense. If they're trying to milk money they would add so many other things like skins and honing shard boxes. It's not clear at all if this was whalebait or just a big fat mistake as a result of wanting to get us to legion commander raids as soon as possible.
    The incompetence that gave them a shitton of money by milking FOMO?
maybe they did a decision like this because of beta test
I'd be very surprised if it was directly Amazon's decision.  I doubt they'd be making as granular decisions as GS requirements.

If I had to guess, it's probably more Amazon's overall directives or targets (if they're setting any), that's encouraging these sort of decisions.
They just people to whale to 1370.. that is all.
    3 days 30kgold sellingg mats
I am pretty damn sure that it's Amazon being greedy as fuck. They want to milk the people willing to swipe, milk them hard and fast.

After milking is done, introduce honing buffs to soothe the rest of the populace. While also keeping the big fat profits in the higher ups pockets.
Wouldn’t doubt it being Amazon…. Ags has a certain way to handle things. This is coming from someone that played new world til lost ark came out. Some of the decisions they made were very mind boggling and took awhile before devs spoke out
    This is such bullshit Smilegate and Amazon are equally at fault stop the cap and blame everything on them because you don’t like New world.
        I never said smilegate isn’t at fault too. Majority is going to be Amazon decisions though. I loved new world until the end then realized how bad it was and really hoped ags wouldn’t fk stuff up. Smilegate is at fault too but do you see the only new variable compared to kr/ru versions? It’s Amazon…  smilegate should take blame too but it’s like the two posts under you stated. Publishers do have power
            Oh mb you must work there to know Amazon has full control over the direction of the patches. This nonsense, you’re basing everything on the fact that they fucked up on new world and are ignoring the fact Smilegate has fuck up multiple times. You have no idea how they negotiated things stop pretending like you work there. They are equally to blame because we don’t know how the inner works.
    they arent devs. tho they literally do not have the power to make those decisions. Please hold both accountable. Smilegate should not be allowed to dodge criticism just because you hate amazon for new world.
        stop with this bullshit of publishers not having influence and power over things. Just turn at look at how many franchises EA and Activision killed due to their greed. Even games published by Gamingo are being milked on their last legs. The chinese version of POE has features that the publishers wanted to add and the devs had to listen.
This is ridiculus that they not only make the same mistake but partly worse than before... that shows that they only care about cash grabbing and not provide a good gaming experience.
    Which was the whole sell point of the game.  That they wouldn't pull this shit.
>1340-1370 zone is an absolute wasteland/newbie killer zone

Could we not pretend that anyone in t3 is a "newbie"

Its looking like even highly motivated players get there after what, 300 hours?

Casual players will probably be closer to 400-500.

No one with that much time in any game is a "newbie"

And I'm not there yet, still in t1 myself at 200 hours, so I guess I can't comprehend how bad t3 is. But from what I've heard, its just playing the game as normal, but everyone seems manic for progress. Just take is slow guys, you'll continue leveling up. Being frantic about it isn't healthy.
    I reached t3 in 100 hours f2p, I dont know where you got your numbers from
        You have to realise that you are not an average player then. If you go sweaty try hard min-max mode it may take 100 hrs but definitely not for a normal player.
            no minmax and no sweaty play needed. my friends just played the game with knowing nothing about it and made it t3 in 100 hours by just doing the MSQ and islands for materials. they even spend time to farm for some ship sails and stuff while now sitting on 1340 and not playing anymore cause there is nothing to do in a group and the whale baiting is nothing any of us supports . so LA is on ice for a while if not forever if they dont correct those issues. like some already mentioned. LA was supposed to not do those scammy things. the director and even AGS mentioned they wont do it and then they come with all those strange changes to bait whales. the game is good but there are other games to play also.
    Its not about being manic about it. As the asmon video put it, it discourages people from lower tiers to bother investing more into the game. Like why would you bother to continue to grind when all you can look for towards is this deadzone.
I just don't get their thought process, they have all the experience of what does and what doesn't work and they went with what didn't work the first time in Korea.
Also, as a fresh start, we need to do all skill points, gather Giant hearts, Masterpieces, Rapport etc. Those things give power, u need them in end game, I as someone who played on KR, think its too fast, we have a lot of content to do beside getting to 1370, that is actually important and time consuming. Also fresh AH doesnt help. 10 guardian stones in Kr is 1 gold or cheaper. In the West at some point I was selling them for 100 gold. Thats Madness… Now Rox said they didnt have the data, I think they had about 3 years worth of data, and 3 different region starts before that.
Oreha changes may be to avoid BUS on Argos and it gives more gear per week , guardian changes to avoid skipping Necrasena. So its may be good intentions, but  rush release of Argos without weekly activities is questionable, well, we wait for official statement from AGS.
It’s likely not malice or greed, it is likely the decision made at how tier 3 was going to look like for Lost Arks release in the west. They most definitely used words like they threw in tier 3 content and will keep monitoring it. They likely made the 1370 decision computing the grind over the month.
Can’t they just changed that with a simple patch?
I mean, the starting zone is killing newbies already with massive stacks of bots.  
It's so sad...
The worse part of it is - that it would have been 100% fine if they had kept the content at 1355 (from someone that got lucky and reached 1370 this week) 

It felt soooo bad to reach 1340 and then be like well. I will be here awhile with just the one extra thing to do!
I’m going hard. Bought out maris T3 items. Collected all available mats I can muster. I’m at 160 fails and 1356. 

Unless I get insanely lucky, I won’t be 1370 for another 2 weeks. Which is fine but, what the hell are the casual players gonna do when they hit this stage? 

Numbers for casual players are going to plummet when they hit 1340.
in all honesty though. even if Oreha/Yoho hardmode wasn't at 1370 but at 1340... It wouldn't have made much difference. Its still the same dungeon and I would just be replacing Yoho with Igraxion. 

The big issue here is the dead-trap that they put on 1340-1370. The amount of materials you get daily is NOT enough vs the chance of failing. And, we believe this to be done on purpose to encourage people swiping to get their hands on those extra few tries a day.

  
for example they could have increased the amount of materials we get from the daily content. Or they could have lowered the material cost to buy additional stuff through infinite chaos, though it would be a bit boring to do chaos 2-5 hours a day for the extra materials atleast it would keep me "busy" to increase my amount of enhancing per day possible.

Right now I can't be bothered with Infinite chaos, because the amount of currency you need also goes up infinitely each time you buy something... to a point where its jus pointless to keep grinding in there.
Someone has to pay for Jeff Bezo's friend's to go into space.

Every time you swipe you're probably sending a rich celebrity into space.
What aggravates the issue is that this change was intentional and it's not just a mistake. They wanted the 1340-1370 gap to feel as obnoxious as possible in order to encourage players to swipe their credit cards, despite knowing it might make people lose interest, because many of these players will return when the devs say they listened to feedback and added the missing content back in after two or three weeks - conveniently when they may announce the next raid after Argos, and that's a very malicious approach towards the community. It's literally the creation of a problem to sell the solution, and they will still get praised for doing so.
im 1340 and im afrain to even try to push further; now im afraid being false/positive banned and the lack of human support, i seriously thinking about leaving the ship at this point until everything gets better and just play anything else
People don't understand. I love the deadzone. It's big catchup and whale milk. Fine with me. Do vertical
Smilegate may respect its players, but the publisher for NA/EU doesn't. They see us NA/EU players as ATMs, we're simply there to give money to them.
Here's some rough translation for the other 2 "best comments".

1st one: 
Yoho/Oreha being 1370 seems very problematic.

What were they thinking not deploying the contents between 1340~70.

Did they forget about all their experience/learning from KR servers

Or is this because Amazon has the operating rights


Setting aside honing rate as secondary issue

If there were fun/enjoyable contents and lots of ways to obtain mats

There probably wouldn't be this much lamenting 



3rd one: 
No matter how you look at it, they could've predicted this using the data gathered from 1340~1370 'dead period', when users quit and returned, etc but they're being idiots by making the same mistakes on global server. This is really stupid.
I’m in this situation, I love the game but from the things I’ve seen and heard the KR and RU versions are so much better, I just wish Amazon was more competent, but coming from New World, Amazon doesn’t like listening to their players until it’s too late
This is me. I dont want to have to play my alts just to be able to access more content (read: actual combat gameplay) which is time gated. Im not even at the point in the game where an alt provides that needed shakeup. I _want_ to just focus on my fav char but the game is just so damn shallow when it comes to the one major attractive part of this game to me (the combat).
Honestly I don't feel stuck, I just stopped grinding, but I understand other MMO players who play for the endgame want to fully complete the game when there's an update and get BiS gear. I'm focusing on horizontal content and learning new classes.

I think people more casual like me will understand easier that 1340 is the top for F2P players and it is not worth it to keep going.
    >1340 is the top for F2P Players

Thats kinda sad.. Its literally a paywall like some shitty EA concept. Except you dont know how expensive it could get, which in turn is even more of a dick move than EA does on the regular.
        Especially as bots continue to devalue gold and make legitimately buying currency less and less beneficial, effectively causing the paywall to get continuously taller
            If we got more gold from the abyss raids then the bots would be forced to have even lower profit margins, we get like 20 or 30% of what the other versions make per raid.

Not sure at what point will it be inconvenient for them to continue their operation but there should be a limit where even they say it's enough.
                Agreed, but of course instead of pushing that threshold I’ve been hearing friends talk about how they’d rather pay $25 and roll the ban dice for substantially more gold than $100 of royal crystals can buy
        Yep I've seen people going from 1350 to 1351.63 in 3 days, I don't know why you would begin this gamble in the first place, it's pretty chill in here
            Hey that’s me. My goal is 1355 so I can hit up just a little more content but I made the decision a while ago to avoid lighting my material on fire for 1370. Happy to fill out my Adventure Tome while slowly stopping my grind. Definitely not worth it.
                This is what I did. Since they screwed us on the vertical progression, I've just been filling out my horizontal progression in the meantime.
        Dont listen to people who say 1340 is the top I'm almost 1355 and i can only play 2-3hrs top on weekdays. If you had maybe 6hrs a day you could definitely be 1370 with 2 alts in t3 by now. 

Obviously the 1340-1370 deadzone is garbage though. Only having the 1355 chaos dungeon to look forward to till 1370 is so greedy it's mind boggling.
        [deleted]
            How about you calm down, jean d'arc. Not everyone has as much time as you to play 9-10 hours a day. If you have achieved this, congrats, but dont compare yourself to people who got a life outside this game and only want to play casually 2-3 hours at most a day.
                [deleted]
                    How about no? You know, empathy for casual players is a thing. If youre content with the current state of the game, fine, but if you got nothing to say that could result in the devs making changes, dont say anything at all. Youre neither part of the solution nor part of the problem. Just filler words nobody needs. Just... dont talk.
    Im also at 1340 and Im not casual but not hardcore. The problem is not not being able to do Argos but the stagnant gameplay without possibility to upgrade and stupid content lockout like Oreha Hardmode at 1370. Also bad economy, low gold income and no classes releases dont help
    Problem is there's like no horizontal contant for T3 yet. That's my main complaint from the game right now. In T2 yeah I had to grind and I was stuck for a bit but I had things to do when I was done with my dailies in order to progress. The main thing that comes to mind is islands. They were vital in T1 and T2 progression and we have three of them for T3 as far as I'm aware. THREE ISLANDS. It's mind boggling that the only way I can progress for at T3 is either swiping or doing dailies for a month
        So just to clarify for you: what you're talking about is vertical progression.Things that raise your ilvl = vertical progression. 
There's tons of horizontal progression during all tiers. Adventure tome completion, island soul, giant's hearts, skill potions, stat potions, omnium stars, rapport, masterpiece collection, roster level, trade skills.
        Have you gotten all the runes you need? Have you been getting all your skill points from potions? Do you have decent abilities in your gear/inventory? Have you reached legendary engravings? Do you have decent stats from your accesories?

You get these from island tokens, adventurers tome, giant heart, Punikka rapport. I think there's quite the stuff to do still imo even if you can get all these in a week if you focus on it, even if I'm not upgrading gear I still feel my character gets stronger each day
    [deleted]
        If you acknowledge #1 as an issue then why even bring up #2? #2 is directly caused by #1. Literally no one is asking for there to not be a grind?
        You clearly dont know much about the game. The grind will still be there after honing changes and more resources....
Same, I'm 1345 for more than a week, I'm just waiting and stacking mats. I'm used to it, I've been through 1y/1,5 yo only one raid in WoW
Im in the same boat, im still 920 with mats to push it but im just doing my thing waiting for friends to catch up. Im also leveling alts trying to wait out the mess lol
I'm sure they're aware of this problem from what they've been doing so far. We will also try to communicate our opinions to them!
    Thank you guys.^ ^ Much love to the Korean community <3
It seems like SG has a group of people that monitor communities (like inven and reddit). It cannot be the case that they did not hear this at all especially if the topic is discussed in several communities. I just hope that they make appropriate changes to address this issue.
    If you eventually work and understand the high & lows of the market, it helps a bit. Sadly not many ppl have the time to do this & this barely helps since honing rates are low asf higher into t3. They really want us to grind each day praying to rnjesus. Typical korean mmo ig. At least it’s better than bdo and ranked pvp is coming. But we will definitely see a decrease in players that don’t want to do the grind.
Smilegate already knows. They know what happened in KR/JP/RU. AGS is the problem.
[deleted]
    You realize we have the hardest version of the game. Original Korea T3 release was never this hard. 100% T 1 and T2 makes since considering T3 is the end game. The dev wants everyone in T3. T1 and T2 are failed versions of the game.
    I've seen quite a handful of people say that they should just straight up remove honing probabilities and give everything 100% success rate.
        Nothing wrong with that, if they just increase the materials required. In fact the RNG is just fundamentally a bad design, which is deliberate to encourage whaling using psychological tricks.
Western audiences are considerably less tolerant to stuff like this. You might get players returning in KR when they fixed it but in the West people will never come back.
    [deleted]
        WoW had about 10 years of good will. This game has barely been released a month. You're also comparing it to a game which was lightning in a bottle and defined a genre.
        People come back to those games because they finish the content that came out. That isn't the case here. People are leaving because they are pissed at the game. Huge difference.
            Only reason I mentioned WoW was because 3 expansions in a row they dropped the ball, and broke it. 

Yet people still come back to play it
                like others said, they had 10 years of good will from the players. so players come back to see if they hit the magic again. Shadowlands sold but most of the players quit already in the first few months because you could see that the expansion was another fail. LA had no time to create goodwill in the West. Too many bad changes made it already a rocky start and now even the so called "games media" report about the "deadzones and leaving players and polling about is lost ark dying in the west" at least in the german games media. what happens is that those casuals that are stuck in T1 are the people reading those media and when they see that there is no point investing in the game they just leave to another game thats popular at the moment.
Feels to me like people are too 'hardcore', personally and have the expectation that playing for 12 hours everyday will get you to the endgame dramatically faster.

I had a couple weeks off at launch while transitioning to a new job, so I was playing 12 hours a day at first, but now I only get a couple hours of game time a day, which seems to be perfect as I am grinding my last few upgrades to hit T3.

I get my daily runs in, move a little closer to the next tier, and don't mind how long it's going to take.  If I was still expecting to have 12 hours of content a day, I'm sure the content drought and fight for honing materials would get frustrating quickly, but I don't have enough time to commit to the game for that to be a problem.
Sounds exactly like what happened to new world!
    Like something Amazon would do. HMMM!
        Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.

I've played other Smilegate games (such as Epic7), and believe you me, they're good at inducing burnout and then half fixing it later. Amazon's game studio is a bit wild at the moment. They seem to do big mess ups that confuse me, but they do seem genuinely interested in player feedback and fixing tings (I think the 5 people that play New World now would say things are going in a positive direction).
            > Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.
> 
> 

Google translate the comments and seems RU and JP regions publisher does whatever they want. This is getting me worried lol.

I didn't ignore the game like i did with new world because i thought AGS wasn't going to shit on it.. and seems its shittin on it.
        Amazon, the company that didn't make a profit for over a decade so they could eventually dominate it? You think that Amazon is known for making a quick buck?

I actually do think this is 100% due to greed, but not the kind of greed that just wants to make a quick buck. I think the problem is the guy in charge of AGS is some chud who was with Bezos from the "bookstore days", he's not a gamer and he's responsible for a lot of the core problems with New World. I have no real evidence that he's involved here, but it makes the most sense. Whomever made this decision doesn't understand the gamer demographic, and that guy is not a gamer.
    The thing is, New World was a pay to buy game. Like the moment you get the player to play around 10 hours, you're done, you got your money, now you can safely bail.

For them to do this in a free to play game where longevity prints money (because of limited time shops and cosmetics), doing the short term money grab seems beyond idiotic anyway. I'm more likely to believe simple incompetence over greed here honestly.
        But they did grab a ton of money from whales? Not to mention New World also sold cosmetics. We all don't know what is happening there at Amazon and all we can do is speculate. Who knows, Amazon might even be the botters selling gold? /s
Oh god…\*new world flashbacks\*
    The thing is now New World is getting the good changes, when all of the players already quit.
        Let’s just hope that Lost Ark doesn’t walk the same path…
            I’m hoping not too since I really enjoy the game but it’s not looking so good at the moment
        it's still a completely bugged mess tho and almost everyone playing it thinks the combat is terrible now (the only good thing it had going for it on launch) The New World subreddit is filled with negativity almost exclusively even in the past week. (no idea myself, haven't played since I hit max lvl like 2 weeks in)
They still haven’t released a roadmap for New World..
Actually they promised a roadmap when the game released so we can say a month, even if they had to see how the progression was and edit that, then why announce it lol
Im honestly amazed by their ability to create duping glitches.
[deleted]
they are just stupid ppl, with lack of empathy.. like its gonna happen to them too but they just cant comprehend in their brain that they are affected as well just later when they reach that point
I think people would be more willing to accept the 1340-1370 difficulty if there was more shit to do. It's a wasteland.
Sad part is it also feels like a bit of an incompetent one since they could've had a lot of skins out to make a few more bucks from folks swiping to get their desired ones. Y'know, since they planned to core out their playerbase in the T3 deadzone.
I resonated a lot with something that some youtuber said; The people who are pissed are exactly in our range. The over 300 hour F2P/low spender, because it's not really rational that we averaged SO many hours only to land in 1350 with no chances of making it through.

I'm personally taking the time to get my roster up, since I understand it's a core feature of the game and I should work on my entire roster for future content and funneling, but still, shit really -is- rough.
New World was a massive success monetarily, they sold so many copies and will be able to shut down the servers soon since nobody is playing the game. Easy hit and run for them, so I don't see why they'd be strapped for cash and needing money more than normal due to something about NW
Those videos weren't delusional because that is how the game is in other regions. None of those content creators expected the western version to launch with activities straight up removed or that they would implement one of the games most infamous and worst deadzones that only made them lose players in KR. It is baffling that the western version, touted as having p2w elements removed, ended up being by far the most p2w out of all versions of the game. It is incompetence on a astronomical level from AGS and Smilegate, who does shoulder the blame cause they have more of the data of this deadzone and what it did to their playerbase then AGS does.
While I substantially agree with you, I think the negative sentiments expressed by the vocal minority that have no-lifed this game and who are now stuck in that 1340-70 deadzone is not a good look for this game (since they're either streamers with a big audience or are spending all their time complaining on the official forums), especially when the starting zones are infested with bots as well.
Imagine your dad tells you and your brother to meet him at the top of the 1370meter high mountain. Your brother takes the amazon brand mountain railway to the top because he has tons of money. You on the other hand think its much more reasonable to hike there because hiking is fun to you and you rather go there free. Now amazon sees that you want to reach the top of the mountain and decides to shut down the hiking path at 1340meters. 

Know you can either climb the side of the mountain where with every move you make there is a 60% chance you fall back down or you give in and pay amazon to use the railway. Even tho there is no reason for the hiking path to be closed since the exact mountain exists in korea as well where you can hike to the top with no problems.

Now people are angry because all the options to reach the mountain sucks. Either the hiking path needs to open or the climbing path needs higher chances to climb. Otherwise you just regrett even hiking to 1340m and just stop and go back down.

Im sorry im from switzerland i only know mountain or bank analogys
    lmao banger last sentence
    Holy shit I'm using this analogy every time I can from now on.
So cute dude KEKW
Smilegate can advise Amazon but I'm sure Amazon has more power because they are the PUBLISHER and Smilegate is developer in the west region. But SMG should have warned Amazon about this issue more. It creates bad bad reputation for both Amazon and SMG
The game gives you a raid for 1370 item level but no way of reasonably reaching it without using your credit card even tho in korea there are multiple ways to help you reach 1370. basically the release order favors pay to win players
Im where you are; 330 hours in to the game and i'm bored out of my fucking mind.

I've done igrexion for 3 weeks now and my chaos dungeons. I've been saving mats ever since I went to 1345. 

I'm not that interested in sitting 5hours straight doing adventure journal (i know skill points etc is important) or farming mokoko seeds and i'm not big on alts. 

I want harder content, argos, legion raids, hard mode dungeons, new guardians but i've been timegated or forced to spend money for 0 reason other than they want to make more money from whales.

To say that you aren't affected by it is just plain wrong. If you ever wake up one day and feel like doing any challenging content, you won't be able to because you haven't spent any money.
    I feel the opposite: I am interested in progressing my adventure tome and finishing up my remaining islands. I even want to sit there for an hour and do nothing but fish. But I feel like I have to spend all my time doing the same fucking chores every day: chaos dungeon on all 3 of my characters, unas on all 3 of my characters for the important reps some of which have me dependent on time gated events, Igrexion 2x/day on main, get my guildmates to speedrun some graids on alts every 2-3 days to use up some rest bonus, do a couple low level abyss with guildies, chaos gate, ghost ship, world boss, anguished isle, adventure island, PvP weeklies, rapport (which I'm gated by charisma on half of them btw), cube, boss rush....by the time I get through all the "have to do"s for the day I don't even want to do the stuff I originally wanted to do, I want to just go do something else with my day because 6 hours have gone by and I don't want to spend 14h a day on this shit after having done so for a month already

It really irritates me that this game doesn’t let me play it the way I want to play it, AND when I do play it the way they want, I'm stuck waiting to get to 1370 while I watch RMTers sell their tripods and accessories for tens of thousands of gold each. Never had this issue in OSRS or GW2
        Getting gated on rapport sucks ass especially since real money costumes gives charisma and shit.


Why do you feel like you need to so chaos dungs etc if you just want to progress tome or go fishing? Sure, you need to hit t3 to unlock punika but other than that, there's 0 reason to do chaos/raids except to further your ilvl which for you is not something you care about.

Am I misunderstanding something? Honest question, not trying to tell you how to play
    the game has been out for less than a month. there's a wealth of content there, if none of it interests you just go play something else until they release more.
        The problem is when they release more, if its all post 1370 content, you'll still have to grind past the wall.
        Except you can't reach endgame content when you are back. So it's more like go play something else and never come back
        the wealth of content being mokoko seeds, stronghold and fishing?
what does that have to do anything?

&#x200B;

just because you are a turtle?

i mean you are affected by this as well, once you hit t3

&#x200B;

doesnt matter if you are fked now speeding to t3 or fucked in 3 years, once you are at that point you are fked

&#x200B;

actually you with your turtle speed would be even more fked, so isntead of 1 year of progressing in t3 you would need 10 years lol

&#x200B;

so yeah it does affect you, in the future...

unless you hope for it to change.. which everyone here is trying to make it happen..
    I apologize if my post came off the wrong way. I definitely feel for the people in T3 as I stated. And yes, I do hope for it to change as well. 

And also, I appreciate your reply but is it wrong to value other things? What you consider "turtle" is something I value. I value collectibles, adventure tome, mokokos, island souls, stronghold, life skills, etc. I like doing that stuff :)

I also enjoy making alts and playing with friends who are behind and helping them out.

Don't get me wrong, some of my favorite parts of the game are the raids, dungeons, etc. They're super fun and feels great once you conquer 'em, especially at the exact ilvl. I just like to balance everything out and not focus on only one thing - but yes, again, I do hope for a change. Sorry if I didn't state that part.
        sorry i m an ass :D

obviously you are very reasonable, i just thought you were one of those "i enjoy the game so everything is fine" guys...

sry for my rant, nothing wrong with what you do and the pace is perfectly fine

there are people tho that just do things their way and ignore all other problems and i mistook you for one of those
But it is great that you actually acknowledge that other people have a problem. Most people only see themselves and are like "dude, why are you complaining, take it slow and play alts".   
I am an alt guy as well and I am super happy that there are discussions about problems i have not yet run into.
I think the dynamic between smilegate and Amazon is very imbalanced. They are definitely not equals at the table. Smilegate recognized their error in KR about 1340-70, apologized and made changes. They also said they didn't want to censor LA. 

Moving yoho and oreha hard to 1370 seems like an Amazon decision to force people to swipe on this instead of the many awesome skins that are not being released
    Maybe the devs who have clearly shown they know how to understand the flaws of the game and fix them in such a way where the game becomes extremely popular, have completely abandoned all that knowledge and good will in order to fuck us over.

Or maybe the greediest company in existence with a proven track record of fucking over their customers and ruining their games is back at it again.

Really hard to say which one it is!!!
        Lmao well put
I definitely think it's AGS calling the shots. Releasing only one skin - one of the worst selling ones in KR - and bumping yoho and oreha hard to 1370..
Im trying to play both... with 9 chars in LA... and a job....... which ends up playing 1 char in LA and maybe messing around and doing alts on weekends with catchup mechanics haha, but surely these 2 compete hard for me, 2 games i waited for came out almost at once :(
This still does not answer the problem that they actively lowered honing rates and cut content that already exists.

It is not about rushing or burning out, it is about Amazon/SmileGate going out of their way to create a worse experience for free2play players on purpose.

This game is going to fall because whales are nothing without being able to brag their gear to free2play players.
[deleted]
    If you've watched asmongold's stream you d know he's taking his time with the game, he even reads the NPC dialogues out loud and follows the story
You might have a point if Yoho and Oreha hard weren't bumped to 1370. It's just a sad cash grab
horizontal progression is the priority for a lot of people waiting on their favored class to release -\_-
I get what you mean, I'm in the exact same position. 
 
But doesn't it bother you a little bit that you're stuck at 1340 cause you can't afford to throw 500-1000$ at Amazon? Wouldn't you like to reach 1370 by playing the game and upgrade to 1385 with ease and finally start min maxing your char a bit?

You could be doing the same horizontal stuff as you're doing now but also being able to slowly progress your main and do Argos within this lifetime, but nope, whales only sorry.

Hoarding gold and being a material farmer for the whales isn't how I imagined my role in an mmo lol
>It's hard to admit that "maybe this game is not for me"

So yeah that tired shit isn't going to work on anyone at least not at this point.  I don't know if you're a shill or you're just stupid but the fact is you're the minority at this point.  The goading is laughable dude and whether you like it or not the changes are either going to come or you'll get a taste of how mass exodus feels in this game you're enjoying.  With your horizontal progression.  Horizontal progression that most players have already experienced and worked through since release.
    >you'll get a taste of how mass exodus feels in this game you're enjoying

bye bye, you won't be missed

&#x200B;

>you're a shill or you're just stupid

lmao it's like arguing with an 11 year old who's wrong
        All i see out of you is another entitled fuck clutching their pearls because they were got checked on their bullshit.  If you give a shit about the game you'd support the community pushing for this change, not bullshitting the public and sitting around sniffing your farts because you think your "horizontal progression" experiences are exclusive.
i think this is the nail on the head. this endgame/raiding mentality that permeates the mmo community has given people the wrong impressions
    it's literally always existed, even 12+ years ago in the korean MMO scene, getting to the end and having the coolest items has always been the #1 goal to strive to for many players. 

It's not even a content drought. It's a content drought in between content. If argos was 1340 and we had to wait until valtan dropped, there wouldn't be drama. People would just work on horizontal content.
Same. It would be worse if you couldn't stop someone's channel from being suggested on YT. Thank god for that feature cause I got sick of seeing his clickbait thumbnails.
new world was shit from the start they didnt destroy anything, that game didnt even get patches.
We don't have to like everyone but points is valid.
    It's not really a valid point, though. To say, oh, they did it in Korea. idk why they would try in the states is kind of silly. Because it's literally a different audience compared to Korea , why wouldn't they try similar things here? It may have a different reaction compared to Korea. 🤷🏾‍♀️.
I am a big whale in other games, but I will never ever pay for progress (as in: buy materials) and I am not going to buy an Omen set for 40 bucks. Well, maybe I am going to buy it, but I hate it. I have not finally decided yet and I don't know if I have the willpower to resist the purchase.
    Just buy it with gold
    >then you are no whale,   
>  
>  
>  
>true whales dont blink an eye abt the price when they pay
    [deleted]
        It's not "giga cheap" with gold, and it also has a time limit in the store, so people are pressured to either no-life grind away to get the gold, buy the gold from gold farmers/spammers, or spend real cash.

I've been playing since day one a month ago or w/e now, and I still only have a couple thousand gold. I don't play the market manipulation game and I use all my mats for my one character.

$20 is still offensively high for a single skin. And with the set, it's about $40 to get enough crystals to get the skin for the armor/weapon/mount.

Entire games are sold for $40. Entire games.

There is no world in which a single skin is worth over $10. Period.

It is actually fucking insane watching people be conditioned to think $20+ for a SKIN is okay. These companies have completely brainwashed people out of their cash.
People like you are just so damn ignorant. The whole problem is that there isn't any other way to progress your character pass the gap outside of doing braindead easy content for 4-6 weeks. Do you even play this game or are you here to just be a condescending asshole for fun? Maybe if content wasn't gated by ilvl and instead of skill, there wouldn't be complaints. Then again there are shitters like you who probably cried about T1/2 guardians.
    skillpoints? stronghold? island hearts? etc...? Stop being a fucking baby, I'm 1353 btw and had no problem with any of the guardians cause the content isnt hard.
just a small correction,we got a WORSE version of the game than people in KR.
    Wait I thought thats what I was saying lol. We are forced to grind through the "failed contents" aka T1 and T2. On top of that its actually more P2W with the deadzone and early Argos release.
Go away
[deleted]
Smilegate has done shit like this before. Your hate for Amazon is justified but they are both at fault.
    https://www.reddit.com/r/lostarkgame/comments/tedzff/ideal\_la\_in\_naeu/
You should google translate the link OP posted. People are shitting on smilegate way harder.
no one's saying RNG or the store are bad
Beyond 1340, honing requires a ton of mats and gold with ridiculously low success rates, gives 5 ilvl per honing level (0.8 per piece), and doing your daily content without any alts let’s you attempt 1-2 honings per day. If you want to speed things up and you have tons of gold to buy mats on the AH or convert gold into gems to buy out Maris shop, it’s extremely expensive. Like $2,000 of gems/gold if you want to pay your way from 1340-1370. On top of that, there isn’t really any new content between 1340 and 1370, aside from a chaos dungeon that you can endlessly grind for a small amount of mats that suffer from diminishing returns.
    Just wanted to clarify something in your post for people not in T3 when you say honing gives +5 ILvl. That is +5 per piece so honing one piece gives 0.83 to total ILvl.
It's as if they thought it was a good idea to give these content a new set but forgot to plug the 1340-70 gap after doing this change...
He acknowledges that he's effectively a character with P2W effectiveness, but the decisions being made still worries him
True. Even pro-amazon people on the forum don’t even attempt to defend oreha/yoho hard mode being at 1370,  their intent is just hilariously obvious.  Other servers didn’t have this, so I’m assuming this is just Amazon doing what Amazon does best. Pure malice & greed.
    The greed part is what gets me, skins sell like hot cakes in games like this, and for a lot of people the skins and dressing up are some of their favorite things to do. Playing on Russian servers for a few months, the abundance of skins in both the cash shop and on the auction house were staggering.
        Then what the F are we doing here in NA and EU with what, 2 skins total? And the latest one can't be dyed. Oh and it was the worst rated in KR, supposedly.

I wanted to try out LA because I always hear Asian games have literal tons of customization. Talk about a complete and utter letdown.
            Most likely another calculated move to increase profits. Players have been asking for skins, so they'll put out the worst selling skins from KR while people are desperate. Then they'll release the good skins, hoping the same players buy again.
        The main reason I want to get to tier 3 content~ is so I can make gold to buy cosmetics and collect cosmetics. But I legit feel like it is borderline impossible without spending money since I’ve been stuck on 1050-1080 for for like 2 weeks. I get 1 chance at upgrading a piece of gear (maybe 2 chances if I’m lucky) just to fail the honing day after day… really discouraging and unfun.
            [deleted]
                Totally agree and great advice but honing Rng is huge factor too. Im f2p and t2 was super hard for me to get through even with maris shop, pirate coins, chaos dungeon, islands, everything you can think of. I even used tons of star breaths and those % honing books and had some epic fails at 96%. My best friend and wife got through t2 easy in a few days like you said. lol kinda sucked being stuck there for a week while they both doing t3 content. Its ok though, with a bit of work and some help from my friends i got to t3, but the unluck was real hahah
                    I’m stuck at t2 as well. You’re not alone, brother. The world may pass me by, but I will not swipe.
                        Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
        On launch Russia had barely any skins too though. I remember playing on launch and only had 1, maybe 2 skin in shop and the Omen pack. So in that regards it's the same as us.
    Malice, greed, and incompetence in the gaming industry. They're still releasing patches for new world that make the game worse.
        lol, didnt that die yet?

I bailed a long time ago, legit thought it would be dead by now
            20k players. Seems pretty dead to me.
                Around 20k should be fine. 5k is probably the danger zone of having its development cancelled?
                    20k is not fine for an MMO and resources poured into it.
                        Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
                            Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
                    I mean it went from 900 k peak to 20 k peak that's really bad
                    I'll be turned off soon. 

20k people can't support any type of team. Just break out the math on what they'd have to pay to keep a dev team afloat as well as servers.
                        There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
                            Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
                        If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
                        20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
                            So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
                            Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
                        It won't
                        You have no idea how game population works
                            I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
                Wait, are you saying only 20k players are active on ark?
                    Reading comprehension. We're talking about New World.
                        You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
                            Dude is mad he can’t read lol
                            Who insulted you, little guy?
            Yikes New World was a disaster.   
Everyone on Belovodye I sincerely hope you stub your toe on a door stopper spring thing and it echoes through the house
            Its down to 20k players spread between all their servers and continents, so theres about 100 people per server, half are bots.

Atm players are linking screenshots of the entire map being owned by 1 company on almost every server, the company is demanding AGS do anything or theyll raise taxs to max on server and get rid of the 20-40actual people left.
    Is Amazon developing NA/EU version of the game? or Smile Gate?
        Amazon is just a publisher. At least they comunicated it like it is...
            Publisher and localizer. They have some influence in things for their version of the game, but not actual dev tools. They can't break away from the design of the developers. So this decision was made together, by both parties. Or Amazon said they wanted it and smilegate agreed to make the change for them.
                Publishers have A LOT more say then you think. What they say goes basically..
                    [deleted]
                        Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
                            [deleted]
                    When they pay for the development of the game yes, but this is not the case here, SMG didn't need any funding to push the global release i am sure
                        Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
                            I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
                            But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
                        Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
            I realy want to know where people get this idea that a game publisher has little influence over 'their" version of the game. This isn't like with a movie, game publishers can have a lot of say - up to almost complete control - over the versions of the game they distribute.      
PoE is a good example for this. The Chinese version of PoE has features the developer thinks are absolutely detrimental to the game and has stated numerous times will NEVER make it to the main version. Yet the Chinese version has these features, made by the devs at their request, because the Chinese publisher wants them in the game.       
This is just one example. The point is, how much control a publisher has varies a lot depending on their contracts and we simply do not know who is making these decisions for LOA.
                exactly, publishers have influence on games! Are people forgetting how many beloved IPs EA has killed? Activision killed off battlefield with the hot mess that is battlefield 2042.  


Gonna add AGS to the list of publishers to avoid (Activision, EA, kakao, Gamigo)
                    Hate saying something good about Activision, but EA publishes Battlefield, not Activision.
                Publishers have ultimate control, always. It's always been this way. 

Suddenly for this game everyone believed amazons pr bullshit
        Seeing how Gold River talked about them it seems they have at least some input on how and what stuff gets released.
    There ain't no " pro Amazon people" just ALOT of the hate is totally BS and need to be called out as such. But this is a valid point so no one defends it.
        I've mostly only ever seen valid criticism of Amazon. You don't have to try to find something egregious
            Hahaha. Good one
            Only valid ? Come on people hate on literally everything. Honing no endgame to hard to easy to long to short whatsoever m and often with Alot flaming
    Stoopz Defends it.
        Like Kim K just saying "get to work!" while being handed materials and gold by watchers.  Pisses his fans off to mention it too. He's not always wrong, but his perspective is not that of a average player.
            Stoopz was cool to watch the first day or two of launch now he’s just an air head
        Well, stoopz is a paid shill, you knew that right? And he gets free mats and gold from viewers, so he dont know this feeling we others have in this deadzone, struggling to hone.
            Calm down and breathe
                Seemed calm enough to me.
                    Yeah, I think it was Zeals or Saint that literally called Stoopz out about it.

"His streamer success is literally riding on this game so of course he's going to downplay all the issues to make it seem not as bad. He doesn't want people to quit in protest."
                        Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
    Too much assuming and not enough thinking.
    Stop being a brain dead simp. This is Smilegate fuckup they develop the game. Can’t believe we are a month in and people still don’t understand what a publisher and developer are.
    If it was pure malice/greed we would of gotten KR's oreha hm. Or did you not know KR's version doesn't have 1340 base ilvl like argos but its just 1302 purple gear but with a +25 enhancement cap ?
Definitely amazon forcing their hand or something.

Too many coincidences..

No released trial content south vern

Guardian bosses and hard mode dungeons increased to 1370

Argos released so early while most people are barely into t3

No honing buffs

Cost of honing not decreased

They are obviously trying to milk the whales
    Getting these PvP coins…. No PvP vendor lol.
    Yeah they need to add all that in
I cant see it being incompetence. You have to PURPOSELY change that ilvl to a higher one for a reason.

Some guy  didnt accidentally do it. They purposely, and more than likely, had a meeting on changing that ilvl to 1370 instead of 1355. It was pure and simple malice and greed and theres really no excuse for it.
    I kind of agree with you, it is really hard to see how this could have been just incompetence but I think you can make up a scenario where it really is just that.
Remember that we've seen slides where they had planned massively buffed honing rates. These never happened for us but imagine another department talking about the 1355 to 1370 changes under the assumption that getting to 1370 wouldn't be a big deal.      
Now, according to Saintone at least, abyss hard mode and yoho only had their ilvl requirement increased but not their stats, making them significantly easier at 1370 than original 1370 content.        
With all that in mind, I can totally see their intention to give people 'easier' 1370 side content compared to Argos as to not have people run into a mechanics/skill check wall with nothing else to do.       
So yeah, with a lot of really, really bad internal communication and confusion, I think it's possible they didn't do this out of greed.
Very unlikely and not inspiring any confidence for the future either... but it's possible.
        [deleted]
            This makes total sense up until the part they normalized ilvl for Argos, so the bus doesn't make much sense anymore.
At some point incompetence and malice converge to the same result... sadly.
    >At some point incompetence and malice converge to the same result... sadly.

It's not incompetence. Amazon knew exactly what they were doing.
That is the most confusing part to me. “We didn’t think this would happen, we’re adjusting our roadmap based on the Argos feedback”

I mean, it’s good they’re adjusting, but holy crap is that an indictment on their abilities to design a game, and their design judgement, and their lack of understanding if they thought this was genuinely a good idea. Wow. It’s like they didn’t talk to anyone who actually is playing the game, or use any of the infirmary available to them from other markets like KR…
There's no way this was incompetence.  Things came together too well for it to be a 'oopsie we made a booboo with progression, sowwy' moment.  They deliberately released new content gated behind an ilevel that is incredibly difficult to reach without swiping, while also using worse honing rates than other servers in the 1340-1370 range, while ALSO not giving the new regions access to as many material sources as other regions.  This was a deliberate and calculated decision from AGS to paywall content without *officially* paywalling.  This is disgusting conduct.  

The biggest issue is that, even if they 'fix' this try to make good on it, they have turned off a huge portion of the playerbase.  We've lost people to burnout, that happens.  We lost people because they see the botting and feel like any work they put in to making gold is wasted now.  That happens.  But for AGS to do something like this, to basically release content that is only playable by a small percentage of the population, and not because of difficulty, but because you either need to be grinding on a fuck ton of t3 alts or whale your way to the ilevel, that is completely unacceptable.
I can't wrap my ahead around taking the worst parts of the KR experience, and doubling down to intentionally make it worse, for a Western release where P2W is at least a little more frowned upon. Absolutely wild.
I'd phrase it as "incompetence or *sheer malice*", because incompetence is pretty much expected from AGS at this point.
It is incompetence born of malice. AGS doesn't give a fuck about players, they only care about their big-money investors, and they'll do what ever they can to please those guys. So, when the math-nerds tell their bosses that they could be making more money by manipulating the players, psychologically, well, then, that's what they will do.
    Except it's been proven time and again happy players spend more. It's such a dumb decision because not only are they pushing away small spenders they're pushing away big whales too. Omega whales don't spend in dead games.
    dont throw this on ags, manipulating players psychologically is literally the whole game design of free to play/pay to win games. if they did it too, they just said well, the game already does it and has been founded on this very premise, lets do it a little more, no harm done, the game EXISTS ON THIS VERY PREMISE, LIKE ALL P2W DO, OF PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATING US TO FORCE US TO PAY FOR A "FREE" GAME!
>	Yup that’s the most upsetting part. It’s either sheer incompetence or malice.

It's both, from AGS. They are nothing but a clown show. They've proven this with every game they're in charge of
i cant agree more with this

&#x200B;

its as much frustrating and annoying to realize that, i hope it was incompetence and they get new people in charge of the decisions, other wise, specially if it was malice its another game thats going to die way to fast for stupid fking decisions.
I hope it's incompetence, but not sure dude
Get a job
so... the opposite of hanlon's razor?
What's a damn shame. Most players will rather quit than invest money. It's whale hunting on the cost of community health.
    Which is exactly why western releases for Korean mmos have done so poorly in the past and why lost ark had the potential to throw that stereotype on its head but it seems to have failed to do so. Maybe the problem isn't Korean game devs like we have thought all along, but the western publishers who seem to "know their playerbase".
        What do they really know? All they look at is analytics and graphs.

They see that Genshin impact makes a killing in NA and EU, they just assumed people would feel the same way about Lost Ark. whale culture is terrible for MMOs and these streamers who have too much damn money only encourage these publishers to keep doing what they are doing.

The same thing happened to BDO, despite that game losing the majority of its Korean player base from scummy micro transactions, the game is still relatively popular in the west. There was a chart that showed that NA is the most profitable region by far in that game and generates as much as the EU and KR player base combined.

This is a case of NA whale culture influencing developers/publishers hands.
            > All they look at is analytics and graphs.

"analytic and graphs" are not words to desrcibe AGS. They're ineptitude to handle even their own games are astounding. One of them even unreleased itself. The other is plagued with bugs, even ones that were reported during its meta and alpha (new world)!
                That’s what happens when big companies think that all they need to do to get into an industry is just throw cash at it.

If AGS had hired actual quality devs with a strong background in the gaming industry and formulated their future past a monthly basis they would have had some top tier AAA games in their catalog. 

The same shit is happening with Prime Video, but on a lesser extent because they have some decent shows.
        Every KRMMO I've personally played (Blade and Soul, TERA, Lost Ark, maybe Kritika was KR I don't remember) has been a really fun game at it's core completely bastardized by monetization choices and the game gets ruined by content being paywall gated or pvp content becoming p2w.

It's happened every time. Lost Ark had so much global praise for how the KR/RU servers were, all they needed to do was bring it over 1:1 with the KR version and the game would've been the best MMO on the market.

But instead, as western capitalist companies do, they say "fuck the playerbase and long term success, let's ride this hype wave and milk out as much as we can in the first 2 months before we let the game die!"
    No, they knew that the players who went hard and hit this wall while it was a problem were the same players most likely to pay in order to break through it. They'll pretend it was an oopsie until the casuals catch up and then they'll "fix" it.

It was strategic.
        Seems to me the best way to kill an MMO.

cause once casuals hear they have to spend shit ton (1750$) to reach argos , even the casuals will quit,

Before someone come defending on this , look at steamchart cough.
    For real. I'm slow and lazy and terrible and I'm still in late T2 so I'm still having fun and haven't really hit a wall yet, but when I do, I'm not going to swipe or grind for weeks to continue getting upgrades, I'm just not going to play any more. I've got plenty of other games to play and zero tolerance for things being made deliberately shitty just to try and get you to spend.
        Whrn you hit 1340 there will be honing chances and more events like we are having. Don't get riled up because of 100 cry babies
    If I can attain the power level with a reasonable ($60) amount of money then it wouldn't be such an issue. If I pay the box price of a non-FTP game, or the equivalent of 3 months subscription for FFXIV, then I would be okay with doing this every once in a while.

But the issue is you are paying money to gamble. It could cost me $60, or it could cost me $500, or it could cost me $2000. I'm not going to take that risk because I'm not a gambling addict. I'm just going to stop playing the hard content and stop taking the game seriously, and just collect mokoko seeds then log off.
    Hopefully in the meantime more people just focus on getting alts up instead of resorting to swiping, thats what I've been doing and I'm still enjoying the game.
        Yeah but lots of clases still missing, so for a lot of ppl they are waiting for their class release.
        I am almost 1370 without swiping. It's just slower than the first two tiers but completely doable.
            Just because it's "doable" doesn't mean it's right, you know?
                Yeah I don't think it's good game design after the fast first two tiers, but I just took a different perspective on it and accepted the slightly slower progress in that window.
                    This is the way. People are crying now, wait for ilvl 1500+ which KR has now.
                        But they've got actual content at that ilvl
                            I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
This is my assumption, and there are several examples of it, just look at the first 2 skins they released in the shop.  Literally the least popular in all other regions.
Is this why the t3 scorpion and igrexion are so easy? It's like the 1355 stuff that was made 1370. They didn't scale it up so we're over geared for it when we unlock it.
    They also just don't really do anything.  Scorpion is the same fight as before, but with some pointless adds that get blown up.  


Igrexion is a slow field and some wonky as hell telegraph slams that you've learned harder versions of already from the abyss dungeons.
        Scorpion not running away on burrow is such a quality of life difference lol.

T3 scorpion I think also doesn't do the tail grab? I died to that a few times in lower tiers. T3 was it's sort of a loot pinata.
            It's funny that he's so much easier than the first version.
            T3 Scorpion is pretty mobile (And thus, annoying to fight on my Sorc main and her cast times) but that's about all it has going for it really.
            Even if he had the tail grab by most t3 players know to stagger at this point.  Ive never had a group while i was in his ilvl bracket that didn't double break the tail.
                just did tonight. multiple groups
        the adds if you dont blow them up can singlehandedly kill players.  They get an electricity aoe around them after like 1-3s or so of being alive and run after players and it will melt hp bars. I have to spam frequently for players to kill adds because they ignore them thinking "oh it'll jsut get aoed ig"  and they end up killing 1 or two people.
            One guy said: "no, you have to kill them and I can't help, because it will hurt my DPS too much"
                Welcone to MVP screen mentality. Everyone is so eager to see MVP next to their name that they disregard the prime condition for that - to finish the goddamn raid in the first place.
                    Is there even any actual benefit to MVP?
                        e-peen
        From what I've seen, people have a hard time avoiding many of igrexion's attacks and eat a lot of damage, it's just that it's so undertuned that it doesn't really matter.  I don't bother to use panacea, I just let it burn.  Makes sense if he was designed for 1325.
            Yea I dont mind admitting that I have trouble dodging some of igrexions attacks but the game doesnt make me learn them either since I can just face tank them and focus on full dps. Add a support to the mix and probably dont even have to touch pots.

end of T2 was nice with the 8 man raids and so on. And now T3 is just a snoozefest again where you go slap 2 easy guardians daily, run chaos dungeon and then log off your main and go play with alts...
            Dont even need panacea if you got a paladin cleansing it off every 30 seconds.
        True the mechanics are kind of easy you could say, but there is a most likely a big different entering on a 1325 and a 1340 character for the sake of Igrexion.
    Yes I do believe so, The scorpions experience might be same since it is actually 1302 and not 1325 i made a mistake there, but entering Igrexion at 1325 vs 1340 would most likely give more "real" guardian experience. I just feel like we lose out on not accessing the content it was tuned for, leaving us: getting less daily materials from not being able to access it earlier, have more challenging content( I feel like guardians and abyss raids is the content I actually get to play my character).
    Ya I felt the same, "why are these so squishy? T2 guardians felt harder!" is what I told my friends. Even 1370 Yoho feels easy, I read a guide before I fought her talking about all these abilities turning you into a fox etc. so I'm like okay lets do this and then my party of complete randoms with no support downs her in like 5 minutes with no problem whatsoever. Everything's super easy and squishy. Even the 1370 Hardmode Oreha's Well is pretty easy/squishy.
Armored Nacrasena is 1302.

And I won't argue that you're usually going in overgeared, but even when you aren't, they just have very little hp. I had an absolute clown fiesta Nacrasena run on one of my alts straight off Punika quests at like i1309 did nearly 50% damage, and it was still well under 7:30.
    my mistake on armored narcasena, but the other guardians do have lower requirements on other versions of the game.
        Which present a different issue. If you lower Igrexion to 1325 again players basically leapfrog Nacrasena entirely.
I'm going to be in 1340 for a while, so Igrexion being easy and quick is a complete blessing in my eyes
    Agreed.
armoured scorpion is 1302 in the NA version tho.
Why the hell would they do this? I’m genuinely curious.
what armored scorp is 1302 ilvl req man. I literally do it everyday on my alt LMAO.
true, but having *something* in the middle to look forward to and push towards helps see the light at the end of the tunnel
I mean technically we have been playing the endgame since level 50. Not sure I agree with the statement that endgame only starts at 1370, it took me 200+ hours to hit T3.

Even still, I agree that it’s dumb to gate F2P players from touching the first official raid.
    I would heavily disagree with this statement. Endgame starts at minimum T3 (1302), arguably higher in the original version at legion raids. T1 and  (most of) T2 feel like extended tutorial.
1355 from 1340 is really not bad if you aren't a completely braindead player. You want to be doing things that earn gold, and then convert gold to crystals and buy things in Mari's shop whenever possible. Every single player should be doing this constantly.

I started Lost Ark with several friends and while some of us had more luck than others with both market profits and honing success, we've all reached 1355 and beyond already with two of us reaching 1370+ and spending no real money besides for the Founder's Pack. Though we've all basically no-lifed the game so far, so a lot of hours spent.
    Even though that’s possible, I don’t feel it’s healthy for a game to require their players to no life it for 300 hours to reach end game content, majority of the players are new to this game and aren’t gonna have the time or want to do that
I went from playing 10+ hours to quit. So many bad decisions, plus it also in my case, dsnt help to be cock blocked so hard. Like i can only do fun stuff and raids 1 time per week.
    imagine playing more than one game for a second.. or you know, a full time job... its cool to also have something that doesnt force you to no life for 10 hours a day for a change
Doesn't make sense due to the botting
Stoopzz shilling and pretending gameplay changes out of greed are actually a good change? No one saw that coming
    eh, it's reasonable because the 1370 hard modes drop argos tier armor while the 1355 don't. If people were able to hit 1370 smoothly this would be a very positive change.

Of course, people can't hit 1370 smoothly so it creates a larger dead zone and more problems.
Sounds way too complicated for Amazon to understand
Think this way, if it's killing the desire to play from players who spent 16hrs a day playing this game (your words), what's do you think it will do with actual newbies? 

Also they call newbie killers because of what happened in Korea, not because of what is happening here.
Not really sure what playing a lot makes reaching T3 easier. You mainly need just do the islands once , and doing the daily/weekly content. Probably only 13/14-15 takes a bit longer but rest wouldnt really need that much freetime to reach T3. After 1 month most of ppl should be on T3 who plays daily.
    I think you are overestimating the average player's knowledge. If you go on foruns that have more "casual" players, most of them even know what are the islands or how to find them.
Its 100% the reason, just people dont want to believe it.

It was plain and simple to milk players.
    Just doesn't make sense. If they're trying to milk money they would add so many other things like skins and honing shard boxes. It's not clear at all if this was whalebait or just a big fat mistake as a result of wanting to get us to legion commander raids as soon as possible.
The incompetence that gave them a shitton of money by milking FOMO?
3 days 30kgold sellingg mats
This is such bullshit Smilegate and Amazon are equally at fault stop the cap and blame everything on them because you don’t like New world.
    I never said smilegate isn’t at fault too. Majority is going to be Amazon decisions though. I loved new world until the end then realized how bad it was and really hoped ags wouldn’t fk stuff up. Smilegate is at fault too but do you see the only new variable compared to kr/ru versions? It’s Amazon…  smilegate should take blame too but it’s like the two posts under you stated. Publishers do have power
        Oh mb you must work there to know Amazon has full control over the direction of the patches. This nonsense, you’re basing everything on the fact that they fucked up on new world and are ignoring the fact Smilegate has fuck up multiple times. You have no idea how they negotiated things stop pretending like you work there. They are equally to blame because we don’t know how the inner works.
they arent devs. tho they literally do not have the power to make those decisions. Please hold both accountable. Smilegate should not be allowed to dodge criticism just because you hate amazon for new world.
    stop with this bullshit of publishers not having influence and power over things. Just turn at look at how many franchises EA and Activision killed due to their greed. Even games published by Gamingo are being milked on their last legs. The chinese version of POE has features that the publishers wanted to add and the devs had to listen.
Which was the whole sell point of the game.  That they wouldn't pull this shit.
I reached t3 in 100 hours f2p, I dont know where you got your numbers from
    You have to realise that you are not an average player then. If you go sweaty try hard min-max mode it may take 100 hrs but definitely not for a normal player.
        no minmax and no sweaty play needed. my friends just played the game with knowing nothing about it and made it t3 in 100 hours by just doing the MSQ and islands for materials. they even spend time to farm for some ship sails and stuff while now sitting on 1340 and not playing anymore cause there is nothing to do in a group and the whale baiting is nothing any of us supports . so LA is on ice for a while if not forever if they dont correct those issues. like some already mentioned. LA was supposed to not do those scammy things. the director and even AGS mentioned they wont do it and then they come with all those strange changes to bait whales. the game is good but there are other games to play also.
Its not about being manic about it. As the asmon video put it, it discourages people from lower tiers to bother investing more into the game. Like why would you bother to continue to grind when all you can look for towards is this deadzone.
>1340 is the top for F2P Players

Thats kinda sad.. Its literally a paywall like some shitty EA concept. Except you dont know how expensive it could get, which in turn is even more of a dick move than EA does on the regular.
    Especially as bots continue to devalue gold and make legitimately buying currency less and less beneficial, effectively causing the paywall to get continuously taller
        If we got more gold from the abyss raids then the bots would be forced to have even lower profit margins, we get like 20 or 30% of what the other versions make per raid.

Not sure at what point will it be inconvenient for them to continue their operation but there should be a limit where even they say it's enough.
            Agreed, but of course instead of pushing that threshold I’ve been hearing friends talk about how they’d rather pay $25 and roll the ban dice for substantially more gold than $100 of royal crystals can buy
    Yep I've seen people going from 1350 to 1351.63 in 3 days, I don't know why you would begin this gamble in the first place, it's pretty chill in here
        Hey that’s me. My goal is 1355 so I can hit up just a little more content but I made the decision a while ago to avoid lighting my material on fire for 1370. Happy to fill out my Adventure Tome while slowly stopping my grind. Definitely not worth it.
            This is what I did. Since they screwed us on the vertical progression, I've just been filling out my horizontal progression in the meantime.
    Dont listen to people who say 1340 is the top I'm almost 1355 and i can only play 2-3hrs top on weekdays. If you had maybe 6hrs a day you could definitely be 1370 with 2 alts in t3 by now. 

Obviously the 1340-1370 deadzone is garbage though. Only having the 1355 chaos dungeon to look forward to till 1370 is so greedy it's mind boggling.
    [deleted]
        How about you calm down, jean d'arc. Not everyone has as much time as you to play 9-10 hours a day. If you have achieved this, congrats, but dont compare yourself to people who got a life outside this game and only want to play casually 2-3 hours at most a day.
            [deleted]
                How about no? You know, empathy for casual players is a thing. If youre content with the current state of the game, fine, but if you got nothing to say that could result in the devs making changes, dont say anything at all. Youre neither part of the solution nor part of the problem. Just filler words nobody needs. Just... dont talk.
Im also at 1340 and Im not casual but not hardcore. The problem is not not being able to do Argos but the stagnant gameplay without possibility to upgrade and stupid content lockout like Oreha Hardmode at 1370. Also bad economy, low gold income and no classes releases dont help
Problem is there's like no horizontal contant for T3 yet. That's my main complaint from the game right now. In T2 yeah I had to grind and I was stuck for a bit but I had things to do when I was done with my dailies in order to progress. The main thing that comes to mind is islands. They were vital in T1 and T2 progression and we have three of them for T3 as far as I'm aware. THREE ISLANDS. It's mind boggling that the only way I can progress for at T3 is either swiping or doing dailies for a month
    So just to clarify for you: what you're talking about is vertical progression.Things that raise your ilvl = vertical progression. 
There's tons of horizontal progression during all tiers. Adventure tome completion, island soul, giant's hearts, skill potions, stat potions, omnium stars, rapport, masterpiece collection, roster level, trade skills.
    Have you gotten all the runes you need? Have you been getting all your skill points from potions? Do you have decent abilities in your gear/inventory? Have you reached legendary engravings? Do you have decent stats from your accesories?

You get these from island tokens, adventurers tome, giant heart, Punikka rapport. I think there's quite the stuff to do still imo even if you can get all these in a week if you focus on it, even if I'm not upgrading gear I still feel my character gets stronger each day
[deleted]
    If you acknowledge #1 as an issue then why even bring up #2? #2 is directly caused by #1. Literally no one is asking for there to not be a grind?
    You clearly dont know much about the game. The grind will still be there after honing changes and more resources....
Thank you guys.^ ^ Much love to the Korean community <3
If you eventually work and understand the high & lows of the market, it helps a bit. Sadly not many ppl have the time to do this & this barely helps since honing rates are low asf higher into t3. They really want us to grind each day praying to rnjesus. Typical korean mmo ig. At least it’s better than bdo and ranked pvp is coming. But we will definitely see a decrease in players that don’t want to do the grind.
You realize we have the hardest version of the game. Original Korea T3 release was never this hard. 100% T 1 and T2 makes since considering T3 is the end game. The dev wants everyone in T3. T1 and T2 are failed versions of the game.
I've seen quite a handful of people say that they should just straight up remove honing probabilities and give everything 100% success rate.
    Nothing wrong with that, if they just increase the materials required. In fact the RNG is just fundamentally a bad design, which is deliberate to encourage whaling using psychological tricks.
[deleted]
    WoW had about 10 years of good will. This game has barely been released a month. You're also comparing it to a game which was lightning in a bottle and defined a genre.
    People come back to those games because they finish the content that came out. That isn't the case here. People are leaving because they are pissed at the game. Huge difference.
        Only reason I mentioned WoW was because 3 expansions in a row they dropped the ball, and broke it. 

Yet people still come back to play it
            like others said, they had 10 years of good will from the players. so players come back to see if they hit the magic again. Shadowlands sold but most of the players quit already in the first few months because you could see that the expansion was another fail. LA had no time to create goodwill in the West. Too many bad changes made it already a rocky start and now even the so called "games media" report about the "deadzones and leaving players and polling about is lost ark dying in the west" at least in the german games media. what happens is that those casuals that are stuck in T1 are the people reading those media and when they see that there is no point investing in the game they just leave to another game thats popular at the moment.
Like something Amazon would do. HMMM!
    Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.

I've played other Smilegate games (such as Epic7), and believe you me, they're good at inducing burnout and then half fixing it later. Amazon's game studio is a bit wild at the moment. They seem to do big mess ups that confuse me, but they do seem genuinely interested in player feedback and fixing tings (I think the 5 people that play New World now would say things are going in a positive direction).
        > Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.
> 
> 

Google translate the comments and seems RU and JP regions publisher does whatever they want. This is getting me worried lol.

I didn't ignore the game like i did with new world because i thought AGS wasn't going to shit on it.. and seems its shittin on it.
    Amazon, the company that didn't make a profit for over a decade so they could eventually dominate it? You think that Amazon is known for making a quick buck?

I actually do think this is 100% due to greed, but not the kind of greed that just wants to make a quick buck. I think the problem is the guy in charge of AGS is some chud who was with Bezos from the "bookstore days", he's not a gamer and he's responsible for a lot of the core problems with New World. I have no real evidence that he's involved here, but it makes the most sense. Whomever made this decision doesn't understand the gamer demographic, and that guy is not a gamer.
The thing is, New World was a pay to buy game. Like the moment you get the player to play around 10 hours, you're done, you got your money, now you can safely bail.

For them to do this in a free to play game where longevity prints money (because of limited time shops and cosmetics), doing the short term money grab seems beyond idiotic anyway. I'm more likely to believe simple incompetence over greed here honestly.
    But they did grab a ton of money from whales? Not to mention New World also sold cosmetics. We all don't know what is happening there at Amazon and all we can do is speculate. Who knows, Amazon might even be the botters selling gold? /s
The thing is now New World is getting the good changes, when all of the players already quit.
    Let’s just hope that Lost Ark doesn’t walk the same path…
        I’m hoping not too since I really enjoy the game but it’s not looking so good at the moment
    it's still a completely bugged mess tho and almost everyone playing it thinks the combat is terrible now (the only good thing it had going for it on launch) The New World subreddit is filled with negativity almost exclusively even in the past week. (no idea myself, haven't played since I hit max lvl like 2 weeks in)
lmao banger last sentence
Holy shit I'm using this analogy every time I can from now on.
I feel the opposite: I am interested in progressing my adventure tome and finishing up my remaining islands. I even want to sit there for an hour and do nothing but fish. But I feel like I have to spend all my time doing the same fucking chores every day: chaos dungeon on all 3 of my characters, unas on all 3 of my characters for the important reps some of which have me dependent on time gated events, Igrexion 2x/day on main, get my guildmates to speedrun some graids on alts every 2-3 days to use up some rest bonus, do a couple low level abyss with guildies, chaos gate, ghost ship, world boss, anguished isle, adventure island, PvP weeklies, rapport (which I'm gated by charisma on half of them btw), cube, boss rush....by the time I get through all the "have to do"s for the day I don't even want to do the stuff I originally wanted to do, I want to just go do something else with my day because 6 hours have gone by and I don't want to spend 14h a day on this shit after having done so for a month already

It really irritates me that this game doesn’t let me play it the way I want to play it, AND when I do play it the way they want, I'm stuck waiting to get to 1370 while I watch RMTers sell their tripods and accessories for tens of thousands of gold each. Never had this issue in OSRS or GW2
    Getting gated on rapport sucks ass especially since real money costumes gives charisma and shit.


Why do you feel like you need to so chaos dungs etc if you just want to progress tome or go fishing? Sure, you need to hit t3 to unlock punika but other than that, there's 0 reason to do chaos/raids except to further your ilvl which for you is not something you care about.

Am I misunderstanding something? Honest question, not trying to tell you how to play
the game has been out for less than a month. there's a wealth of content there, if none of it interests you just go play something else until they release more.
    The problem is when they release more, if its all post 1370 content, you'll still have to grind past the wall.
    Except you can't reach endgame content when you are back. So it's more like go play something else and never come back
    the wealth of content being mokoko seeds, stronghold and fishing?
I apologize if my post came off the wrong way. I definitely feel for the people in T3 as I stated. And yes, I do hope for it to change as well. 

And also, I appreciate your reply but is it wrong to value other things? What you consider "turtle" is something I value. I value collectibles, adventure tome, mokokos, island souls, stronghold, life skills, etc. I like doing that stuff :)

I also enjoy making alts and playing with friends who are behind and helping them out.

Don't get me wrong, some of my favorite parts of the game are the raids, dungeons, etc. They're super fun and feels great once you conquer 'em, especially at the exact ilvl. I just like to balance everything out and not focus on only one thing - but yes, again, I do hope for a change. Sorry if I didn't state that part.
    sorry i m an ass :D

obviously you are very reasonable, i just thought you were one of those "i enjoy the game so everything is fine" guys...

sry for my rant, nothing wrong with what you do and the pace is perfectly fine

there are people tho that just do things their way and ignore all other problems and i mistook you for one of those
Maybe the devs who have clearly shown they know how to understand the flaws of the game and fix them in such a way where the game becomes extremely popular, have completely abandoned all that knowledge and good will in order to fuck us over.

Or maybe the greediest company in existence with a proven track record of fucking over their customers and ruining their games is back at it again.

Really hard to say which one it is!!!
    Lmao well put
If you've watched asmongold's stream you d know he's taking his time with the game, he even reads the NPC dialogues out loud and follows the story
>you'll get a taste of how mass exodus feels in this game you're enjoying

bye bye, you won't be missed

&#x200B;

>you're a shill or you're just stupid

lmao it's like arguing with an 11 year old who's wrong
    All i see out of you is another entitled fuck clutching their pearls because they were got checked on their bullshit.  If you give a shit about the game you'd support the community pushing for this change, not bullshitting the public and sitting around sniffing your farts because you think your "horizontal progression" experiences are exclusive.
it's literally always existed, even 12+ years ago in the korean MMO scene, getting to the end and having the coolest items has always been the #1 goal to strive to for many players. 

It's not even a content drought. It's a content drought in between content. If argos was 1340 and we had to wait until valtan dropped, there wouldn't be drama. People would just work on horizontal content.
It's not really a valid point, though. To say, oh, they did it in Korea. idk why they would try in the states is kind of silly. Because it's literally a different audience compared to Korea , why wouldn't they try similar things here? It may have a different reaction compared to Korea. 🤷🏾‍♀️.
Just buy it with gold
>then you are no whale,   
>  
>  
>  
>true whales dont blink an eye abt the price when they pay
[deleted]
    It's not "giga cheap" with gold, and it also has a time limit in the store, so people are pressured to either no-life grind away to get the gold, buy the gold from gold farmers/spammers, or spend real cash.

I've been playing since day one a month ago or w/e now, and I still only have a couple thousand gold. I don't play the market manipulation game and I use all my mats for my one character.

$20 is still offensively high for a single skin. And with the set, it's about $40 to get enough crystals to get the skin for the armor/weapon/mount.

Entire games are sold for $40. Entire games.

There is no world in which a single skin is worth over $10. Period.

It is actually fucking insane watching people be conditioned to think $20+ for a SKIN is okay. These companies have completely brainwashed people out of their cash.
skillpoints? stronghold? island hearts? etc...? Stop being a fucking baby, I'm 1353 btw and had no problem with any of the guardians cause the content isnt hard.
Wait I thought thats what I was saying lol. We are forced to grind through the "failed contents" aka T1 and T2. On top of that its actually more P2W with the deadzone and early Argos release.
https://www.reddit.com/r/lostarkgame/comments/tedzff/ideal\_la\_in\_naeu/
Just wanted to clarify something in your post for people not in T3 when you say honing gives +5 ILvl. That is +5 per piece so honing one piece gives 0.83 to total ILvl.
The greed part is what gets me, skins sell like hot cakes in games like this, and for a lot of people the skins and dressing up are some of their favorite things to do. Playing on Russian servers for a few months, the abundance of skins in both the cash shop and on the auction house were staggering.
    Then what the F are we doing here in NA and EU with what, 2 skins total? And the latest one can't be dyed. Oh and it was the worst rated in KR, supposedly.

I wanted to try out LA because I always hear Asian games have literal tons of customization. Talk about a complete and utter letdown.
        Most likely another calculated move to increase profits. Players have been asking for skins, so they'll put out the worst selling skins from KR while people are desperate. Then they'll release the good skins, hoping the same players buy again.
    The main reason I want to get to tier 3 content~ is so I can make gold to buy cosmetics and collect cosmetics. But I legit feel like it is borderline impossible without spending money since I’ve been stuck on 1050-1080 for for like 2 weeks. I get 1 chance at upgrading a piece of gear (maybe 2 chances if I’m lucky) just to fail the honing day after day… really discouraging and unfun.
        [deleted]
            Totally agree and great advice but honing Rng is huge factor too. Im f2p and t2 was super hard for me to get through even with maris shop, pirate coins, chaos dungeon, islands, everything you can think of. I even used tons of star breaths and those % honing books and had some epic fails at 96%. My best friend and wife got through t2 easy in a few days like you said. lol kinda sucked being stuck there for a week while they both doing t3 content. Its ok though, with a bit of work and some help from my friends i got to t3, but the unluck was real hahah
                I’m stuck at t2 as well. You’re not alone, brother. The world may pass me by, but I will not swipe.
                    Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
    On launch Russia had barely any skins too though. I remember playing on launch and only had 1, maybe 2 skin in shop and the Omen pack. So in that regards it's the same as us.
Malice, greed, and incompetence in the gaming industry. They're still releasing patches for new world that make the game worse.
    lol, didnt that die yet?

I bailed a long time ago, legit thought it would be dead by now
        20k players. Seems pretty dead to me.
            Around 20k should be fine. 5k is probably the danger zone of having its development cancelled?
                20k is not fine for an MMO and resources poured into it.
                    Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
                        Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
                I mean it went from 900 k peak to 20 k peak that's really bad
                I'll be turned off soon. 

20k people can't support any type of team. Just break out the math on what they'd have to pay to keep a dev team afloat as well as servers.
                    There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
                        Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
                    If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
                    20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
                        So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
                        Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
                    It won't
                    You have no idea how game population works
                        I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
            Wait, are you saying only 20k players are active on ark?
                Reading comprehension. We're talking about New World.
                    You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
                        Dude is mad he can’t read lol
                        Who insulted you, little guy?
        Yikes New World was a disaster.   
Everyone on Belovodye I sincerely hope you stub your toe on a door stopper spring thing and it echoes through the house
        Its down to 20k players spread between all their servers and continents, so theres about 100 people per server, half are bots.

Atm players are linking screenshots of the entire map being owned by 1 company on almost every server, the company is demanding AGS do anything or theyll raise taxs to max on server and get rid of the 20-40actual people left.
Is Amazon developing NA/EU version of the game? or Smile Gate?
    Amazon is just a publisher. At least they comunicated it like it is...
        Publisher and localizer. They have some influence in things for their version of the game, but not actual dev tools. They can't break away from the design of the developers. So this decision was made together, by both parties. Or Amazon said they wanted it and smilegate agreed to make the change for them.
            Publishers have A LOT more say then you think. What they say goes basically..
                [deleted]
                    Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
                        [deleted]
                When they pay for the development of the game yes, but this is not the case here, SMG didn't need any funding to push the global release i am sure
                    Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
                        I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
                        But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
                    Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
        I realy want to know where people get this idea that a game publisher has little influence over 'their" version of the game. This isn't like with a movie, game publishers can have a lot of say - up to almost complete control - over the versions of the game they distribute.      
PoE is a good example for this. The Chinese version of PoE has features the developer thinks are absolutely detrimental to the game and has stated numerous times will NEVER make it to the main version. Yet the Chinese version has these features, made by the devs at their request, because the Chinese publisher wants them in the game.       
This is just one example. The point is, how much control a publisher has varies a lot depending on their contracts and we simply do not know who is making these decisions for LOA.
            exactly, publishers have influence on games! Are people forgetting how many beloved IPs EA has killed? Activision killed off battlefield with the hot mess that is battlefield 2042.  


Gonna add AGS to the list of publishers to avoid (Activision, EA, kakao, Gamigo)
                Hate saying something good about Activision, but EA publishes Battlefield, not Activision.
            Publishers have ultimate control, always. It's always been this way. 

Suddenly for this game everyone believed amazons pr bullshit
    Seeing how Gold River talked about them it seems they have at least some input on how and what stuff gets released.
There ain't no " pro Amazon people" just ALOT of the hate is totally BS and need to be called out as such. But this is a valid point so no one defends it.
    I've mostly only ever seen valid criticism of Amazon. You don't have to try to find something egregious
        Hahaha. Good one
        Only valid ? Come on people hate on literally everything. Honing no endgame to hard to easy to long to short whatsoever m and often with Alot flaming
Stoopz Defends it.
    Like Kim K just saying "get to work!" while being handed materials and gold by watchers.  Pisses his fans off to mention it too. He's not always wrong, but his perspective is not that of a average player.
        Stoopz was cool to watch the first day or two of launch now he’s just an air head
    Well, stoopz is a paid shill, you knew that right? And he gets free mats and gold from viewers, so he dont know this feeling we others have in this deadzone, struggling to hone.
        Calm down and breathe
            Seemed calm enough to me.
                Yeah, I think it was Zeals or Saint that literally called Stoopz out about it.

"His streamer success is literally riding on this game so of course he's going to downplay all the issues to make it seem not as bad. He doesn't want people to quit in protest."
                    Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
Too much assuming and not enough thinking.
Stop being a brain dead simp. This is Smilegate fuckup they develop the game. Can’t believe we are a month in and people still don’t understand what a publisher and developer are.
If it was pure malice/greed we would of gotten KR's oreha hm. Or did you not know KR's version doesn't have 1340 base ilvl like argos but its just 1302 purple gear but with a +25 enhancement cap ?
Getting these PvP coins…. No PvP vendor lol.
Yeah they need to add all that in
I kind of agree with you, it is really hard to see how this could have been just incompetence but I think you can make up a scenario where it really is just that.
Remember that we've seen slides where they had planned massively buffed honing rates. These never happened for us but imagine another department talking about the 1355 to 1370 changes under the assumption that getting to 1370 wouldn't be a big deal.      
Now, according to Saintone at least, abyss hard mode and yoho only had their ilvl requirement increased but not their stats, making them significantly easier at 1370 than original 1370 content.        
With all that in mind, I can totally see their intention to give people 'easier' 1370 side content compared to Argos as to not have people run into a mechanics/skill check wall with nothing else to do.       
So yeah, with a lot of really, really bad internal communication and confusion, I think it's possible they didn't do this out of greed.
Very unlikely and not inspiring any confidence for the future either... but it's possible.
    [deleted]
        This makes total sense up until the part they normalized ilvl for Argos, so the bus doesn't make much sense anymore.
>At some point incompetence and malice converge to the same result... sadly.

It's not incompetence. Amazon knew exactly what they were doing.
Except it's been proven time and again happy players spend more. It's such a dumb decision because not only are they pushing away small spenders they're pushing away big whales too. Omega whales don't spend in dead games.
dont throw this on ags, manipulating players psychologically is literally the whole game design of free to play/pay to win games. if they did it too, they just said well, the game already does it and has been founded on this very premise, lets do it a little more, no harm done, the game EXISTS ON THIS VERY PREMISE, LIKE ALL P2W DO, OF PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATING US TO FORCE US TO PAY FOR A "FREE" GAME!
Which is exactly why western releases for Korean mmos have done so poorly in the past and why lost ark had the potential to throw that stereotype on its head but it seems to have failed to do so. Maybe the problem isn't Korean game devs like we have thought all along, but the western publishers who seem to "know their playerbase".
    What do they really know? All they look at is analytics and graphs.

They see that Genshin impact makes a killing in NA and EU, they just assumed people would feel the same way about Lost Ark. whale culture is terrible for MMOs and these streamers who have too much damn money only encourage these publishers to keep doing what they are doing.

The same thing happened to BDO, despite that game losing the majority of its Korean player base from scummy micro transactions, the game is still relatively popular in the west. There was a chart that showed that NA is the most profitable region by far in that game and generates as much as the EU and KR player base combined.

This is a case of NA whale culture influencing developers/publishers hands.
        > All they look at is analytics and graphs.

"analytic and graphs" are not words to desrcibe AGS. They're ineptitude to handle even their own games are astounding. One of them even unreleased itself. The other is plagued with bugs, even ones that were reported during its meta and alpha (new world)!
            That’s what happens when big companies think that all they need to do to get into an industry is just throw cash at it.

If AGS had hired actual quality devs with a strong background in the gaming industry and formulated their future past a monthly basis they would have had some top tier AAA games in their catalog. 

The same shit is happening with Prime Video, but on a lesser extent because they have some decent shows.
    Every KRMMO I've personally played (Blade and Soul, TERA, Lost Ark, maybe Kritika was KR I don't remember) has been a really fun game at it's core completely bastardized by monetization choices and the game gets ruined by content being paywall gated or pvp content becoming p2w.

It's happened every time. Lost Ark had so much global praise for how the KR/RU servers were, all they needed to do was bring it over 1:1 with the KR version and the game would've been the best MMO on the market.

But instead, as western capitalist companies do, they say "fuck the playerbase and long term success, let's ride this hype wave and milk out as much as we can in the first 2 months before we let the game die!"
No, they knew that the players who went hard and hit this wall while it was a problem were the same players most likely to pay in order to break through it. They'll pretend it was an oopsie until the casuals catch up and then they'll "fix" it.

It was strategic.
    Seems to me the best way to kill an MMO.

cause once casuals hear they have to spend shit ton (1750$) to reach argos , even the casuals will quit,

Before someone come defending on this , look at steamchart cough.
For real. I'm slow and lazy and terrible and I'm still in late T2 so I'm still having fun and haven't really hit a wall yet, but when I do, I'm not going to swipe or grind for weeks to continue getting upgrades, I'm just not going to play any more. I've got plenty of other games to play and zero tolerance for things being made deliberately shitty just to try and get you to spend.
    Whrn you hit 1340 there will be honing chances and more events like we are having. Don't get riled up because of 100 cry babies
If I can attain the power level with a reasonable ($60) amount of money then it wouldn't be such an issue. If I pay the box price of a non-FTP game, or the equivalent of 3 months subscription for FFXIV, then I would be okay with doing this every once in a while.

But the issue is you are paying money to gamble. It could cost me $60, or it could cost me $500, or it could cost me $2000. I'm not going to take that risk because I'm not a gambling addict. I'm just going to stop playing the hard content and stop taking the game seriously, and just collect mokoko seeds then log off.
Hopefully in the meantime more people just focus on getting alts up instead of resorting to swiping, thats what I've been doing and I'm still enjoying the game.
    Yeah but lots of clases still missing, so for a lot of ppl they are waiting for their class release.
    I am almost 1370 without swiping. It's just slower than the first two tiers but completely doable.
        Just because it's "doable" doesn't mean it's right, you know?
            Yeah I don't think it's good game design after the fast first two tiers, but I just took a different perspective on it and accepted the slightly slower progress in that window.
                This is the way. People are crying now, wait for ilvl 1500+ which KR has now.
                    But they've got actual content at that ilvl
                        I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
They also just don't really do anything.  Scorpion is the same fight as before, but with some pointless adds that get blown up.  


Igrexion is a slow field and some wonky as hell telegraph slams that you've learned harder versions of already from the abyss dungeons.
    Scorpion not running away on burrow is such a quality of life difference lol.

T3 scorpion I think also doesn't do the tail grab? I died to that a few times in lower tiers. T3 was it's sort of a loot pinata.
        It's funny that he's so much easier than the first version.
        T3 Scorpion is pretty mobile (And thus, annoying to fight on my Sorc main and her cast times) but that's about all it has going for it really.
        Even if he had the tail grab by most t3 players know to stagger at this point.  Ive never had a group while i was in his ilvl bracket that didn't double break the tail.
            just did tonight. multiple groups
    the adds if you dont blow them up can singlehandedly kill players.  They get an electricity aoe around them after like 1-3s or so of being alive and run after players and it will melt hp bars. I have to spam frequently for players to kill adds because they ignore them thinking "oh it'll jsut get aoed ig"  and they end up killing 1 or two people.
        One guy said: "no, you have to kill them and I can't help, because it will hurt my DPS too much"
            Welcone to MVP screen mentality. Everyone is so eager to see MVP next to their name that they disregard the prime condition for that - to finish the goddamn raid in the first place.
                Is there even any actual benefit to MVP?
                    e-peen
    From what I've seen, people have a hard time avoiding many of igrexion's attacks and eat a lot of damage, it's just that it's so undertuned that it doesn't really matter.  I don't bother to use panacea, I just let it burn.  Makes sense if he was designed for 1325.
        Yea I dont mind admitting that I have trouble dodging some of igrexions attacks but the game doesnt make me learn them either since I can just face tank them and focus on full dps. Add a support to the mix and probably dont even have to touch pots.

end of T2 was nice with the 8 man raids and so on. And now T3 is just a snoozefest again where you go slap 2 easy guardians daily, run chaos dungeon and then log off your main and go play with alts...
        Dont even need panacea if you got a paladin cleansing it off every 30 seconds.
    True the mechanics are kind of easy you could say, but there is a most likely a big different entering on a 1325 and a 1340 character for the sake of Igrexion.
Yes I do believe so, The scorpions experience might be same since it is actually 1302 and not 1325 i made a mistake there, but entering Igrexion at 1325 vs 1340 would most likely give more "real" guardian experience. I just feel like we lose out on not accessing the content it was tuned for, leaving us: getting less daily materials from not being able to access it earlier, have more challenging content( I feel like guardians and abyss raids is the content I actually get to play my character).
Ya I felt the same, "why are these so squishy? T2 guardians felt harder!" is what I told my friends. Even 1370 Yoho feels easy, I read a guide before I fought her talking about all these abilities turning you into a fox etc. so I'm like okay lets do this and then my party of complete randoms with no support downs her in like 5 minutes with no problem whatsoever. Everything's super easy and squishy. Even the 1370 Hardmode Oreha's Well is pretty easy/squishy.
my mistake on armored narcasena, but the other guardians do have lower requirements on other versions of the game.
    Which present a different issue. If you lower Igrexion to 1325 again players basically leapfrog Nacrasena entirely.
Agreed.
I would heavily disagree with this statement. Endgame starts at minimum T3 (1302), arguably higher in the original version at legion raids. T1 and  (most of) T2 feel like extended tutorial.
Even though that’s possible, I don’t feel it’s healthy for a game to require their players to no life it for 300 hours to reach end game content, majority of the players are new to this game and aren’t gonna have the time or want to do that
imagine playing more than one game for a second.. or you know, a full time job... its cool to also have something that doesnt force you to no life for 10 hours a day for a change
eh, it's reasonable because the 1370 hard modes drop argos tier armor while the 1355 don't. If people were able to hit 1370 smoothly this would be a very positive change.

Of course, people can't hit 1370 smoothly so it creates a larger dead zone and more problems.
I think you are overestimating the average player's knowledge. If you go on foruns that have more "casual" players, most of them even know what are the islands or how to find them.
Just doesn't make sense. If they're trying to milk money they would add so many other things like skins and honing shard boxes. It's not clear at all if this was whalebait or just a big fat mistake as a result of wanting to get us to legion commander raids as soon as possible.
I never said smilegate isn’t at fault too. Majority is going to be Amazon decisions though. I loved new world until the end then realized how bad it was and really hoped ags wouldn’t fk stuff up. Smilegate is at fault too but do you see the only new variable compared to kr/ru versions? It’s Amazon…  smilegate should take blame too but it’s like the two posts under you stated. Publishers do have power
    Oh mb you must work there to know Amazon has full control over the direction of the patches. This nonsense, you’re basing everything on the fact that they fucked up on new world and are ignoring the fact Smilegate has fuck up multiple times. You have no idea how they negotiated things stop pretending like you work there. They are equally to blame because we don’t know how the inner works.
stop with this bullshit of publishers not having influence and power over things. Just turn at look at how many franchises EA and Activision killed due to their greed. Even games published by Gamingo are being milked on their last legs. The chinese version of POE has features that the publishers wanted to add and the devs had to listen.
You have to realise that you are not an average player then. If you go sweaty try hard min-max mode it may take 100 hrs but definitely not for a normal player.
    no minmax and no sweaty play needed. my friends just played the game with knowing nothing about it and made it t3 in 100 hours by just doing the MSQ and islands for materials. they even spend time to farm for some ship sails and stuff while now sitting on 1340 and not playing anymore cause there is nothing to do in a group and the whale baiting is nothing any of us supports . so LA is on ice for a while if not forever if they dont correct those issues. like some already mentioned. LA was supposed to not do those scammy things. the director and even AGS mentioned they wont do it and then they come with all those strange changes to bait whales. the game is good but there are other games to play also.
Especially as bots continue to devalue gold and make legitimately buying currency less and less beneficial, effectively causing the paywall to get continuously taller
    If we got more gold from the abyss raids then the bots would be forced to have even lower profit margins, we get like 20 or 30% of what the other versions make per raid.

Not sure at what point will it be inconvenient for them to continue their operation but there should be a limit where even they say it's enough.
        Agreed, but of course instead of pushing that threshold I’ve been hearing friends talk about how they’d rather pay $25 and roll the ban dice for substantially more gold than $100 of royal crystals can buy
Yep I've seen people going from 1350 to 1351.63 in 3 days, I don't know why you would begin this gamble in the first place, it's pretty chill in here
    Hey that’s me. My goal is 1355 so I can hit up just a little more content but I made the decision a while ago to avoid lighting my material on fire for 1370. Happy to fill out my Adventure Tome while slowly stopping my grind. Definitely not worth it.
        This is what I did. Since they screwed us on the vertical progression, I've just been filling out my horizontal progression in the meantime.
Dont listen to people who say 1340 is the top I'm almost 1355 and i can only play 2-3hrs top on weekdays. If you had maybe 6hrs a day you could definitely be 1370 with 2 alts in t3 by now. 

Obviously the 1340-1370 deadzone is garbage though. Only having the 1355 chaos dungeon to look forward to till 1370 is so greedy it's mind boggling.
[deleted]
    How about you calm down, jean d'arc. Not everyone has as much time as you to play 9-10 hours a day. If you have achieved this, congrats, but dont compare yourself to people who got a life outside this game and only want to play casually 2-3 hours at most a day.
        [deleted]
            How about no? You know, empathy for casual players is a thing. If youre content with the current state of the game, fine, but if you got nothing to say that could result in the devs making changes, dont say anything at all. Youre neither part of the solution nor part of the problem. Just filler words nobody needs. Just... dont talk.
So just to clarify for you: what you're talking about is vertical progression.Things that raise your ilvl = vertical progression. 
There's tons of horizontal progression during all tiers. Adventure tome completion, island soul, giant's hearts, skill potions, stat potions, omnium stars, rapport, masterpiece collection, roster level, trade skills.
Have you gotten all the runes you need? Have you been getting all your skill points from potions? Do you have decent abilities in your gear/inventory? Have you reached legendary engravings? Do you have decent stats from your accesories?

You get these from island tokens, adventurers tome, giant heart, Punikka rapport. I think there's quite the stuff to do still imo even if you can get all these in a week if you focus on it, even if I'm not upgrading gear I still feel my character gets stronger each day
If you acknowledge #1 as an issue then why even bring up #2? #2 is directly caused by #1. Literally no one is asking for there to not be a grind?
You clearly dont know much about the game. The grind will still be there after honing changes and more resources....
Nothing wrong with that, if they just increase the materials required. In fact the RNG is just fundamentally a bad design, which is deliberate to encourage whaling using psychological tricks.
WoW had about 10 years of good will. This game has barely been released a month. You're also comparing it to a game which was lightning in a bottle and defined a genre.
People come back to those games because they finish the content that came out. That isn't the case here. People are leaving because they are pissed at the game. Huge difference.
    Only reason I mentioned WoW was because 3 expansions in a row they dropped the ball, and broke it. 

Yet people still come back to play it
        like others said, they had 10 years of good will from the players. so players come back to see if they hit the magic again. Shadowlands sold but most of the players quit already in the first few months because you could see that the expansion was another fail. LA had no time to create goodwill in the West. Too many bad changes made it already a rocky start and now even the so called "games media" report about the "deadzones and leaving players and polling about is lost ark dying in the west" at least in the german games media. what happens is that those casuals that are stuck in T1 are the people reading those media and when they see that there is no point investing in the game they just leave to another game thats popular at the moment.
Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.

I've played other Smilegate games (such as Epic7), and believe you me, they're good at inducing burnout and then half fixing it later. Amazon's game studio is a bit wild at the moment. They seem to do big mess ups that confuse me, but they do seem genuinely interested in player feedback and fixing tings (I think the 5 people that play New World now would say things are going in a positive direction).
    > Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.
> 
> 

Google translate the comments and seems RU and JP regions publisher does whatever they want. This is getting me worried lol.

I didn't ignore the game like i did with new world because i thought AGS wasn't going to shit on it.. and seems its shittin on it.
Amazon, the company that didn't make a profit for over a decade so they could eventually dominate it? You think that Amazon is known for making a quick buck?

I actually do think this is 100% due to greed, but not the kind of greed that just wants to make a quick buck. I think the problem is the guy in charge of AGS is some chud who was with Bezos from the "bookstore days", he's not a gamer and he's responsible for a lot of the core problems with New World. I have no real evidence that he's involved here, but it makes the most sense. Whomever made this decision doesn't understand the gamer demographic, and that guy is not a gamer.
But they did grab a ton of money from whales? Not to mention New World also sold cosmetics. We all don't know what is happening there at Amazon and all we can do is speculate. Who knows, Amazon might even be the botters selling gold? /s
Let’s just hope that Lost Ark doesn’t walk the same path…
    I’m hoping not too since I really enjoy the game but it’s not looking so good at the moment
it's still a completely bugged mess tho and almost everyone playing it thinks the combat is terrible now (the only good thing it had going for it on launch) The New World subreddit is filled with negativity almost exclusively even in the past week. (no idea myself, haven't played since I hit max lvl like 2 weeks in)
Getting gated on rapport sucks ass especially since real money costumes gives charisma and shit.


Why do you feel like you need to so chaos dungs etc if you just want to progress tome or go fishing? Sure, you need to hit t3 to unlock punika but other than that, there's 0 reason to do chaos/raids except to further your ilvl which for you is not something you care about.

Am I misunderstanding something? Honest question, not trying to tell you how to play
The problem is when they release more, if its all post 1370 content, you'll still have to grind past the wall.
Except you can't reach endgame content when you are back. So it's more like go play something else and never come back
the wealth of content being mokoko seeds, stronghold and fishing?
sorry i m an ass :D

obviously you are very reasonable, i just thought you were one of those "i enjoy the game so everything is fine" guys...

sry for my rant, nothing wrong with what you do and the pace is perfectly fine

there are people tho that just do things their way and ignore all other problems and i mistook you for one of those
Lmao well put
All i see out of you is another entitled fuck clutching their pearls because they were got checked on their bullshit.  If you give a shit about the game you'd support the community pushing for this change, not bullshitting the public and sitting around sniffing your farts because you think your "horizontal progression" experiences are exclusive.
It's not "giga cheap" with gold, and it also has a time limit in the store, so people are pressured to either no-life grind away to get the gold, buy the gold from gold farmers/spammers, or spend real cash.

I've been playing since day one a month ago or w/e now, and I still only have a couple thousand gold. I don't play the market manipulation game and I use all my mats for my one character.

$20 is still offensively high for a single skin. And with the set, it's about $40 to get enough crystals to get the skin for the armor/weapon/mount.

Entire games are sold for $40. Entire games.

There is no world in which a single skin is worth over $10. Period.

It is actually fucking insane watching people be conditioned to think $20+ for a SKIN is okay. These companies have completely brainwashed people out of their cash.
Then what the F are we doing here in NA and EU with what, 2 skins total? And the latest one can't be dyed. Oh and it was the worst rated in KR, supposedly.

I wanted to try out LA because I always hear Asian games have literal tons of customization. Talk about a complete and utter letdown.
    Most likely another calculated move to increase profits. Players have been asking for skins, so they'll put out the worst selling skins from KR while people are desperate. Then they'll release the good skins, hoping the same players buy again.
The main reason I want to get to tier 3 content~ is so I can make gold to buy cosmetics and collect cosmetics. But I legit feel like it is borderline impossible without spending money since I’ve been stuck on 1050-1080 for for like 2 weeks. I get 1 chance at upgrading a piece of gear (maybe 2 chances if I’m lucky) just to fail the honing day after day… really discouraging and unfun.
    [deleted]
        Totally agree and great advice but honing Rng is huge factor too. Im f2p and t2 was super hard for me to get through even with maris shop, pirate coins, chaos dungeon, islands, everything you can think of. I even used tons of star breaths and those % honing books and had some epic fails at 96%. My best friend and wife got through t2 easy in a few days like you said. lol kinda sucked being stuck there for a week while they both doing t3 content. Its ok though, with a bit of work and some help from my friends i got to t3, but the unluck was real hahah
            I’m stuck at t2 as well. You’re not alone, brother. The world may pass me by, but I will not swipe.
                Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
On launch Russia had barely any skins too though. I remember playing on launch and only had 1, maybe 2 skin in shop and the Omen pack. So in that regards it's the same as us.
lol, didnt that die yet?

I bailed a long time ago, legit thought it would be dead by now
    20k players. Seems pretty dead to me.
        Around 20k should be fine. 5k is probably the danger zone of having its development cancelled?
            20k is not fine for an MMO and resources poured into it.
                Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
                    Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
            I mean it went from 900 k peak to 20 k peak that's really bad
            I'll be turned off soon. 

20k people can't support any type of team. Just break out the math on what they'd have to pay to keep a dev team afloat as well as servers.
                There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
                    Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
                If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
                20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
                    So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
                    Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
                It won't
                You have no idea how game population works
                    I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
        Wait, are you saying only 20k players are active on ark?
            Reading comprehension. We're talking about New World.
                You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
                    Dude is mad he can’t read lol
                    Who insulted you, little guy?
    Yikes New World was a disaster.   
Everyone on Belovodye I sincerely hope you stub your toe on a door stopper spring thing and it echoes through the house
    Its down to 20k players spread between all their servers and continents, so theres about 100 people per server, half are bots.

Atm players are linking screenshots of the entire map being owned by 1 company on almost every server, the company is demanding AGS do anything or theyll raise taxs to max on server and get rid of the 20-40actual people left.
Amazon is just a publisher. At least they comunicated it like it is...
    Publisher and localizer. They have some influence in things for their version of the game, but not actual dev tools. They can't break away from the design of the developers. So this decision was made together, by both parties. Or Amazon said they wanted it and smilegate agreed to make the change for them.
        Publishers have A LOT more say then you think. What they say goes basically..
            [deleted]
                Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
                    [deleted]
            When they pay for the development of the game yes, but this is not the case here, SMG didn't need any funding to push the global release i am sure
                Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
                    I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
                    But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
                Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
    I realy want to know where people get this idea that a game publisher has little influence over 'their" version of the game. This isn't like with a movie, game publishers can have a lot of say - up to almost complete control - over the versions of the game they distribute.      
PoE is a good example for this. The Chinese version of PoE has features the developer thinks are absolutely detrimental to the game and has stated numerous times will NEVER make it to the main version. Yet the Chinese version has these features, made by the devs at their request, because the Chinese publisher wants them in the game.       
This is just one example. The point is, how much control a publisher has varies a lot depending on their contracts and we simply do not know who is making these decisions for LOA.
        exactly, publishers have influence on games! Are people forgetting how many beloved IPs EA has killed? Activision killed off battlefield with the hot mess that is battlefield 2042.  


Gonna add AGS to the list of publishers to avoid (Activision, EA, kakao, Gamigo)
            Hate saying something good about Activision, but EA publishes Battlefield, not Activision.
        Publishers have ultimate control, always. It's always been this way. 

Suddenly for this game everyone believed amazons pr bullshit
Seeing how Gold River talked about them it seems they have at least some input on how and what stuff gets released.
I've mostly only ever seen valid criticism of Amazon. You don't have to try to find something egregious
    Hahaha. Good one
    Only valid ? Come on people hate on literally everything. Honing no endgame to hard to easy to long to short whatsoever m and often with Alot flaming
Like Kim K just saying "get to work!" while being handed materials and gold by watchers.  Pisses his fans off to mention it too. He's not always wrong, but his perspective is not that of a average player.
    Stoopz was cool to watch the first day or two of launch now he’s just an air head
Well, stoopz is a paid shill, you knew that right? And he gets free mats and gold from viewers, so he dont know this feeling we others have in this deadzone, struggling to hone.
    Calm down and breathe
        Seemed calm enough to me.
            Yeah, I think it was Zeals or Saint that literally called Stoopz out about it.

"His streamer success is literally riding on this game so of course he's going to downplay all the issues to make it seem not as bad. He doesn't want people to quit in protest."
                Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
[deleted]
    This makes total sense up until the part they normalized ilvl for Argos, so the bus doesn't make much sense anymore.
What do they really know? All they look at is analytics and graphs.

They see that Genshin impact makes a killing in NA and EU, they just assumed people would feel the same way about Lost Ark. whale culture is terrible for MMOs and these streamers who have too much damn money only encourage these publishers to keep doing what they are doing.

The same thing happened to BDO, despite that game losing the majority of its Korean player base from scummy micro transactions, the game is still relatively popular in the west. There was a chart that showed that NA is the most profitable region by far in that game and generates as much as the EU and KR player base combined.

This is a case of NA whale culture influencing developers/publishers hands.
    > All they look at is analytics and graphs.

"analytic and graphs" are not words to desrcibe AGS. They're ineptitude to handle even their own games are astounding. One of them even unreleased itself. The other is plagued with bugs, even ones that were reported during its meta and alpha (new world)!
        That’s what happens when big companies think that all they need to do to get into an industry is just throw cash at it.

If AGS had hired actual quality devs with a strong background in the gaming industry and formulated their future past a monthly basis they would have had some top tier AAA games in their catalog. 

The same shit is happening with Prime Video, but on a lesser extent because they have some decent shows.
Every KRMMO I've personally played (Blade and Soul, TERA, Lost Ark, maybe Kritika was KR I don't remember) has been a really fun game at it's core completely bastardized by monetization choices and the game gets ruined by content being paywall gated or pvp content becoming p2w.

It's happened every time. Lost Ark had so much global praise for how the KR/RU servers were, all they needed to do was bring it over 1:1 with the KR version and the game would've been the best MMO on the market.

But instead, as western capitalist companies do, they say "fuck the playerbase and long term success, let's ride this hype wave and milk out as much as we can in the first 2 months before we let the game die!"
Seems to me the best way to kill an MMO.

cause once casuals hear they have to spend shit ton (1750$) to reach argos , even the casuals will quit,

Before someone come defending on this , look at steamchart cough.
Whrn you hit 1340 there will be honing chances and more events like we are having. Don't get riled up because of 100 cry babies
Yeah but lots of clases still missing, so for a lot of ppl they are waiting for their class release.
I am almost 1370 without swiping. It's just slower than the first two tiers but completely doable.
    Just because it's "doable" doesn't mean it's right, you know?
        Yeah I don't think it's good game design after the fast first two tiers, but I just took a different perspective on it and accepted the slightly slower progress in that window.
            This is the way. People are crying now, wait for ilvl 1500+ which KR has now.
                But they've got actual content at that ilvl
                    I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
Scorpion not running away on burrow is such a quality of life difference lol.

T3 scorpion I think also doesn't do the tail grab? I died to that a few times in lower tiers. T3 was it's sort of a loot pinata.
    It's funny that he's so much easier than the first version.
    T3 Scorpion is pretty mobile (And thus, annoying to fight on my Sorc main and her cast times) but that's about all it has going for it really.
    Even if he had the tail grab by most t3 players know to stagger at this point.  Ive never had a group while i was in his ilvl bracket that didn't double break the tail.
        just did tonight. multiple groups
the adds if you dont blow them up can singlehandedly kill players.  They get an electricity aoe around them after like 1-3s or so of being alive and run after players and it will melt hp bars. I have to spam frequently for players to kill adds because they ignore them thinking "oh it'll jsut get aoed ig"  and they end up killing 1 or two people.
    One guy said: "no, you have to kill them and I can't help, because it will hurt my DPS too much"
        Welcone to MVP screen mentality. Everyone is so eager to see MVP next to their name that they disregard the prime condition for that - to finish the goddamn raid in the first place.
            Is there even any actual benefit to MVP?
                e-peen
From what I've seen, people have a hard time avoiding many of igrexion's attacks and eat a lot of damage, it's just that it's so undertuned that it doesn't really matter.  I don't bother to use panacea, I just let it burn.  Makes sense if he was designed for 1325.
    Yea I dont mind admitting that I have trouble dodging some of igrexions attacks but the game doesnt make me learn them either since I can just face tank them and focus on full dps. Add a support to the mix and probably dont even have to touch pots.

end of T2 was nice with the 8 man raids and so on. And now T3 is just a snoozefest again where you go slap 2 easy guardians daily, run chaos dungeon and then log off your main and go play with alts...
    Dont even need panacea if you got a paladin cleansing it off every 30 seconds.
True the mechanics are kind of easy you could say, but there is a most likely a big different entering on a 1325 and a 1340 character for the sake of Igrexion.
Which present a different issue. If you lower Igrexion to 1325 again players basically leapfrog Nacrasena entirely.
Oh mb you must work there to know Amazon has full control over the direction of the patches. This nonsense, you’re basing everything on the fact that they fucked up on new world and are ignoring the fact Smilegate has fuck up multiple times. You have no idea how they negotiated things stop pretending like you work there. They are equally to blame because we don’t know how the inner works.
no minmax and no sweaty play needed. my friends just played the game with knowing nothing about it and made it t3 in 100 hours by just doing the MSQ and islands for materials. they even spend time to farm for some ship sails and stuff while now sitting on 1340 and not playing anymore cause there is nothing to do in a group and the whale baiting is nothing any of us supports . so LA is on ice for a while if not forever if they dont correct those issues. like some already mentioned. LA was supposed to not do those scammy things. the director and even AGS mentioned they wont do it and then they come with all those strange changes to bait whales. the game is good but there are other games to play also.
If we got more gold from the abyss raids then the bots would be forced to have even lower profit margins, we get like 20 or 30% of what the other versions make per raid.

Not sure at what point will it be inconvenient for them to continue their operation but there should be a limit where even they say it's enough.
    Agreed, but of course instead of pushing that threshold I’ve been hearing friends talk about how they’d rather pay $25 and roll the ban dice for substantially more gold than $100 of royal crystals can buy
Hey that’s me. My goal is 1355 so I can hit up just a little more content but I made the decision a while ago to avoid lighting my material on fire for 1370. Happy to fill out my Adventure Tome while slowly stopping my grind. Definitely not worth it.
    This is what I did. Since they screwed us on the vertical progression, I've just been filling out my horizontal progression in the meantime.
How about you calm down, jean d'arc. Not everyone has as much time as you to play 9-10 hours a day. If you have achieved this, congrats, but dont compare yourself to people who got a life outside this game and only want to play casually 2-3 hours at most a day.
    [deleted]
        How about no? You know, empathy for casual players is a thing. If youre content with the current state of the game, fine, but if you got nothing to say that could result in the devs making changes, dont say anything at all. Youre neither part of the solution nor part of the problem. Just filler words nobody needs. Just... dont talk.
Only reason I mentioned WoW was because 3 expansions in a row they dropped the ball, and broke it. 

Yet people still come back to play it
    like others said, they had 10 years of good will from the players. so players come back to see if they hit the magic again. Shadowlands sold but most of the players quit already in the first few months because you could see that the expansion was another fail. LA had no time to create goodwill in the West. Too many bad changes made it already a rocky start and now even the so called "games media" report about the "deadzones and leaving players and polling about is lost ark dying in the west" at least in the german games media. what happens is that those casuals that are stuck in T1 are the people reading those media and when they see that there is no point investing in the game they just leave to another game thats popular at the moment.
> Hard to be sure if it's Smilegate or Amazon yet to be honest.
> 
> 

Google translate the comments and seems RU and JP regions publisher does whatever they want. This is getting me worried lol.

I didn't ignore the game like i did with new world because i thought AGS wasn't going to shit on it.. and seems its shittin on it.
I’m hoping not too since I really enjoy the game but it’s not looking so good at the moment
Most likely another calculated move to increase profits. Players have been asking for skins, so they'll put out the worst selling skins from KR while people are desperate. Then they'll release the good skins, hoping the same players buy again.
[deleted]
    Totally agree and great advice but honing Rng is huge factor too. Im f2p and t2 was super hard for me to get through even with maris shop, pirate coins, chaos dungeon, islands, everything you can think of. I even used tons of star breaths and those % honing books and had some epic fails at 96%. My best friend and wife got through t2 easy in a few days like you said. lol kinda sucked being stuck there for a week while they both doing t3 content. Its ok though, with a bit of work and some help from my friends i got to t3, but the unluck was real hahah
        I’m stuck at t2 as well. You’re not alone, brother. The world may pass me by, but I will not swipe.
            Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
20k players. Seems pretty dead to me.
    Around 20k should be fine. 5k is probably the danger zone of having its development cancelled?
        20k is not fine for an MMO and resources poured into it.
            Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
                Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
        I mean it went from 900 k peak to 20 k peak that's really bad
        I'll be turned off soon. 

20k people can't support any type of team. Just break out the math on what they'd have to pay to keep a dev team afloat as well as servers.
            There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
                Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
            If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
            20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
                So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
                Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
            It won't
            You have no idea how game population works
                I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
    Wait, are you saying only 20k players are active on ark?
        Reading comprehension. We're talking about New World.
            You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
                Dude is mad he can’t read lol
                Who insulted you, little guy?
Yikes New World was a disaster.   
Everyone on Belovodye I sincerely hope you stub your toe on a door stopper spring thing and it echoes through the house
Its down to 20k players spread between all their servers and continents, so theres about 100 people per server, half are bots.

Atm players are linking screenshots of the entire map being owned by 1 company on almost every server, the company is demanding AGS do anything or theyll raise taxs to max on server and get rid of the 20-40actual people left.
Publisher and localizer. They have some influence in things for their version of the game, but not actual dev tools. They can't break away from the design of the developers. So this decision was made together, by both parties. Or Amazon said they wanted it and smilegate agreed to make the change for them.
    Publishers have A LOT more say then you think. What they say goes basically..
        [deleted]
            Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
                [deleted]
        When they pay for the development of the game yes, but this is not the case here, SMG didn't need any funding to push the global release i am sure
            Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
                I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
                But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
            Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
I realy want to know where people get this idea that a game publisher has little influence over 'their" version of the game. This isn't like with a movie, game publishers can have a lot of say - up to almost complete control - over the versions of the game they distribute.      
PoE is a good example for this. The Chinese version of PoE has features the developer thinks are absolutely detrimental to the game and has stated numerous times will NEVER make it to the main version. Yet the Chinese version has these features, made by the devs at their request, because the Chinese publisher wants them in the game.       
This is just one example. The point is, how much control a publisher has varies a lot depending on their contracts and we simply do not know who is making these decisions for LOA.
    exactly, publishers have influence on games! Are people forgetting how many beloved IPs EA has killed? Activision killed off battlefield with the hot mess that is battlefield 2042.  


Gonna add AGS to the list of publishers to avoid (Activision, EA, kakao, Gamigo)
        Hate saying something good about Activision, but EA publishes Battlefield, not Activision.
    Publishers have ultimate control, always. It's always been this way. 

Suddenly for this game everyone believed amazons pr bullshit
Hahaha. Good one
Only valid ? Come on people hate on literally everything. Honing no endgame to hard to easy to long to short whatsoever m and often with Alot flaming
Stoopz was cool to watch the first day or two of launch now he’s just an air head
Calm down and breathe
    Seemed calm enough to me.
        Yeah, I think it was Zeals or Saint that literally called Stoopz out about it.

"His streamer success is literally riding on this game so of course he's going to downplay all the issues to make it seem not as bad. He doesn't want people to quit in protest."
            Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
This makes total sense up until the part they normalized ilvl for Argos, so the bus doesn't make much sense anymore.
> All they look at is analytics and graphs.

"analytic and graphs" are not words to desrcibe AGS. They're ineptitude to handle even their own games are astounding. One of them even unreleased itself. The other is plagued with bugs, even ones that were reported during its meta and alpha (new world)!
    That’s what happens when big companies think that all they need to do to get into an industry is just throw cash at it.

If AGS had hired actual quality devs with a strong background in the gaming industry and formulated their future past a monthly basis they would have had some top tier AAA games in their catalog. 

The same shit is happening with Prime Video, but on a lesser extent because they have some decent shows.
Just because it's "doable" doesn't mean it's right, you know?
    Yeah I don't think it's good game design after the fast first two tiers, but I just took a different perspective on it and accepted the slightly slower progress in that window.
        This is the way. People are crying now, wait for ilvl 1500+ which KR has now.
            But they've got actual content at that ilvl
                I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
It's funny that he's so much easier than the first version.
T3 Scorpion is pretty mobile (And thus, annoying to fight on my Sorc main and her cast times) but that's about all it has going for it really.
Even if he had the tail grab by most t3 players know to stagger at this point.  Ive never had a group while i was in his ilvl bracket that didn't double break the tail.
    just did tonight. multiple groups
One guy said: "no, you have to kill them and I can't help, because it will hurt my DPS too much"
    Welcone to MVP screen mentality. Everyone is so eager to see MVP next to their name that they disregard the prime condition for that - to finish the goddamn raid in the first place.
        Is there even any actual benefit to MVP?
            e-peen
Yea I dont mind admitting that I have trouble dodging some of igrexions attacks but the game doesnt make me learn them either since I can just face tank them and focus on full dps. Add a support to the mix and probably dont even have to touch pots.

end of T2 was nice with the 8 man raids and so on. And now T3 is just a snoozefest again where you go slap 2 easy guardians daily, run chaos dungeon and then log off your main and go play with alts...
Dont even need panacea if you got a paladin cleansing it off every 30 seconds.
Agreed, but of course instead of pushing that threshold I’ve been hearing friends talk about how they’d rather pay $25 and roll the ban dice for substantially more gold than $100 of royal crystals can buy
This is what I did. Since they screwed us on the vertical progression, I've just been filling out my horizontal progression in the meantime.
[deleted]
    How about no? You know, empathy for casual players is a thing. If youre content with the current state of the game, fine, but if you got nothing to say that could result in the devs making changes, dont say anything at all. Youre neither part of the solution nor part of the problem. Just filler words nobody needs. Just... dont talk.
like others said, they had 10 years of good will from the players. so players come back to see if they hit the magic again. Shadowlands sold but most of the players quit already in the first few months because you could see that the expansion was another fail. LA had no time to create goodwill in the West. Too many bad changes made it already a rocky start and now even the so called "games media" report about the "deadzones and leaving players and polling about is lost ark dying in the west" at least in the german games media. what happens is that those casuals that are stuck in T1 are the people reading those media and when they see that there is no point investing in the game they just leave to another game thats popular at the moment.
Totally agree and great advice but honing Rng is huge factor too. Im f2p and t2 was super hard for me to get through even with maris shop, pirate coins, chaos dungeon, islands, everything you can think of. I even used tons of star breaths and those % honing books and had some epic fails at 96%. My best friend and wife got through t2 easy in a few days like you said. lol kinda sucked being stuck there for a week while they both doing t3 content. Its ok though, with a bit of work and some help from my friends i got to t3, but the unluck was real hahah
    I’m stuck at t2 as well. You’re not alone, brother. The world may pass me by, but I will not swipe.
        Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
Around 20k should be fine. 5k is probably the danger zone of having its development cancelled?
    20k is not fine for an MMO and resources poured into it.
        Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
            Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
    I mean it went from 900 k peak to 20 k peak that's really bad
    I'll be turned off soon. 

20k people can't support any type of team. Just break out the math on what they'd have to pay to keep a dev team afloat as well as servers.
        There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
            Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
        If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
        20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
            So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
            Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
        It won't
        You have no idea how game population works
            I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
Wait, are you saying only 20k players are active on ark?
    Reading comprehension. We're talking about New World.
        You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
            Dude is mad he can’t read lol
            Who insulted you, little guy?
Publishers have A LOT more say then you think. What they say goes basically..
    [deleted]
        Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
            [deleted]
    When they pay for the development of the game yes, but this is not the case here, SMG didn't need any funding to push the global release i am sure
        Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
            I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
            But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
        Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
exactly, publishers have influence on games! Are people forgetting how many beloved IPs EA has killed? Activision killed off battlefield with the hot mess that is battlefield 2042.  


Gonna add AGS to the list of publishers to avoid (Activision, EA, kakao, Gamigo)
    Hate saying something good about Activision, but EA publishes Battlefield, not Activision.
Publishers have ultimate control, always. It's always been this way. 

Suddenly for this game everyone believed amazons pr bullshit
Seemed calm enough to me.
    Yeah, I think it was Zeals or Saint that literally called Stoopz out about it.

"His streamer success is literally riding on this game so of course he's going to downplay all the issues to make it seem not as bad. He doesn't want people to quit in protest."
        Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
That’s what happens when big companies think that all they need to do to get into an industry is just throw cash at it.

If AGS had hired actual quality devs with a strong background in the gaming industry and formulated their future past a monthly basis they would have had some top tier AAA games in their catalog. 

The same shit is happening with Prime Video, but on a lesser extent because they have some decent shows.
Yeah I don't think it's good game design after the fast first two tiers, but I just took a different perspective on it and accepted the slightly slower progress in that window.
    This is the way. People are crying now, wait for ilvl 1500+ which KR has now.
        But they've got actual content at that ilvl
            I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
just did tonight. multiple groups
Welcone to MVP screen mentality. Everyone is so eager to see MVP next to their name that they disregard the prime condition for that - to finish the goddamn raid in the first place.
    Is there even any actual benefit to MVP?
        e-peen
How about no? You know, empathy for casual players is a thing. If youre content with the current state of the game, fine, but if you got nothing to say that could result in the devs making changes, dont say anything at all. Youre neither part of the solution nor part of the problem. Just filler words nobody needs. Just... dont talk.
I’m stuck at t2 as well. You’re not alone, brother. The world may pass me by, but I will not swipe.
    Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
20k is not fine for an MMO and resources poured into it.
    Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
        Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
I mean it went from 900 k peak to 20 k peak that's really bad
I'll be turned off soon. 

20k people can't support any type of team. Just break out the math on what they'd have to pay to keep a dev team afloat as well as servers.
    There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
        Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
    If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
    20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
        So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
        Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
    It won't
    You have no idea how game population works
        I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
Reading comprehension. We're talking about New World.
    You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
        Dude is mad he can’t read lol
        Who insulted you, little guy?
[deleted]
    Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
        [deleted]
When they pay for the development of the game yes, but this is not the case here, SMG didn't need any funding to push the global release i am sure
    Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
        I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
        But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
    Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
Hate saying something good about Activision, but EA publishes Battlefield, not Activision.
Yeah, I think it was Zeals or Saint that literally called Stoopz out about it.

"His streamer success is literally riding on this game so of course he's going to downplay all the issues to make it seem not as bad. He doesn't want people to quit in protest."
    Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
This is the way. People are crying now, wait for ilvl 1500+ which KR has now.
    But they've got actual content at that ilvl
        I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
Is there even any actual benefit to MVP?
    e-peen
Yall never heard of islands for mats and the tower? Stuck in T2 wtf are u even doing mate
Eve online seems to hold just fine around there and it's not a simple setup.

[https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility](https://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility)

Don't know why more mmo's don't follow their model. Everyone can play with everyone globally and it's all one universe. Market system hits the spot and the way they handled botters at their prime makes NW and LA's bot situation look like child's play.
    Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
There are many old mmos that still exist with peak player counts of <20k, many of them with numbers in the hundreds only e.g. rift, vindictus, mabinogi, etc.

In most of these cases the original dev team is no longer involved with the game at all and a minimal crew of 1 or 2 person max is left to just keep the game running and cycle previous cash grab events on repeat.

The leftover players are either whales or die hard fans and do not care for new contents, but do spend enough money to keep the game profitable.
    Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
If I understand the numbers correctly they got 20k "online" players and that is definitively enough for a small team of 10-20 at least.

Hell it's more about how many unique players they got and if they can earn money from ingame sales somehow and I believe there is no way to "swipe" in Newworld, so at 20k online players they may struggle in the long run.

One example is [tibia.com](https://tibia.com) or "cipsoft" the company in an earlier post in 2012 had ish 40k players online or as they said 500k unique players with a team of 50+ now 100+ and mostly sub 15k online, but they got another way to make money (you can swipe) then newworld.
20k people is definitely enough to sustain a region, as long as there's long time whales that continue to pay. As for whether it's enough in terms of global population, that's more of a stretch. But there are some games (World of Tanks) that have less than 20k players but are still wildly profitable simply because it's just the same whales who have stayed with the game the whole time. But world of tanks also has a huge global player base so they also have that to work with.
    So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
    Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
It won't
You have no idea how game population works
    I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
You know a question has a purpose, which is discovery. The start was about lost ark and one person said new world and it morphed; I hadn't caught that. Now I know. Insults just make you the smaller person.
    Dude is mad he can’t read lol
    Who insulted you, little guy?
Internationally? LA was only successful in Korea and only recently with the latest T3 release.
    [deleted]
Uhmmn publishers are the ones responsible for the Financials of the game. That's the point of a publisher.  

If anyone has more say to what gets put into the game, it's the publisher as they're the one funding the global release. They care about getting their money's worth. Developers simply make the game and make the changes necessary. So there is an argument to be made that it's both parties fault.
    I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
    But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
Litterally what they say goes. Smilegate has very little say, they can just express their opinions. Smilegate did not want the class names changed for the western launch, unfortunately AGS has the final say what gets published.
Yeah I listened to all 3 and watched their videos and stoopz attitude really put me off compared to the other two.

Like we get you have experience in the game and are considered a knowledgeable source but the way he lashes out at opposing opinions was offputting.
But they've got actual content at that ilvl
    I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
e-peen
Both ESO and GW2 follow the same model where they have one single megaserver.
Yea, that is definitely a route that a game can go. Will amazon keep a game in that state? Remains to be seen but they have shit canned 5 games already, I doubt they hang onto this.
So, nw has none of those things. So not at all like that.
Only way to whale in NW is to do RMT or buy all the cosmetics but there's not much. It's a one time b2p game for $40. Though I really like the break from p2w, I'd like to see them introduce a subscription or something that can sustain content development.

End game is territorial pvp.
I do actually. Ive worked on the server side, physical layer.  The upkeep isn't zero. 

You figure you have maybe 100k people still in that game. There is no sub. The majority will not be buying mtx in any that. 

Feel free to break that math out and prove me wrong.
Dude is mad he can’t read lol
Who insulted you, little guy?
[deleted]
I might be reading into it too much, or it was a bad translation, but in the Gold River interview it was said that he himself had to ask Amazon if he could implement certain content, believe he was talking about Legion Raids. But going off of that, it definitely seems like AGS is calling the shots on what is allowed in our version and what is not. 

I personally believe it's AGS making the calls. Either way, they need to come out and just say what they are doing. Giving us some kind of information on what their plan is, is better than this beating around the bush "we are working on a solution". What's the solution? Are you just delaying all the content until people crawl there way through the dead zone? Do you plan to implement the missing content (heroic gaurdians, etc) that will help with honing material? Honing changes?
But that's the thing, usually publishers finance the game development before it's released, but the game is already developed, just paying for server in the global release and localization is not really the same as paying developers for years before they even have a product.

If SMG entered a deal where they have no say on global release then wtf were they thinking? for sure had they had the funds to do it, why cage yourself when you don't need to?
I do agree they have way more content to do. But would you not get bored of doing the brelshaza legion raid after the 50th clear?
