[[i think i narrowed it down to these,, who’s canonically the most powerful character in smash]]

Post Content:


Comments:
I dunno man, Sephiroth uses a whole bottle of shampoo to wash his hair... That's pretty powerful.
    With that logic, Palutena's equally as powerful.
        one of them is canon
            The other in Ganon
                I’m confused why Ganon is even on the list, he’s gotten his shit wrecked by Link in every game of Zelda I have ever played.
                    I’m guessing it’s deciding their power in a vacuum.
                        in Kirby then?
                    I’m not an expert in Zelda lore but possibly because its always taken two of them to beat him.
                        Not really. 

Most of the time it's just link.

Link should be on the list if ganondorf is imo.
                            I think it's because Link only beats Ganondorf with the Master Sword, which is the only thing that can actually kill Ganon. Not to mention that he'll just reincarnate and get you eventually. I think he's up here because he's effectively immortal.

You have to win every time, he only has to win once.
                Maybe it's Maybelline?
            One lost to sentient carrots.
                The other is Palutena
                    they've *both* lost to sentient carrots?

glad i've kept my hair short
                You wouldn’t?
            Wait,/Seph actually goes through a full bottle?
        With that logic, Steve is an unstoppable force
        With that logic, Bayo is equally as powerful.
            reminds me of the "I'm washing me and my clothes" vine
            With that logic incineroar is equally as powerful
            With that logic, she would be the strongest because her whole outfit is made out of her own hair
            BY these standards Bayo is the most powerful
            Her powers are based around her hair.
            She prob has the most hair out of any smash character. Especially if you count a giant demon dragon as hair. Tbh
            not Bayo 2 though
        That’s assuming Palutena washes her hair
        nah palutena stinks, and pit likes that kinda shit
            Pit is an aptly given nick name.
            Bruh
        With that logic, Sonic is more powerful as his entire body contains fur.
        Nah bro, she doesn’t wash her hair, that’s why it’s green and stanky
    Bayonetta uses the 3 in one Head & Shoulders shampoo, conditioner, & body wash
        Yea but she’s all legs, she’s gotta use like three bottle to reach her ankles
    Now I see that and I think Kirby has the power of Almighty God on his side, so it’ll be pretty even.
        Christian Kirby
        Kirby *is* Almighty God, Byleth is the one with god_and_anime.jpeg
    Bayonetta fights with her hair which is also pretty powerful
    I think it's at least one. Maybe two.
    Sephiroth can bring a meteor down on you....

But Kirby can survive a black hole, and crack the planet in half with a punch
    Bayo???? That bitch's clothes are MADE of her hair
Depends on the version. If we take current game versions, its kirby easily. If we take strongest canon versions, archie comics sonic is well above anything here. Strongest game versions? shulk is universal and can wipe out all of them easily, unless mementos is available and all the characters subconicousness are in it, then joker can kill everyone and they cant do anything to stop him.

So its between those 4, depending on the rules.
    Byleth would be the perfect foil for Joker. You go into his subconscious and run into the goddess Sothis on her throne. It would be almost just like that Jujutsu Kaisen episode where the MC’s soul attempts to be tampered with
        Sothis: So who are you supposed to be

Joker: bruh why you sound like my cat
            Sothis: I don’t care, I’m going to sleep. You do whatever you want.

Joker: We’ll at least you’re not like him at all
            All Sothis has to do to defeat Joker is tell him that its time to go to bed lol
        Damn, that was the last episode on last night's JJK binge. So by sheer dumb luck, I understood that reference
            I cant remember the exact quote but I loved the "I told you what would happen if you touched this realm again" line.

Fuck JJK is such a great show
        Man I came from r/All and am totally fucking lost in this conversation. 

Like a foreign language.
        So that's why MkLeo picked up Byleth, as a counter to Joker
        I mean, as far as persona is concerned, defeating a god isn't really the most outrageous thing that you might have to do. Every persona game ends up going down the route of:

First quest: help classmate find misplaced pencil

Final quest: kill god
        Finally a reference I get
    What if Steve is in creative mode
        In creative mode you can still die to void damage, which I would say includes Kirby's stomach.
            you cant anymore
                It looks like you're right.  
You've inspired me to look further into it, and it also appears that even in creative mode, receiving instant damage (or healing) lvl 127+ will kill the player.  
With that said, Steve can absolutely be killed, even in creative mode, as long as the attack is 762x as strong as Steve's punch. Which, in the scale of the characters we're talking here, is not that strong.
                    It depends how literally you take Minecraft, I always bring up the old video (I think it was Game Theory) that points out Steve can punch while holding 64 m³ of gold, which is almost 3 million pounds.

Minecraft is kind of messy though, there's a lot of laws of physics suspended for gameplay
                        I think in some official Minecraft books it says that they have a pocket dimension where they store their items, although I could be wrong and I’m not sure if the book was canon
                            This would really apply to basically all video games, though.

Except for Death Stranding.
                                What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
                                    Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
                    The man can atomise stone with his fists in seconds so he's gotta hit pretty hard. But then also he takes a lot of punches just to kill a chicken so I guess not. But maybe Minecraft has super hardy chickens? Who knows.
                        Zelda and Link cant even kill chickens in their world. Steve is OP
                    Bro, Steve can punch fire out. He can destroy rocks with it. He can fell a tree with his punch.
            Although i believe that kirby could kill steve if he gets him on his mouth, I believe that inhale wouldn’t pull him in since damage and knockbsck arent really a thing in creative 

The only way to kill steve is if the universe decided to kill him in the same vain as a command block which I dont know if any character can do since I dont know the lore of all of them
                Yeah, but creative mode is totally cheating. The game even acknowledges this by disabling achievements whenever you’re in creative or cheats are enabled. Honestly though? I don’t know that it matters. There’s nothing Steve could do to come even close to killing some of these characters. At absolute best he gets a stalemate.
                    If he has cheats he can /kill, although he might be able to be killed before he can type the command in by certain characters.
                Endgame Shulk could do it since >!the Monado is basically the universe's computer!<
            Yeah but kirbo can’t break bedrock
    I think in a mashup of cannons, Sephiroth is probably a god in Mementos, similar to the holy grail. Maybe Gannon too. Not sure Joker can take him out easily.
        If they are then >!sinful shell!<
            That requires very specific circumstances. You would need the whole of at least Japan to be cheering Joker on simultaneously.
            Begone
        sephiroth doesn’t control a collective unconscious like izanami nyx or jaldabaoth
            Ok maybe not on the level of the holy grail, though he is a legendary war hero so he is strong in the collective unconscious.
                If anything, his massive ego and (maybe? Never played final fantasy) psychosis would lead to him having his own palace, making joker’s entry slightly harder, but once he’s in all he has to do is track down Sephiroth’s shadow and kill it. Jokers dealt with shadows who think they’re a god before, he should be able to win. Let him use items he’s prepared and it’s an even easier win.
        Joker never did anything in Persona 5 alone (besides maybe the (slight spoiler) giant silver bullet) 

He always needed the phantom thieves and the power of friendship to get shit done
    So it’s Kirby
        It depends on the version of the character. For example, peak sonic could kill peak kirby before they has the chance to see him. But game sonic has nowhere neat the power or speed to kill game kirby, and probably couldnt even outrun kirbys inhale.
            How though?  How do you even kill Kirby?
                As someone who isn’t versed in Kirby and just assumed he was a funny pink plush ball, I’ve started going down the “Kirby lore” rabbit hole and I was reallly not expecting what I’m seeing.
                Idk, but archie sonic can travel twice the speed of light and casually dimension jump. He has ridiculous speed feats. He could probably kill kirby with sheer force. And beating that, he could just run into another dimension and bfr kirby easily.
                    See, Kirby can do the same. He’s canonically broken through reality, all of it, just to kill a Madgod who was controlling it all, consumed him so has his power (?). All of it without breaking a sweat.

There is no limit to Kirby, for he is destruction incarnate.

If it exists, Kirby is stronger than it. If it exists paracausally, Kirby is stronger than it
                    Kirby has significantly ftl+ speed and perception as well as multiversal striking power, having canonically thrown a meteor 9.5e19m/s
                    Kirby had hit a meteor with a baseball bat and sent if flying far far faster than the speed of light
                    He’s way more than “double the speed of light”


He’s fast enough to run across his entire universe visiting every planet on the way and still be home in time for dinner, he can manipulate water and throw it to accurately hit a target in 1 picosecond, that’s a number with 11 zeroes after the decimal point in seconds: (0.000000000001 seconds) 


He’s fast enough to cross the multiverse over 1000 times in a single night, of which only a fraction is still 148,000 light years.

He’s also later stated to have incalculable speed.

He destroyed the quantum dial, a device made to create black holes to destroy solar systems. Sonic not only matched the Dial’s speed he moved so fast the hand on the dial started moving *backwards*

 terms of durability he’s an absolute tank. 

He was blasted 849,000 light years from earth when the Quantum Dial exploded from Sonic’s speed, he crash landed on a planet and it was revealed he wasn’t even knocked out, he was taking a Nap the entire time. This is all happening at the same time everyone thinks he’s dead because he vanished.

Sonic also survived a brutal beat down from his own super form which at its peak was able to manipulate reality up to an 11th Dimensional level.


And this is only lightly touching on Archie sonic.
                Use an unblockable attack that takes out 90% of his health after your health is depleted
            Game Sonic does have the power thanks to fighting solaris
                Kirby kills gods like solaris daily.
                    Solaris was going to consume all existing timelines. Not a lot of Kirby villains are doing things like that
                        But Kirby latest villain was destroying two separate realities
                            What does “reality” mean here? Are these realities universes or multiverses
                                I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
                        Doesn’t mean Kirby couldn’t take em
                            Kirby is definitely able to beat Solaris. I’m just saying that game Sonic can hurt and kill Kirby
    Pythra are Aegides, >!one of which raised Shulk to godhood, so if they're in that pocket universe, they're above him!<
        Fair. In that case it is probably a tie between those two in that scenario, but I never played xc2 so I am not 100% sure.
        Not really. Yes, they a part of the Aegis, but not completely. Pneuma is truly the Aegis and she caps out at Planet level. It's because of the difference in XC1's world and XC2's world. An Aegis has the ability to manipulate ether. However, XC1's world is completely made of ether and XC2'S world has large amounts of ether but is not completely made of it. That's why Shulk can recreate a universe, and Pythra can shoot pretty lasers
            So really, it's dependent on where the fight is. If we're on Bionis, Pythra wins. If we're in Alrest, Shulk wins. If we're in Mementos, Joker wins.
                Theoretically, maybe
                The problem is Shulks abilities are also ether manipulation, so he'd also be much weaker on Alrest.
Just from pure feats (ignoring universal creation as shulk didn't really do that, Alvis did) Pythra, more specifically Pneuma, have much more impressive feats of being able to rewrite physical laws on the fly which in at least one cutscene allowed for lights speed or, at the very least, near lights peed combat.
                    light peed
            Uh.. Whats Xenoblade about? I've wanted to play them but haven't jumped on it.
                While all the games are connected, they each have their own seperate story and plot lines.

The first one follows Shulk on his quest for revenge against the man eating Mechon. It sounds generic, but it is really good. It's my 5th favorite game of all time and Shulk is my favorite video game character of all time.

The second follows Rex as he travels across Alrest, trying to help a mysterious girl named Pyra get home. Again, it sounds generic, but the Xenoblade games are experts of crazy amazing stories.

I haven't played X so I couldn't tell you what it's about. Either way, I highly recommend the series.
                    What X is about?

„It‘s this planet, there‘s something about this planet“
                        X is a lot less focused on story than the other two in favour of world exploration and navigation and it leaves me wondering how the heck they managed to put that game on the Wii U. It’s my favourite in the series for its gameplay but if you’re looking for story then while it’s still Xeno series tier it’s not exactly as strong as the other Xenoblade games. That being said, that is also an incredible plot summary.
                    Thank you for that. I will most definitely check them out.
        Nono, Shulk would be more powerful than the Aegises. >! He's the vessel of/felled Zanza, who is just Claus. !< I'd say that's more powerful than the Aegises in context
            >!Alvis is Ontos, so he's still weaker!<
                Ah, checks out. I wish I could pay attention to the lore more but rn BoC mode is kicking my ass and all I can do is struggle
                    It's never explicitly stated, just from context clues like >!Alvis' key becomes a red Aegis core crystal/Trinity Processor core in DE!<
                There is a difference though. In Shulk’s case, him and Alvis are in a universe where Alvis has 100% control. In that case, even if Pneuma could manipulate Reality, it would only be (at absolute maximum power) on Zanza’s scale. Not to mention that there is a range for how much reality manipulation can be done (as Pneuma still needed help destroying the World Tree, and couldn’t just make it disappear. Shulk could just make it disappear without any effort at all).
            But Klaus has no power of his own, its all redirected from the trinity processor, of which the Aegises directly connect to, so by that logic they are obviously more powerful.
            If you want spoiler tags to work remove the spaces between the !s and what you want to spoiler.
        Today I learned, that.
    I’m unfamiliar, what makes Kirby so powerful?

Edit: so many responses! Probably won’t respond to everyone individually but I feel much more educated knowing that Kirby is basically on the level of Dragon Ball Gods!
        Kirby kills a reality warping god at the end of every Kirby game
            so does bayo tbf
                Not as many times to be fair but that just means we need more Bayonetta games!
                Yeah, but she needed serious help both times. Jubileus wasn’t restored to full power and Bayo still needed Jeanne’s help to summon Sheba to deliver the killing blow. Aesir basically had Bayo beat until Loki deleted the Eyes Of The World and then had help from Balder and Jeanne.
        Kills gods on the regular with minimal effort, canonically stated to have infinite power, casually planet busting
            Yeah he’s literally punched through a planet
                for sport, may i add
                    He hit a world destroying asteroid 9999 Light years away in 25 seconds.With a Bat.

*Smacks the top of kirby*

This pink ball can fit so much power.
                        Pink ball: opens mouth

Ị̶̉̓͜n̷̥͐͊t̷̛̤͑̂o̸̥͆̒ ̸̟͉̒t̶̝̙̓̇ͅh̵̢̟̞̔̀̐e̴͔͉͕͑̿̕ ̷̭̝̇̇v̶͔̌̽̍ő̸͚͗i̵̧̯͆ḑ̴̞͋̎ ̶̪͚̋̑w̵̡̎i̵̡͌͝t̵̙̹͒͐̈́h̴̡̨̅ ̸̻͙͔̈́̕͝ÿ̸̤̹̖̐̄ȏ̷͖̤́͜ṷ̶̿
        Literally just having a good time and Vibing his way through life while casually beating and consuming actual gods.
            He also swallows the local populace whole and manifests their power or even create zombie puppets out of them to assist him in his "Vibing".
        People here, while they did mention Megaton Punch, haven’t yet mentioned yet the one subgame in star allies where you hit an incoming meteor with a baseball bat and send it back the other way at billions times faster than the speed of light while casually destroying multiple planets along the way.
        Kirby is essentially an Eldritch abomination that didn’t really care about his intended purpose, ie consuming everything in the universe. He really only cares about his home planet and his friends, but regularly gets into fights with other universe level threats
            I was going to make a play on One Punch Man but "One Suck Puffball" is just... uhhh...
        Canonically Kirby has infinite power and he defeated Magolor wielding the Master Crown, a reality warping mage who also had infinite power
        OK so basically there's this primordial thing called void and it's exactly what it sounds like

Kirby as well some antagonists are born from this void termina and are all *very strong* and when I say that keep in mind bandana wadledee can punch with 150 mega tons and he's one of the grunt enemies

Kirby has regularly fought and won against other void spawn and Kirby isn't even an adult yet
        Everything else listed, and his stomach is basically its own pocket dimension
    I mean, technically the entire game could be in the Metaverse, because Joker can be seen in his Phantom Thief outfit on any stage in the game, it's just the only stage we know for a fact is in the Metaverse is Mementos because it's an actual location in Persona 5. So if we go by that, then no matter what, Joker would be the most powerful.
        Joker isn't inherently more powerful in the metaverse than anyone else, he's just a wild card. If, say, Kirby found and killed your shadow, you'd be just as dead as if Joker did it.
        Not necessarily. His powers rely on human cognition, which means he’d only win if you can convince everyone else that he’d be able to beat all these characters, not to mention that most of these guys could easily wipe out all of humanity to cripple joker, and I highly doubt a few of these have palaces.
            He doesn't need to convince everyone that he would win, his *own willpower* also counts. He would never have beaten Shido if that were not the case.
            They don’t need palaces to be killed. >!The black mask killer targeted multiple people by finding them in mementos, it was just the 5th palace ruler’s murder that we actually saw!<
    Sora’s kinda stacked, I know in KH3 he and his friends have all been killed and was still able to undo time through sheer will friendship and a stupidly busted special ability to come back to life and change fate heavily in his favor, lol

This isn’t even taking into account his natural ability to manipulate Time, Space, Light, Darkness, Water in KH3 lol, Summons, Limits, he can perfect parry Sephiroth’s Octaslash which is pretty fun to watch, he can steal the enemy’s skills on the fly like Kirby but without having to suck his opponent, if Guard worked this way in Smash he’d be cracked but his regular Guard reflects just about every projectile back to sender, he even steals Power Levels and adds 10 to it to have that edge over the opponent which is funny as hell lol, and i haven’t even touched on his other forms where he literally just starts teleporting for free as if he didn’t already have Link’s flurry rush in base form 

I don’t actually know if Sora can be considered the strongest by definition because he still is technically unrefined and self-taught, but with a wild card like him idk if this debate will ever reach a sound conclusion lol
        Don't forget Sora's most effective power of all: the power to turn into a boat.
            How can i forget freaking BOAT 

OH WAIT YEAH Sora can also sail a pirate ship Sora’s hands down the strongest character in Smash, no one can beat him if he sails away and just shoots from a distance literally what is Kirby going to do he has to copy god powers to beat Sora but all he gets are cannon balls to the face-body and Sora is already sailing far away from him taking shots from a distance

Joker can’t hit him with any persona skills because Sora sailed too far and he’s still taking potshots from his boat

Sephiroth can’t even destroy the planet to kill Sora because Sora travels worlds and will sail away into another world’s ocean and take potshots at Sephy from there there is literally nothing he can do to kill Sora

Shulk can become the universe but Sora literally traverses multiverses and his boat doesn’t run out of ammo he can just keep shooting at Shulk from a different universe while sailing away

Sonic can’t swim so he’s already out of the question Sora is surrounded by water and he’s still sailing away and no one can stop him from taking potshots
                Eh....I agree with everything but Kirby, he baseball batted a comet by swinging it at double light speed or something like that, I think he could hit Sara's boat. 

Other than the absolute obserdity of Kirby, I would agree with you though.

Can sonic canonical run on water? I never really played sonic games to be honest.
                    Thats impossible Kirby can’t reach Sora when he’s sailing away

Also his ship apparently has barrier anyway it’s actually kinda hilarious how beefy his boat is naturally lol
    >joker can kill everyone and they cant do anything to stop him.

Sora could easily kill Joker before he even gets the chance to go into mementos via Power of Waking dude.

Hell he could follow him into Mementos itself if he wanted to.
        Fair. I am not hugely familiar with kingdom hearts
        You talking about the reality warping aspects, or the go into people’s hearts and take them out aspects? Bc Joker can do both, mementos travel is pretty much instant. I don’t know too too much abt KH, does the stuff Sora’s able to pull w/PoW compare to that?
            >You talking about the reality warping aspects, or the go into people’s hearts and take them oit aspects? Bc Joker can do both

Sora can do both of those himself, he has the ability to manipulate the laws of worlds and can warp reality, as for diving into hearts the Power of Waking allows Sora to directly dive into a Persons heart or a Worlds heart, theoretically he could destroy/harm/damage both using this ability. The Power of Waking also allows him to reset the multiversal timeline via creating a singularity by Time Travel and can bring the dead back to life (though that's an incorrect use of using the abiltiy) since its main function is to both travel (creating portals) and repair a sleeping heart back to the way it was normally.

Joker as far as I know would have to search out a person's Shadow in Mementos and it's doubtful Sora would even have a Shadow because he's not from Jokers world it's established in KH that if you aren't from a world, certain aspects of that Worlds Order wouldn't apply to you since you aren't native to it. This includes curses by gods.
                He wouldn’t have to take out Sora’s shadow in a fight, that’d just be how he’d change his heart/kill him w/o him knowing. I think this is more of a 1on1, where he’d just bring Sora into Mementos w/him. Even if he did try to take him out through his heart, Sora’d probably just be resistant to it PoW or not. He’s been fighting people inside his own heart since Roxas. Sora couldn’t go back and kill Joker either bc it’d just kill himself >!or send Sora to Quadratum?!<. Seems to me Power of waking just puts them on similar level, basically making them immune to the other’s Insta-win button. If you’re unfamiliar, having a persona makes your heart immune to being tampered with.
                All true, you don't really think about how nonsense but op sora powers are outside of kh context. It's like Kirby probably being one of the top contenders here but it's not like he's vibing like a killing machine, sora and kirby are just op from their cartoony worlds with nutty powers that they need to fight their op villains
        What does that power do
            Gatlings the opponent with plot holes.
                You know the amount of actual Plot Holes in KH is actually really low. Retcons on the other hand are a plenty.
                    "Plot holes are inconsistencies or gaps in the storyline or character development. They are formed when a narrative stops following its own logic."

I'm just gonna leave this here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/eyipym/anyone_know_some_kingdom_hearts_plot_holes/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
                        I know what a plot hole is and I've already seen that page which people in it have already answered in the thread. [And a lot of people agree that the series has a low amount of lore contradicting plot holes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/p4ksrj/does_the_kh_series_have_any_genuine_plotholes/) Most of the "plot holes" featured in that thread already have answers that can be found in the game

some plot holes that are likely to be retcon

•Xehanort age from KH DDD to KH3 (we don't know if Dark Road will Retcon this since it's not done yet.)

•Where did Riku get >!Kairi's Keyblade?!< Nomura just recently said [he was going to explain this so once again a retcon.](https://www.kh13.com/news/update-kingdom-hearts-20th-anniversary-qa-responses-missing-link-information-r3653/)

•Nameless Star knowing Sora's name. It's likely she's an oracle like the original Stella from FF vs XIII was, another retcon.

*Blank Points Aqua and her memory issues. The Realm of Darkness makes you forget your memories, this is not even a retcon it's established back in KH1 and KH2.
    I mean, if cheats are enabled steve could just /gamemode creative and he becomes a god
        He could. Good job this entire roster is made up of gods and god killers then, isnt it?
            Well yeah but if steve doesn't have a health bar he cannot be killed, now can he?
                He can still be killed by /kill, the void or even a splash potion with modified nbt. He is far from immortal in creative mode.
                    So then it depends on world logic. If we’re in the Minecraft world can anybody use commands or only Steve? Or if Steve goes into another characters universe can he still use commands?
            Well yeah but if steve doesn't have a health bar he cannot be killed, now can he?
    That universal feat for shulk is kinda iffy. >!Yes he killed god, yes he created a new universe, yes he breifly took on the power of a god. Except, we never actually saw how powerful Zanza actually was beyond "pretty fucking powerful". Like it's not like he was strong enough to wipe out all life on Bionis by himself, which is why he made the Telethia. So not universal strong. And while Shulk breifly had the power to recreate the universe... it wasn't actually him doing it. Alvis was, Shulk just had the authority to order him around. And literally for 0 seconds, because Alvis paused time lol.!<
    Kirby just eats gods on the daily. He eats another character and gets there power and becomes even stronger
        And then Sora can summon Genie and wish away Kirby’s ability to inhale lol
            Kirby inhales genie
    Steve has commands in his strongest version
    Even in the games Sonic can kill beings that can eat the multiverse like Solaris and Dark Gaia.
    What makes Archie Sonic so powerful?
        Twice as fast as the speed of light, dimension hopping at will, and whatever reality warping bullshit the chaos force allows for.
    archie sonic is technically not canon as he has a different backstory and is a separate character
    /kill
    Idk man Strongest Kirby rocks the world of Archie comic Sonic.
    I honestly feel like Sora would just bullshit his way through lmao
sonic if the archie comics canon is counted, dude travelled through multiverses in base form and outright destroyed them in super form

edit: also check out the IDW sonic comics, they're really good
    Yeah, Archie Sonic is very overpowered. In that universe, Sonic is implied to be FTL (Faster than Light) in his BASE form, and has 3 super forms, Super Sonic, Hyper Sonic, and Ultra Sonic, who can casually blitz GODS.
        In the ARCHIE COMICS?! I must’ve missed that one haha
            Archie Comics the company did runs of Sonic, Megaman, and Sonic & Megaman. 

They’re not characters in Archie the comic though.
                Oooh. That makes more sense. I thought Sonic opened a wormhole to Riverdale and murdered the gang
                    That'd be pretty awesome, too.
        If Super requires the Chaos Emeralds, how does he go into the other ones?
    [Sonic's full power](https://youtu.be/zIf9oMnjzow)
        If a Wish.com Dr. Strange fought a geeked out Sonic
        Wtf is this?
            Sonic traveling through multiverses in Base Form
    "Either Sonic is a god or could kill god, and *I do not care if there is a difference!*"


Flash edit: I was only gonna share the clip if someone asked but I don't think my comment fully captured this mans descent into insanity. 

https://youtu.be/HsTLmY4OVWI
    Sonic is in the riverdale universe?!
Canonically I’d say either Kirby or Shulk. If we use composites, I’m going Sonic.
    and if we’re talking meta, then steve because kill commands/creative mode
        The only reason why I wouldn't say Steve is because then you'd also be giving admin powers to Zombie and Enderman, and because, let's be real, it's not Steve executing these commands, it's the player.
        Idk if console commands should apply to anyone lol. If that’s the case than any game character that has a command console can just enter god mode and turn on noclip.
            yeah i meant it more as a joke, but creative mode itself is a part of the game so would that count?
                Yah, you can't load sonic in god mode, but Steve can. In this mode he can create and end all life as well as build his own universe. 

But yah, silly question for the memes
                    You can actually totally load Sonic in God mode, in Sonic 3 and Sonic and knuckles if you grab onto a Vine and input a specific sequence of directions you turn on debug mode. Allowing you to place any enemy Sprite or stage object at will, including boxes that automatically turn you into the strongest form of Sonic presently unlocked.
            Honestly, Kirby has dealt with meta threats before. He's just going to somehow eat the command console and then go for a nice little walk to get some snacks.
        Steve doesn’t use console commands, the player does.
        the Kill commands wouldn't get R.O.B. because he's a robot
**Sonic:** I'm gonna go Super Sonic! I'm the strongest character in Smash!

**Shulk:** I can become >!a god!!< I'm the strongest character in Smash!

**Bayonetta:** I have *killed* literal gods! I'm the strongest character in Smash!

**Pyra & Mythra:** We can go Coffee With Milk mode! We're the strongest character in Smash!

**Sephiroth:** I can destroy entire realities! I'm the strongest character in Smash!

**Kirby:** Poyo poyo! (I can copy all of your powers! I'm the strongest character in Smash!)

**Steve:** \*Quietly enters Creative Mode and is about to use /kill @e\[type!=Steve\]\*
    Attach it to a redstone repeater command block
        Just make the command block a Chain command block

Edit: Thanks to u/TommDX I acknowledged that it is a repeat command block not a chain command block
            Steve has the power of blockchains and i dont think any of these people can deal with someone who's invulnerable to any kind of dmg, even the void. 

Plus he has a pocket dimension of every conceivable material and species in minecraft, not even including commands that let him control weather, time, space, and manipulating the properties of any item/block. 

Closest would be Kirby but i think creative mode Steve is just broken.
                No no, you can’t claim Steve has access to commands or command blacks. The Minecraft menu literally calls them cheats and disables achievements when you use them. Do you really want to start a debate about debug menus and cheat codes? Because I’m sure there’s at least a few characters who’d benefit from a debug menu or two.
                    I would have to check bedrock edition, but java edition has never disabled the ability to earn achievements or advancements if you have cheats enabled.
                    How about raw strength?  Based on crafting recipes and inventory size, Steve is capable of lifting [over 355 million kilograms.](https://ideas.fandom.com/wiki/How_strong_is_Steve%3F)  While sprinting.
                        They actually explained that the inventory is a pocket dimension, so it’s actually no weight at all, not to mention lifting strength doesn’t correlate to attacking strength, he still does half a heart with a punch.
                            Then he can still punch a 1-metel cube of steel into nothing in less than 30 seconds.  Assuming he merely vaporizes it and doesn't actually atomize it, that means he's generating 489,260,978 kilo-joules of energy.  With his fists.  In 25 seconds.

Because his punches only do half a heart of damage to other players of equal power, we can extrapolate that Steve is almost indestructible.
                The things you say are true and a good point, but I will continue to believe in Poyo-supremacy
    Poyo poyo, the god has spoken
    and joker has also killed a god before
        Cloud has now killed the god of fate and technically has defeated Sephiroth multiple times so there is that.
        He’s killed 2 gods
            Three if you count Yaldobath, Adam Kadmon and Demiurge
                I wouldn’t consider Kadmon a god, it’s just an extremely powerful persona.
                    I feel that those can overlap tho? Like a being can be a god and a persona, Adam Kadmon had the powers of a god and even inherited the powers of yaldaboth, he even had agency outside of Maruki’s control, I think gods can be personas and personas can be gods or god like beings, like satannael or in this case Adam Kadmon/Azathoth
    Does *Steve* really have creative mode, or is that just the player behind him? Creative mode is a cheat code entered in the command line (even the game of Minecraft itself calls it as a “cheat”). IMO I don’t associate a cheat code with a character’s canon. Otherwise you could say that someone who applied cheats to FFVII to make Cloud invincible makes Cloud canonically the strongest, right?
        Who can say? It's just kinda funny to think that this square-looking dude with no expression is the most-powerful character in Smash (even if it's not really the case, my comment was mostly just a joke anyway).

I suppose the closest thing we have to a Minecraft "canon" would be those animated trailers Mojang drops whenever a new update releases. Steve and Alex have never actually been shown using Creative Mode or commands in those before, but they have died plenty of times and respawned, specifically in the trailer for The Nether Update. So if we take those trailers as "canon", then Steve and Alex can canonically respawn after death and don't stay dead.
            Yeah I suppose those trailers can be considered canon. 

>	even if it’s not really the case, my comment was mostly just a joke anyway).k

Yeah I know haha. I was being nit-picky tbh
            If we take the animations as cannon, mods become cannon, and i know for sure not a single one of these characters has the mental fortitude to play any gregtech pack to completion except for Steve.
        creative mode is a legitimate gamemode, so that nuances things. you can generate a new save in creative mode. playing in creative is just as canon as survival or hardcore. commands on the other hand.... i agree that they don't count. a lot of games have console commands, and they aren't canon.

Then again, what is canon minecraft lol.
            Yeah it’s a gray area. It’s a sandbox game so does it even have a canon? Or is anything and everything you can do in the game canon? I guess it’s up to each person on how they define “canon”.
            canon minecraft is gregtech
            The only things I would consider canon are things you have to do to beat the game, like travel to the Nether, travel to the End, and defeating the Ender Dragon
        There’s also the command block. Although vanilla Minecraft requires creative to access it, it somehow was used in Story Mode and lead to the creation of the Wither Storm
        You can set creative mode as the default when creating a new world. It's not just activated through cheats.
        To be fair, even without creative mode, Steve can technically carry billions of kg of gold blocks in his inventory.
        Blocky Cloud skin.
    *What is coffee milk?*
        I can't say *exactly* what it is for spoiler reasons, but to describe it, it's what happens when Lyn from Fire Emblem and Hatsune Miku do a Dragon Ball Fusion, and are given god powers and the ability to do whatever the f\*ck she wants.
        Xenoblade fans are very serious about spoilers, "Coffee with Milk" is a nickname given to a character who's entire presence is a massive spoiler.
        It’s when pyra and mythra combine to become pnuema and for some reason ppl who play xenoblade are afraid to talk about it even though most smash ppl don’t care or don’t play it
            Yep, it's the weirdest thing. I've never seen a franchise fan base more terrified of spoilers than Xenoblade. They try to obfuscate the most mundane stuff
                Next they’ll inform you that shulk’s final smash has a spoiler but won’t tell you what it is (they’re afraid you won’t play the game )
        I don't think it's much of a spoiler at this point since the game's been out for like 5 years and there's a spirit of the character in Smash. But Coffee with Milk is how Rex naively describes Pyra and Mythra's true form which is also a lot stronger than the other two forms.
        Head on down to Rhode Island and get yourself some, it's delicious!
    - Coffee with Milk Mode

Hahahahaha!
    best comment in this whole comment section
    /gamemode creative
    What about Sora?
        (I don't really know anything about KH, so I'm unfamiliar with Sora's power, but I've heard it's like multiversal or something?)
    The stupidest thing about Kirby is that even without copy abilities he's freakishly strong. Like he has to be 100% muscle mass to do the absurd physical things he does, like a flippin' miniature hulk. Actually more absurd than Hulk, imagine Hulk, but he weighed like 5 pounds instead of 5 tons and that Kirby could still suplex him with ease.
It’s Kirby, we all know that

Runner up is probably Palutena or Sephiroth
    Runner up is Sonic or Bayonetta who also eat gods for breakfast.
        >Runner up is Sonic

Ironic...
        
Not Bayonetta. She’s powerful, but on her several occasions fighting actual gods, she needed help to finish off the first one and help to weaken the second one enough to finish him off.
    Sephiroth has been canonically defeated by both Cloud and Sora. He doesn't even deserve to be on this list.
        I don’t know that I’d say sora canonical defeats canonical sephi. We really don’t have any good reason to believe KH sephi was even close to as power as he is in ff7, most of the characters in KH aren’t the same as their original counterparts. Honestly, I don’t think sora stands a chance. He’s got his power scaling and immunity to instant win conditions, but he’s way to slow to hit sonic, and he definitely can’t out dps cloud and joker with healing builds. It doesn’t help that joker theoretically can’t be defeated as long as people believe he has, making it a necessity for Sora to destroy the world to even have a shot.
    Kirby for sure, but even within Sephiroth's various depictions he's been defeated by Cloud. That alone should at least bump him off since Cloud is also in the running. Then you have to consider the fact Sora is also up there and he's able to defeat the both of them.
#Kirby

Dude is basically a Black Hole wearing a marshmallow coating
    An adorable little black hole
        Aw, aren’t you just the cutest little extinction event
            The TV-YA version of Gluttony’s stomach.
            Poyo!
            Lets also remember that kirby is a baby and has killed gods and planet destroyers. A full grown kirby would be over powered
    He killed a god because they sabotaged his cake
    He's a God, when you boil it down
Rob is literally a being outside of the game itself and is therefore on a plane of existence greater than any other video game character
    He literally has the power to play NES games, u ain't see sonic doing that shit in real life
        What are you talking about? I watched a very real Sonic V-tuber play Sonic video games.
    Damn, I didn’t even think of that. All of these characters exist in their games, and no matter how powerful they become in them, they’re still in their games. Meanwhile, Rob just actually exists, so they can’t even touch him
        Duck Hunt player on their way to find Rob
    He made an appearance in Mario Kart DS
        my mii made an appearance in Wii sports. that doesnt mean im a video game character
            But the Mii isn’t you, it’s just modeled after you. A ditto transformed into a Charmander isn’t a Charmander, it’s just modeled after one
                Exactly. The ROB that’s featured in games is just modeled after the real one
    So is my Bayo body pillow so checkmate.
    So technically Rob is closer to having a body counter then the entire roster combined.
Rosalina should be there

But the answer is Kirby.
    Rosalina has the power to "reset the universe", which sounds cool. But she needs to have the Lumas commit mass suicide, and seems to only be able to do this once. 

And compared to some of the other things on the list, is resetting the universe even that big of a power?

Also, she lost to Bowser before the game even started. That's right, the guy that Mario beats up on a weekly basis. Somehow she got in a battle with him and lost big time.
        I agree with you on all those points except for the fact that she did it twice, not once it was just before the story (or it was her mother I could be stupid)
        The character is called rosalina and luma
            Nuh uh its floating peach and her little star guy.
                Princess Apple and Invincibility Star
                    Princess Toadstar and Shrooma
            Actually it's Rosalina's monster.
        Okay, but you say that like Bowser’s some weak ass.

Being beaten by Bowser ain’t no laughing matter, considering he could kick the asses of nearly everyone on the list above
        I don't think the game ever explains how Bowser steals the Grand Stars from Rosalina. I never remember it mentioning a battle of any kind with Bowser vs Rosalina. He could have distracted her or something.

I only played Super Mario Galaxy and not the sequel.
        It’s not necessarily the resetting of the universe that would be most beneficial to her in this competition, but it seems she can *survive* the destruction of the universe which is important. And she seems to be able to let whatever she wants survive the destruction of the universe too

She also never necessarily lost to bowser, we don’t know how he stole her stars
    I dont know why Steve is there , and yes the answer is Kirby
        All he must do is utter one of the forbidden incantations to delete the universe or become a god

/gamemode c

/kill @e
            Steve doesn’t do that. The player does using console commands. I can’t think of any other game where people think console commands are part of a character’s canonical abilities.
            True, also carries limitless amounts of even the heaviest of items. Probably has more lifting strength than Kirby, but Kirby still wins.
                The books written by Mojang though stated that the inventory is a pocket dimension though and the physics of the Minecraft world are completely different then ours which makes answering this question complicated.
                    Hmm... So is Steve not actually carrying the stuff? This does make it complicated indeed.
                        Even if he was, his lifting strength is completely irrelevant. Punching someone with a Sbox full of garbage does less damage then poking them with a spade.
                Kirby can send a meteor 9999 light years in 25 seconds using a baseball bat
                I feel like its a stalemate

Kirby could absolutely kill steve but steve can do the same to kirby, it would depend on who striked first
                    I feel like Steve's striking power isn't that impressive, even with Netherite tools. Kirby can tank basically anything, Steve can get killed by spitting alpacas.
                        I feel like breaking stone 1m^3 with only fists says a lot about his striking power
                            Doesn't it take a while for him to break 1 m³ of Stone though?
            To be fair, even with creative gamemode Steve is still killable and has never been proven to have control over something not belonging to Minecraft, so it's still not as op as it looks like
            Guess he's lucky the Dovahkiin and none of the Valve characters got in because you can do the same thing in their games
        His theoretical strength is high enough that he could carry the weight of a black hole, but his gameplay otherwise doesn't support this. Its more he has an ability to alter the properties of objects to make them weightless rather than the strength to carry anything
            Kirby punches planets to break them in half in his gameplay what are talking about. Kirby is a planet buster without anything other than the strength of his punch. Not even Goku or Superman can destroy planets with just raw kinetic force of punching. Also Kirby’s Star travels FASTER THAN TIME. Literally he used the warp star to travel to the future after the calamity. 

So you tell me if Kirby is the strongest smash character. By far strongest on the roster, faster than 99% of the roster, **AND THATS WITHOUT COPYING ANY POWERS.**

Not to mention he’s a baby. Imagine the universe destroying power of a full grown Kirby.
                Kirby destroys a moon not planet in one of his minigames, though still quite impressive.

Goku and superman both far exceed the strength required to do this

Kirbys star is not his own power

But thats being said, Kirby is still a very formidable individual with a lot of feats of strength and skill
    Yes
    i was thinking abt that, but we never rlly see her doing anything like it’s more implied power right?
        Considering that she >!resets the universe!< in her mainline games I think she deserves to be up there.
Note, I’m assuming all characters are at their strongest, but also in a neutral environment (Ex: Sonic is assumed to have Chaos Emeralds, Shulk is able to manipulate things as if they were aether, all characters are NOT in the Metaverse, etc.). Characters are in rough order of power.

S Tier (high level god or has killed a god): Kirby, Shulk, Bayonetta, Sonic

A Tier (a low level god or as powerful as one): Palutena,, Sora, Zelda, Ganondorf, Sephiroth, Cloud, Pyra/Mythra, Steve

B Tier (very powerful but not godly in strength): Mewtwo,

Wildcard Tier (power depends entirely on if people are in the metaverse. Either S or D): Joker
    Byleth is technically a god and controls time.
        True, but Byleth wasn’t listed above.
            I believe they were asking who in smash was the most powerful, and the list was just the op's opinion.
        Unfortunately, Byleth just gets infinite tries to fail an impossible task. He is shown to be rather limited in terms of rewinding time and has failed to change events such as someone getting assassinated in front of them. It ensures that if Byleth can beat something, they likely will, but there is no circumstance in which Byleth will win against the likes of characters with great speed or durability. Maybe the relics can overcome Ganondorf like the master sword? Otherwise, many of these characters just seem out of reach.
    Joker killed a god.
    Sonic has killed gods as well. Perfect Chaos, Solaris, the one dude from Secret Rings whose name is so ridiculous that I don’t even bother trying to attempt it.
        I didn’t know that, I’ll move him up.
    Joker should be in S. He’s killed a god, >!Nonlethally defeated a second (P5R), and presumably did it a 3rd time in strikers (haven’t finished it yet!<
        Another thing is that all the abilities carry over from the SMT series where it is shown that a level 99, when well prepared, can kill YHVH (the god of the Bible and literally the most overpowered video game enemy) as well as put up a decent fight against *literally the concept of the universe existing.* Also, personas can be used in the real world. Persona 1-3 all had it happen and it didn't happen in 4 or 5 because there wasn't a situation in which using them would makes sense, though P5R proved that it is still possible to use personas on the real world.
    Sora can summon Genie and essentially cheat with zero effort though lol, he obviously can’t wish that everyone else dies but that’s not in Sora’s character anyway and the cleanest way he’d be able to “deafeat” everyone would be wishing that they all lose their powers or something lol

However the dirtiest way he’d be able to defeat everyone though is, and many people don’t realize this, Sora is a dirty fighter by nature, he can steal the opponent’s attacks and abilities and use them against them exactly like Kirby, but probably with way more ease because he doesn’t have to inhale a dude, plus he taunts a lot in his fighting style, that’s not really a skill its just funny to see a this seemingly good natured kid act like a little asshole lol
It's Kirby, it's ALWAYS f-cking Kirby, I'm more interested in top 5 after him.
    Sonic, Sephiroth, Bayo, Shulk, Palutena
        Ain’t no way palu is in the top 5
            Haven't played Kingdom Hearts nor Persona. So idk if Sora or Joker rank higher than her
                I wasn’t talking about them I was just saying palu is kinda weak some of the weaker ones here like gannondorf and mewtwo beat her
        I swear, no one actually knows what the power of the triforce of courage actually does. Its Link 100%
    I'd say that the top 5 (note that I haven't played all game series, I'm just going from what I've heard about those I haven't played) is

1-Kirby

2-Bayonetta

3-Sonic

4-Palutena

5-Byleth
        not byleth byleth is powerful but pyra/mythra and especially shulk put them to shame and maybe even kirby
Kirby
Its litterally kirby he can just kill gods and break planets easily
    I agree that Kirby takes number 1, but the God slayer logic doesn't read. There's lots of Gods from different lores and they can't all be considered above everything else. I mean, Cloud and Sephiroth are both leagues stronger than the gods (espers) of their universe. We can't consider something as loose as the status of "God" as a shared benchmark of power across all universes.
        One of the gods he took down was void termina, who was the reincarnation of void, who is essentially the creator/main god of the Kirby universe (in a non canon sub game, Kirby took down void itself)
        People use the word god too much when they mean, immortal 

Because God is invulnerable, you just can't kill it, perhaps trap it or some shit, but you can't kill a god
            I think the only god that seemingly is actually immortal and can’t be killed is Solaris and technicalllyy to an extent, Ganon. Solaris had to be attacked by Shadow, Sonic, and Silver all at the same time in the Past, Present, and Future to put him in a supposed coma state, it was never possible to kill him. 

My Zelda knowledge is a bit rusty, but Ganondorf is the reincarnation of Demise which we’re all assuming is a god. Ganondorf can’t be ‘killed’ without like a special weapon like the bow of light or master sword, he remembers his past incarnations from every game and he’s never permanently dead. It’s impossible to fully kill him- he just eventually returns with every new century or so. I think BOTW 2 shows an attempt at trying to stop this by dehydrating and locking him up
    To be fair, that minigame wasn't canon.
        Also to be fair, one god he killed was a creator deity, which is a higher-scale god than most of the other gods that the others have killed
            That's a bit unclear. In the Japanese version of Star Allies, Void Termina was stated to be the "progenitor of origination" implying that he is a creator or, at least, predates the world. However, the general director of the game (Kumazaki) claimed that it was uncertain whether Void Termina was a deity in the first place. In-universe, there is no evidence of that, and the creature was only called a god because Hyness assumed he was a deity. He implied that Void, as a cosmic being, was an enigmatic creature whose origins and abilities were shrouded in mystery, so it's difficult to put an exact power level on him.
        But they are canon to his abilities as stated in a miiverse post by Hal
Kirby is a casual god slayer so I think Kirby
    Dark Nebula, Ruler of the Underworld: I will destroy everything

Kirby: Poyo! (Are you the one who stole my strawberry shortcake?)

&#x200B;

Kirby wins
        That’s a mistranslation in the English version.

Original script or not, doesn’t save how bad of a story squeak squad is
            It was amazing, what are you talking about. Kirby goes in full rampage mode because his shortcake disappeared.
                But it also characterizes every character so badly. Every character doesn’t ask anyone what is going on and assumes stuff to just drive the plot along. Instead of Kirby asking Dedede what is up (he has done this before multiple times) he beats him up. Same goes for Meta Knight although he isn’t much better because Meta Knight runs away doesn’t tell kirby the chest contains Dark Nebula in it.
sonic and kirby.

imagine you are the flash and the world moves in slomo to you.  who can fight you? no one.   you people seriously think cloud can fight something that moves faster than his sword swings??  psychic powers mean nothing when you can't even focus them on your target when they move that fast.  Ganon and kirby is sonic's biggest threat, because he requires one of the few known weapons that can finish ganon like a light arrow or a master sword, but that ganon can't do anything if sonic just runs away to go search for those weapons.  kirby is just too tough but if kirby ever gets to chew on sonic for the speed powers that's the end of sonic and everyone else.
    Kirby usually gets some of the abilities that enemies have, but never usually their properties, in the games at least. I’d reckon if Kirby got a hold of Sonic, he’d probably be able to Spin Dash, Homing Attack, etc but not have the benefit of the speed
        Kirby does get enhanced flight abilities after eating a bird or a jet, and the difference between an ability and a property can be kind of vague, so I don't think it's farfetched to say that Kirby might be able to gain Sonic's speed. Regardless, even fighting Sonic without being able to keep up with him, there are a number of things Kirby could do to win, and at the very least he's on another scale of basic power since Sonic games have more general realism to them while everything in Kirby is very over-the-top. Even without access to abilities like Hypernova, Kirby can still crack planets in half or bat away meteors at impossible speeds, or if you don't take minigames as canon, he's stated canonically to have "infinite power", and with how squishy and stretchy he is it's safe to assume basic physical hits don't really do much to him.
    Not to mention Kirby has ZA WARUDO (time crash) and  a suck the power of a black hole (hypernova), so there's a very real possibility that Kirby might just get Sonic while the latter is running away.
        But if we count Archie comics then sonic outpaces anything Kirby can do
            The Archie Comics Sonic works on different rules than Game Sonic, which is the one Smash Sonic is based on.
    Bayonetta canonically slows down reality to fight. She would smoke sonic
I haven't played every game, but doing some research:

1. Kirby

2. Sonic

3. Sephiroth

4. Shulk

5. Bayonetta

6. Palutena

7. Rosalina

8. Mewtwo

9. Cloud

10. Ness

Honorable mentions: Steve, Duck Hunt Trio, R.O.B.
    Ness is pretty strong with his psychic powers and 8 Melodies thing, tho defeating Giygas was more a group effort and if you really had to credit one person, it would probably be Paula instead of Ness
    I know nothing of Duck Hunt lore but the thought of a laughing hunting dog being canonically in the realm of these gods is funny with no context
        There's a third member of the Duck Hunt team. A "player" that shoots
Kirby is the most powerful. He was the only one who outran Galeem.

/s
    Sephiroth one shotted galeem. Kirby’s fucked
        *slice*
            Dharkon: Well, I just wanna say that I’m a huge fan
Kirby by far and away. He defeats eldritch horrors every other Tuesday.
    Wasnt it canon that he kills gods on a weekly or monthly basis?
        Basically yeah
(He forgot Rosa)
Kirby, all he has to do is succ
Technically, you could say Kirby or Bayo, since they’ve killed literal god, or Palu, since she is a god. But I’ve also heard Jokes does some wack stuff, so it’s pretty up in the air.
    Joker saved Christmas by shooting god in the face

Shulk is also elevated to godhood at the climax of Xenoblade 1, and Pythra >!are the same type of being as the one who raised Shulk to godhood!<
        >Joker saved Christmas by shooting god in the face

he also killed another god by shooting it in the nape or something it's been a while since i played Persona 5 Royal
            Yeah, sounds about right

>!RIP Billy Kametz, that fistfight with Maruki wouldn't have hit as hard without his incredible VO work!<
        Hey, that was a false god created by humanity's wish to be controlled, don't get it twisted.
            He still saved Christmas by shooting a god in the face
                Only with the collective willpower of all of Japan (or maybe the world? Definitely at least Shibuya)
                    He then shot the same type of god in the face 2 months later this time without the collective willpower in royal. He even did it in strikers
            In SMT, all gods and demons are formed from humanity's subconscious but their powers are still real, so I don't know if the difference between false gods and real gods is as big as you think it is.
                While you are correct in that a "false god" and a "real god" aren't all that different, I feel like you could have made a better comparison than Shin Megami Tensei, the game that Persona is a VERY loose spinoff of. You could have chosen Persona 4, where they face off with a "real god" (technically goddess, but that makes no difference), and it goes through the exact same story beats. Start out in a difficult fight; lead into a "second phase" that's more of a cutscene, where the god then erases the Main Party; through whatever means they see fit; send the main party to the velvet room, where the power of the bonds they've made, un-erasing them; Main Character then uses an absurdly powerful upgrade of their starting persona, which one shots the god. Good point in the comment, but comparison to SMT wasn't all that helpful OR required.
                    It still applies. The Persona universe happens in the same timeline as SMT If..., Devil Summoner, and Soul Hackers. In fact, the main character of SMT If... appears in both Persona 1 and the Persona 2 duology. Calling Persona a "very loose" spinoff of SMT isn't exactly accurate, not just in terms of the world but in terms of gameplay. Persona plays the same, just significantly easier and with a dating sim tacked on.
    I do think the problem with the “can kill gods” and “is a god” debate is that that doesn’t necessarily determine their power, not all gods in religion or different lores are all powerful, and some are very weak
        Now if Kratos entered smash. 🤔
            Kirby would still beat him by simply eating him
                Just don’t get eaten. So simple. 😂
                    Against powerful enemies kirby can also copy powers by swallowing projectiles, so don't use those or get disarmed either
                    Even if kratos avoids getting eaten Kirby is still really strong
        True, and I honestly don’t know these games lore as well as I should lol.
    Joker has also killed a god!
        He's killed 3 if you count the events of Royal and Strikers as a single canon.
    Shulk kills a god and becomes one
    I think a case for bayonetta will become stronger over time. She’s only had 2 games and in both of those we haven’t even seen her full potential for story reasons. Voice lines in both games hint at the fact that we haven’t even seen half of her full power yet. I’m excited to have this conversation again after bayonetta 3 comes out >_<
    Problem is that gods can vary in how powerful they are. Sure, Palutena is a god but Kirby gods literally 1-up everything she could possibly do. 

Saying they all have equal footing would be inaccurate.
You think that it’s a fair fight putting Kirby up against a literal Goddess?
    Yeah, that's unfair for Palutena
        I know!
Sonic is fast enough to restore time and space IN BASE just by running making his speed immeasurable. He’s also beaten gods that we’re going to destroy any and all timelines. Sora has similar feats as well. He can move where time doesn’t exist.
    Don’t forget he defeated hades and his 4 titans as well
        Didn't he get on a hydra's back once?
    And by going super, it makes Sonic even faster and more powerful than he already is
kirby 😼
You dropped this: **terry beating mars and also killing multiple gods in KoF**
    Yeah, but there is literally nothing terry can do against status effects. He doesn’t have resistance to instant win conditions, and we have no reason to believe he should. Terry is strong, but no chance against any of the rpg characters.
    Most of these characters are universal level in power 
Beating The god of war is NOT similar to beating reality warping, universe eating, black hole creating gods
    Ok, but half the roster has killed gods. I mean, Joker can use the same type of abilities that were used in SMT 4 to fight the literal concept of the universe on top of killing a God, being able to literally uses Ares (the Greek equivalent to Mars) as a relatively low-level persona.
Kirbo
    Poyo
Easy. Kirby because Sakurai.
Well Ganon gets his ass beat by a kid, so definitely not him.
Kirby is most powerful even without his copy ability. He’s killed literal god in his universe. Hell he’s a god slayer, he’s taken out many gods. Add on the fact that he can steal any opponents powers as well and it’s curtains.
Either Kirboi or Steve.
Kirby beats Steve as if Kirby inhales Steve he could kill him even in Creative since he has the void in his stomach
    Depends if it's bedrock or java, bedrock void doesn't hurt creative players

Edit: Smash is apparently C++, same language as Bedrock. So yeah void will do nothing to Steve in Creative.
Kirby is definitely the strongest based on his god killing list, the ability to take any power and use it himself, and his warp star is one of the fastest rides out there
Kirby
IMO its Kirby, Sora, or Sephi
Kirby one hundred percent. He’s the only character here who beats sephiroth, sephiroth has planetary level feats whereas Kirby has galaxy level feats
sephiroth or steve
How powerful are characters that exist *beyond* the game world itself? Are they more powerful than characters who only exist in the game? R.O.B. and Duck Hunt are two characters who come to mind.
IT'S TIME FOR A DEATH BATTLE!!!!!!!
There was no narrowing down needed. It's Kirby.
Kirby. He's cute, but deadly.
    Poyo
Mr. Saturn
Not Cloud
Wasn't there a whole blogpost somewhere that organized the entire roster as thoroughly as possible?

I remember something about Joker and Alph being placed in a separate bracket for "God-killers" because both canonically have defeated beings that came from a spiritual or supernatural plane of existance, but they overall ranked somewhere in the middle because they are still mortal beings and only defeated said beings with a certain tool or ability rather than their own strength/power.

I'd say Kirby is most-likely the strongest character based off of the fact that he frequently gains more power with every entity he beats and consumes, has canonically defeated multiple godlike beings of darkness and destruction, and is capable of surviving the vacuum of space and whatnot.
    I am very interested in this blogpost. Please let me know if you remember where it is.
As someone who has 100% both persona 5 games joker is just a teenage boy with a model gun and rubber knife who goes in people mind with his edgy OC with his friends changing peoples mind
    Ez win actually not many people here are aware of the metaverse
    As someone who has 100% on P5, P4, P3, and soon to be P1 (I haven't played P2 yet because I realized I should probably be doing it in order) Joker would obliterate all of them. Personas can be used outside mementos and Joker either hasn't realized it or doesn't want to accidentally murder someone when they bump into him. Also, Joker could just ask Philimon to become more powerful if it came down to it. Joker is op as hell and the fact you can beat both Makoto and Yu in the DLC proves that he is exponentially more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
        Now if a mainline smt protagonist got into smash..
wheres Matt from Wii Sports?
I wanna say Sephiroth. He has the ability to teleport his foes to another universe and cause a meteor to hit a star and explode it onto them. As well as completely debilitate them with white horse. He can petrify, sleep, paralyze etc. His best move being heartless angel which reduces everyone else's hp to 1. So like, in an actual fight his Safer-Sephiroth form is probably unbeatable 1 on 1.
    Chaos Elfilis can do that too. And what did Kirby do? Beat them easily.
        Chaos Elfilis can do that too. And what did Kirby do? Your mom. And Magalor and Marx and Void and someone with the power to turn the entire world into paint and someone with the power to turn the entire world into yarn.
    Cloud: hold my beer
        Well in his safer form cloud was with 2 other people.
            Yeah, but they didn’t even get a hit off because cloud used Omni-slash and one shotted sephi. Alright, if you max out the party sephi can have 400k hp, making him immune to being one shot by anything less than lucky sevens, but cloud can still easily solo the fight with the right materia setup, and that doesn’t include the other two times cloud killed him.
        Sora: Hold it Yourself
    He does all that and *still* loses to Blondie. So how strong is he really
        Cloud plus 2 others during his safer form. The 1v1 happens later after he's been weakened and once again while he's just a shadow of his former self.
    Ah so a Kirby Miniboss?
No Byleth? They're a literal god and can manipulate the flow of time... seems like they should at least be in the conversation?
https://c.tenor.com/HGALSXhAqW8AAAAC/kirby-jesus-christ.gif
I have a counter question for you guys — just out of curiosity. How do you all not get tired of having the same discussions/topics once(*or multiple times*) a month? 

Canonical strength has been discussed on our sub *so many* times and usually the same points are made each time.

*Edit:* lmao instantly downvoted within a minute of posting the comment. Stay classy Reddit.
    Ok, I've got an even *better* question, who is canonically the weakest character?
        Olimar he is smaller than an ant
            Ok, but according to Pokémon Alpha Saphire's Pokédex entry on Jigglypuff,

>When this Pokémon sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, Jigglypuff cannot breathe, endangering its life. 

So if Jigglpuff fights someone with Insomnia, it will kill itself attempting to sing them to sleep. [(Source)](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-xy/039.shtml)

This sentiment is also mirrored in Pokémon Saphire's Pokédex entry,

>When this POKéMON sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, JIGGLYPUFF cannot breathe, endangering its life. 

[(Source)](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-rs/039.shtml)

While this is contradicted by other entries, stating that

>Nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a JIGGLYPUFF's song. The sound waves of its singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep. 

in Emerald,

>By freely changing the wavelength of its voice, Jigglypuff sings a mysterious melody sure to make any listener sleepy.

in Shield, and

>Looking into its cute, round eyes makes it start singing a song so pleasant listeners can't help but fall asleep.

in Black 2 or White 2. However, we can assume that this doesn't effect creatures that are unable to sleep, or have Insomnia, as seen by the Pokémon ability "Insomnia" which is described in-game as,

>The Pokémon is suffering from insomnia and cannot fall asleep.

Which prevents a Pokémon from falling asleep while they have that ability. Thus concludes my thesis on why Jigglypuff is canonically the weakest character in Smash.
                Well is Pokédex even reliable I mean macargo the pokedex says that it is hotter than the surface of the sun and yet you don't see anything suddenly burst into flames when it is around.
                    Obligitory [what happens if you take the pokedex literally](https://youtu.be/zFqZggMcq34) animation
        That might be Olimar. Given that he is only a couple of cm tall, he can't lift things like a battery, I think. Canonically, most Smash Bros characters could defeat him by stepping on him, but I have not played the Pikmin games so I don't really know.
        What about ROB? If we don't count his smash appearances as canonical, he is just a toy.
    Dude I know right?! I can't fathom how people go about their days discussing on who's most powerful blah blah on the internet. Honestly beyond me.
        It’s fun debating. Apparently people can’t even do that without others putting themselves on a pedestal and looking down on them.
    greatest apologies that a public forum does not meet your standards, your majesty.
    Well, new people are consistently joining and there is always debate on this. Even though it's obviously Kirby.
Kirby No Questions
Kirby solos, easy
None of them are because they were all made by different people with different standards in mind and they can’t be ranked on the same quantitative scale
    [Oh boy, do I have a subreddit to introduce you to...](https://www.reddit.com/r/whowouldwin/)
    I like the bit of 'man who doesn't get what a hypothetical is'
I know that the player beats sephiroth in FF7, but I still don’t think you can say Cloud is more powerful. So you can probably take cloud off the list.
Kirby
Kirb
I mean technically sora has beaten Sephiroth and Cloud, so
Kirby by a hecking mile. That adorable genocide ball has killed no less that 13 god-level enemies, not to mention surviving black holes, planet-sided explosions, and being able to rebound anything that even has a chance of hurting him. (I’m not biased and ignore my pfp)
People laud Kirby as this god-slaying entity, but multiple of these other characters can do similar things. Sephiroth casually scales above deities like Odin, Ifrit, Shiva, Bahamut, and entities who destroyed a dimension holding multiple galaxies, and only became stronger in AC—and debatably even moreso in FF7R. Sora, at his weakest, had manipulation of time and space, and had enough power to scale to a Multiversal power(Kingdom Hearts itself), and becomes immensely stronger throughout the series.
    Sephi lost to cloud two and a half times, and sora is on the low end for space time manipulation here. God slaying might not be uncommon among this group, but neither is space and time manipulation, and for the most part, the limits of KH rpg mechanics make it hard for him to beat either Cloud or Joker.
        Cloud had a whole team behind him the first time, and the second time he got a plot power up from the spirit of Zack or whatever that was. Sephiroth was clearly outmatching him before that happened.
            It’s not difficult to solo sephi with cloud, you can actually kill him faster by yourself than with a maxed out party, and if cloud has a half decent materia setup, sephi can’t even deal enough damage to overcome his healing factor. Sephi isn’t a pushover, but the materia system gives cloud enough adaptability to overcome anything sephi could possibly throw at him.
                None of that matters. In canon, Sephiroth was defeated the first time by Cloud and his party, not just by Cloud himself.
You missed Ness, but probs Kirby (also Steve isn’t that powerful)
    A lot of people argue Steve cuz he can alter the codes to his game via creative mode, but it’s hard to quantify that. Know idea if that would only apply to in Minecraft, or if it’s a cannon ability (I’d argue that power levels need to be cannon in debates, such as mewtwo isn’t as weak as they appear in gameplay, cuz the game will even talk about how strong they are. Or like if you were arguing strongest anime characters, deku wouldn’t be movie-deku, since those were said to not be cannon)
    Why Ness?
Sephiroth got beaten by Cloud. He can't be the strongest. Steve may be the only one capable of creating things in his world, but against this roster he's nothing. I assume Palutena would be a frontrunner as a god, but Kirby is a god-slaying being so kirby might actually take it.
You can't kill ganon in a way that matters. He ain't the strongest here but he will be back in some form or fashion.
The strongest one is the one you write as the strongest.
Kirby is god
Kirby.
1st place goes to Kirbo.

2nd goes to Seph.

Also, I sort of feel like Ness deserved to be on this list, not that he'd be anywhere near the top.
Why are those other 13 here with Kirby?
Da kirb
How is link not on the same level as Zelda and ganondorf? Does the triforce of courage mean nothing to you? Link consistently rescues Zelda and beats ganandorf.
Kirby 100% Kirby
The Kirb
Joker is only powerful in the mind area (forgot what it’s called) so he’s just a normal guy and is out of the question. Steve has carrying strength, but isn’t even a god. I know nothing about Xenoblade or Final Fantasy. Mewtwo is powerful, but not a god. Palutena is a god. Zelda and Ganondorf are reincarnated gods. Kirby, Sonic, and Bayonetta eat gods for breakfast so it’s only between those three. RelaxAlax has a video on this question.
Canonically, sonic is almost faster than light, so shulk's power or the divine powers of palutena could potentially predict it, but that takes some of the guys here out. Not to mention Joker whose powers only exist in the metaverse, and even if the battle would be in the metaverse would he stand against a litteral God?
    actually it was confirmed by Sega that sonic runs at the speed of light in *base form*, so imagine how op he'd be against them in super/hyper mode
Bro joker can hold 12 demons in his pocket literally ( in game ) And with dlc for royal he can have a true God but in smash Bros he just gets his original persona but I would say that joker would be a close second to the top
    Smash basically gave him the tutorial persona lol
    dlc =/= canon tho
Super sonic
Game & watch
me.
If were going by smash logic then it's kirby but if it's by there base power without any of smash limitations then it's a tie between sethiroth, paluetena, Steve and kirby but even then it's kirby for both.
kirby violates this entire list, but ignoring him probably seph or mewtwo
pretty sure bayonetta killed the closest thing to god in the first game
Maybe Kirby, but it puts a bad taste in my mouth. I'd say Sephiroth is a pretty solid contender, seeing as he bisected Galeem in his reveal trailer
Depends on if Steve gets creative mode, other than that I’d say Palutena or Sephiroth
    Steve can die in creative mode. I’m thinking it’s more if he can use commands or not. Then he can just do the ol’ /kill
can we stop having the exact same conversation every fucking month
Dont Kirby, Sephiroth and Sora literally break reality multiple times throughout their series?
How do you have ganondorf, and not the little boy who beats him in every game?
The Dragonquest Heroes are canonically the strongest character in smash, but from that list it’s between Joker and Shulk
I say Kirby not because he kills gods because everyone on here is either a god killer or a god themselves but because Kirby’s gods’ have better feats to prove how strong Kirby is.
If Archie comics are counted I'd say it depends on wether or not sonic can beat Kirby fast enough and avoid getting vored by Kirby..


If not then Kirby solos your verse.
I'll put in my own two cents based on what I personally know. 

1. For Shulk, it's possible. He had godlike power, and literally rewrote the rules of the universe. However, it was limited, and as far as I remember, he doesn't have that sort of ability anymore. 
2. Pyra is literally meant to be a constrained version of Mythra, an alternate form of sorts that's just weaker. Mythra's strong, sure, foresight is immensely powerful, but her most powerful threat is through her control of massive mechanized monsters named Artifices, specifically Aion and Ophion, the latter being specifically attuned to her. They're simply something she can control and harness, same as how I become much more threatening when I have a gun in my hands. Plus, they didn't even give her Coffee With Milk, and without that, she's shown having serious issues with the likes of Jin and Malos. In fact, her control of Aion and Siren aren't even absolute. 
3. Steve doesn't refer to the player character, nor does it refer to the admin commands that the player can use. If it was, I don't think they would have used the name Steve. It would have been something more akin to Hero. They also specifically use the names Alex, Enderman, and Zombie, which are different from Steve. If Steve gets admin powers, so does Zombie, and that doesn't make any sense. I think Steve is way lower in canonical power than what most people give him credit for. Most of those powers like /kill and /gamemode1 are player controlled, not Steve controlled. It's like if you gave everyone else a  300% handicap and then said it was because Steve was powerful. 
4. Mewtwo is nowhere close to the abilities of Sonic or Kirby, the true benchmark that gets someone on this list. Even in it's most powerful forms, its mega forms, its power levels are only on the level of 200 m/s sprinting speed, and building crushing, for its X and Y megas respectively. Not on the level of the speed of sound or destroying dark gods. In terms of animals with regular animal abilities, yeah, it's amazingly strong, but putting it in the same tier of the Strongest in Smash is like comparing apples to caviar. They're just not on the same level. 

In terms of canonical power, I'd have to give it up to Kirby. I think Sonic, Palutena, and Bayonetta- especially Bayo- all put up a good fight, but none of them are simply quite as strong with such little effort as Kirby is. They take down universe threatening monsters with ease, sure, but the thing that made me think about just how powerful kirby is is based on how much damage he often takes from these foes. In a lot of these fights, like against the Void Soul, it takes a number of hits to kill Kirby that I don't think it would if Void Soul was fighting any other opponent. I think that, in terms of feats, Kirby has been had the best record, even compared to Sonic, who I think hasn't been taking on such massive threats so consistently.
Kirby! 

Embrace the hungering maw, before which even gods tremble

Poyo!
While sephitoth IS basically a god, kirby can easily just swallow him whole.

So yeah, kirby
It's Kirby, like if you say no you don't understand how *Busted* that piece of cotten candy is
Kirby can eat all of them so imma go with kirby
Isn't Kirby pretty much a pink eldritch horror?
Steve and Kirby i'd say. Power in Smash always comes down to these two.

I'm personally kinda mad that Samus isn't in that List. I'd add her because i'm a big metroid fan but also, have you seen the enemies she fought and killed? Girl's a badass
steve solos
We talking brute strength alone? Steve. Hands down.

Why? Because of how much weight he can actually carry in his backpack/inventory.

The densest substance in Minecraft is a gold block. They measure 1m by 1m, which means they weigh 19,300 kg EACH. 

Objects in Minecraft stack up to 64, so that’s… 1,235,200 kg per stack. Without any additional tools, Steve can carry 27 stacks of gold, which means he can carry 33,350,400 kg in his backpack.


NOW assuming that a shulkerbox weighs as much as the contents, we can then multiply that number again by 27, since each box holds 27 stacks, and he can have 27 boxes in his inventory at once.

This gives us a grand total of

900,460,800kg

Or 1,985,176,249 lbs, for the US Americans in the room.
Steve
Why isn’t meta-knight here?
1, 2 oatmeal Kirby is a pink guy
1, 2 oatmeal because kirbys very cuuuute
Steve
Sonic, Zelda and Pauletena aren’t that good
With that logic, Palutena's equally as powerful.
    one of them is canon
        The other in Ganon
            I’m confused why Ganon is even on the list, he’s gotten his shit wrecked by Link in every game of Zelda I have ever played.
                I’m guessing it’s deciding their power in a vacuum.
                    in Kirby then?
                I’m not an expert in Zelda lore but possibly because its always taken two of them to beat him.
                    Not really. 

Most of the time it's just link.

Link should be on the list if ganondorf is imo.
                        I think it's because Link only beats Ganondorf with the Master Sword, which is the only thing that can actually kill Ganon. Not to mention that he'll just reincarnate and get you eventually. I think he's up here because he's effectively immortal.

You have to win every time, he only has to win once.
            Maybe it's Maybelline?
        One lost to sentient carrots.
            The other is Palutena
                they've *both* lost to sentient carrots?

glad i've kept my hair short
            You wouldn’t?
        Wait,/Seph actually goes through a full bottle?
    With that logic, Steve is an unstoppable force
    With that logic, Bayo is equally as powerful.
        reminds me of the "I'm washing me and my clothes" vine
        With that logic incineroar is equally as powerful
        With that logic, she would be the strongest because her whole outfit is made out of her own hair
        BY these standards Bayo is the most powerful
        Her powers are based around her hair.
        She prob has the most hair out of any smash character. Especially if you count a giant demon dragon as hair. Tbh
        not Bayo 2 though
    That’s assuming Palutena washes her hair
    nah palutena stinks, and pit likes that kinda shit
        Pit is an aptly given nick name.
        Bruh
    With that logic, Sonic is more powerful as his entire body contains fur.
    Nah bro, she doesn’t wash her hair, that’s why it’s green and stanky
Bayonetta uses the 3 in one Head & Shoulders shampoo, conditioner, & body wash
    Yea but she’s all legs, she’s gotta use like three bottle to reach her ankles
Now I see that and I think Kirby has the power of Almighty God on his side, so it’ll be pretty even.
    Christian Kirby
    Kirby *is* Almighty God, Byleth is the one with god_and_anime.jpeg
Bayonetta fights with her hair which is also pretty powerful
I think it's at least one. Maybe two.
Sephiroth can bring a meteor down on you....

But Kirby can survive a black hole, and crack the planet in half with a punch
Bayo???? That bitch's clothes are MADE of her hair
Byleth would be the perfect foil for Joker. You go into his subconscious and run into the goddess Sothis on her throne. It would be almost just like that Jujutsu Kaisen episode where the MC’s soul attempts to be tampered with
    Sothis: So who are you supposed to be

Joker: bruh why you sound like my cat
        Sothis: I don’t care, I’m going to sleep. You do whatever you want.

Joker: We’ll at least you’re not like him at all
        All Sothis has to do to defeat Joker is tell him that its time to go to bed lol
    Damn, that was the last episode on last night's JJK binge. So by sheer dumb luck, I understood that reference
        I cant remember the exact quote but I loved the "I told you what would happen if you touched this realm again" line.

Fuck JJK is such a great show
    Man I came from r/All and am totally fucking lost in this conversation. 

Like a foreign language.
    So that's why MkLeo picked up Byleth, as a counter to Joker
    I mean, as far as persona is concerned, defeating a god isn't really the most outrageous thing that you might have to do. Every persona game ends up going down the route of:

First quest: help classmate find misplaced pencil

Final quest: kill god
    Finally a reference I get
What if Steve is in creative mode
    In creative mode you can still die to void damage, which I would say includes Kirby's stomach.
        you cant anymore
            It looks like you're right.  
You've inspired me to look further into it, and it also appears that even in creative mode, receiving instant damage (or healing) lvl 127+ will kill the player.  
With that said, Steve can absolutely be killed, even in creative mode, as long as the attack is 762x as strong as Steve's punch. Which, in the scale of the characters we're talking here, is not that strong.
                It depends how literally you take Minecraft, I always bring up the old video (I think it was Game Theory) that points out Steve can punch while holding 64 m³ of gold, which is almost 3 million pounds.

Minecraft is kind of messy though, there's a lot of laws of physics suspended for gameplay
                    I think in some official Minecraft books it says that they have a pocket dimension where they store their items, although I could be wrong and I’m not sure if the book was canon
                        This would really apply to basically all video games, though.

Except for Death Stranding.
                            What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
                                Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
                The man can atomise stone with his fists in seconds so he's gotta hit pretty hard. But then also he takes a lot of punches just to kill a chicken so I guess not. But maybe Minecraft has super hardy chickens? Who knows.
                    Zelda and Link cant even kill chickens in their world. Steve is OP
                Bro, Steve can punch fire out. He can destroy rocks with it. He can fell a tree with his punch.
        Although i believe that kirby could kill steve if he gets him on his mouth, I believe that inhale wouldn’t pull him in since damage and knockbsck arent really a thing in creative 

The only way to kill steve is if the universe decided to kill him in the same vain as a command block which I dont know if any character can do since I dont know the lore of all of them
            Yeah, but creative mode is totally cheating. The game even acknowledges this by disabling achievements whenever you’re in creative or cheats are enabled. Honestly though? I don’t know that it matters. There’s nothing Steve could do to come even close to killing some of these characters. At absolute best he gets a stalemate.
                If he has cheats he can /kill, although he might be able to be killed before he can type the command in by certain characters.
            Endgame Shulk could do it since >!the Monado is basically the universe's computer!<
        Yeah but kirbo can’t break bedrock
I think in a mashup of cannons, Sephiroth is probably a god in Mementos, similar to the holy grail. Maybe Gannon too. Not sure Joker can take him out easily.
    If they are then >!sinful shell!<
        That requires very specific circumstances. You would need the whole of at least Japan to be cheering Joker on simultaneously.
        Begone
    sephiroth doesn’t control a collective unconscious like izanami nyx or jaldabaoth
        Ok maybe not on the level of the holy grail, though he is a legendary war hero so he is strong in the collective unconscious.
            If anything, his massive ego and (maybe? Never played final fantasy) psychosis would lead to him having his own palace, making joker’s entry slightly harder, but once he’s in all he has to do is track down Sephiroth’s shadow and kill it. Jokers dealt with shadows who think they’re a god before, he should be able to win. Let him use items he’s prepared and it’s an even easier win.
    Joker never did anything in Persona 5 alone (besides maybe the (slight spoiler) giant silver bullet) 

He always needed the phantom thieves and the power of friendship to get shit done
So it’s Kirby
    It depends on the version of the character. For example, peak sonic could kill peak kirby before they has the chance to see him. But game sonic has nowhere neat the power or speed to kill game kirby, and probably couldnt even outrun kirbys inhale.
        How though?  How do you even kill Kirby?
            As someone who isn’t versed in Kirby and just assumed he was a funny pink plush ball, I’ve started going down the “Kirby lore” rabbit hole and I was reallly not expecting what I’m seeing.
            Idk, but archie sonic can travel twice the speed of light and casually dimension jump. He has ridiculous speed feats. He could probably kill kirby with sheer force. And beating that, he could just run into another dimension and bfr kirby easily.
                See, Kirby can do the same. He’s canonically broken through reality, all of it, just to kill a Madgod who was controlling it all, consumed him so has his power (?). All of it without breaking a sweat.

There is no limit to Kirby, for he is destruction incarnate.

If it exists, Kirby is stronger than it. If it exists paracausally, Kirby is stronger than it
                Kirby has significantly ftl+ speed and perception as well as multiversal striking power, having canonically thrown a meteor 9.5e19m/s
                Kirby had hit a meteor with a baseball bat and sent if flying far far faster than the speed of light
                He’s way more than “double the speed of light”


He’s fast enough to run across his entire universe visiting every planet on the way and still be home in time for dinner, he can manipulate water and throw it to accurately hit a target in 1 picosecond, that’s a number with 11 zeroes after the decimal point in seconds: (0.000000000001 seconds) 


He’s fast enough to cross the multiverse over 1000 times in a single night, of which only a fraction is still 148,000 light years.

He’s also later stated to have incalculable speed.

He destroyed the quantum dial, a device made to create black holes to destroy solar systems. Sonic not only matched the Dial’s speed he moved so fast the hand on the dial started moving *backwards*

 terms of durability he’s an absolute tank. 

He was blasted 849,000 light years from earth when the Quantum Dial exploded from Sonic’s speed, he crash landed on a planet and it was revealed he wasn’t even knocked out, he was taking a Nap the entire time. This is all happening at the same time everyone thinks he’s dead because he vanished.

Sonic also survived a brutal beat down from his own super form which at its peak was able to manipulate reality up to an 11th Dimensional level.


And this is only lightly touching on Archie sonic.
            Use an unblockable attack that takes out 90% of his health after your health is depleted
        Game Sonic does have the power thanks to fighting solaris
            Kirby kills gods like solaris daily.
                Solaris was going to consume all existing timelines. Not a lot of Kirby villains are doing things like that
                    But Kirby latest villain was destroying two separate realities
                        What does “reality” mean here? Are these realities universes or multiverses
                            I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
                    Doesn’t mean Kirby couldn’t take em
                        Kirby is definitely able to beat Solaris. I’m just saying that game Sonic can hurt and kill Kirby
Pythra are Aegides, >!one of which raised Shulk to godhood, so if they're in that pocket universe, they're above him!<
    Fair. In that case it is probably a tie between those two in that scenario, but I never played xc2 so I am not 100% sure.
    Not really. Yes, they a part of the Aegis, but not completely. Pneuma is truly the Aegis and she caps out at Planet level. It's because of the difference in XC1's world and XC2's world. An Aegis has the ability to manipulate ether. However, XC1's world is completely made of ether and XC2'S world has large amounts of ether but is not completely made of it. That's why Shulk can recreate a universe, and Pythra can shoot pretty lasers
        So really, it's dependent on where the fight is. If we're on Bionis, Pythra wins. If we're in Alrest, Shulk wins. If we're in Mementos, Joker wins.
            Theoretically, maybe
            The problem is Shulks abilities are also ether manipulation, so he'd also be much weaker on Alrest.
Just from pure feats (ignoring universal creation as shulk didn't really do that, Alvis did) Pythra, more specifically Pneuma, have much more impressive feats of being able to rewrite physical laws on the fly which in at least one cutscene allowed for lights speed or, at the very least, near lights peed combat.
                light peed
        Uh.. Whats Xenoblade about? I've wanted to play them but haven't jumped on it.
            While all the games are connected, they each have their own seperate story and plot lines.

The first one follows Shulk on his quest for revenge against the man eating Mechon. It sounds generic, but it is really good. It's my 5th favorite game of all time and Shulk is my favorite video game character of all time.

The second follows Rex as he travels across Alrest, trying to help a mysterious girl named Pyra get home. Again, it sounds generic, but the Xenoblade games are experts of crazy amazing stories.

I haven't played X so I couldn't tell you what it's about. Either way, I highly recommend the series.
                What X is about?

„It‘s this planet, there‘s something about this planet“
                    X is a lot less focused on story than the other two in favour of world exploration and navigation and it leaves me wondering how the heck they managed to put that game on the Wii U. It’s my favourite in the series for its gameplay but if you’re looking for story then while it’s still Xeno series tier it’s not exactly as strong as the other Xenoblade games. That being said, that is also an incredible plot summary.
                Thank you for that. I will most definitely check them out.
    Nono, Shulk would be more powerful than the Aegises. >! He's the vessel of/felled Zanza, who is just Claus. !< I'd say that's more powerful than the Aegises in context
        >!Alvis is Ontos, so he's still weaker!<
            Ah, checks out. I wish I could pay attention to the lore more but rn BoC mode is kicking my ass and all I can do is struggle
                It's never explicitly stated, just from context clues like >!Alvis' key becomes a red Aegis core crystal/Trinity Processor core in DE!<
            There is a difference though. In Shulk’s case, him and Alvis are in a universe where Alvis has 100% control. In that case, even if Pneuma could manipulate Reality, it would only be (at absolute maximum power) on Zanza’s scale. Not to mention that there is a range for how much reality manipulation can be done (as Pneuma still needed help destroying the World Tree, and couldn’t just make it disappear. Shulk could just make it disappear without any effort at all).
        But Klaus has no power of his own, its all redirected from the trinity processor, of which the Aegises directly connect to, so by that logic they are obviously more powerful.
        If you want spoiler tags to work remove the spaces between the !s and what you want to spoiler.
    Today I learned, that.
I’m unfamiliar, what makes Kirby so powerful?

Edit: so many responses! Probably won’t respond to everyone individually but I feel much more educated knowing that Kirby is basically on the level of Dragon Ball Gods!
    Kirby kills a reality warping god at the end of every Kirby game
        so does bayo tbf
            Not as many times to be fair but that just means we need more Bayonetta games!
            Yeah, but she needed serious help both times. Jubileus wasn’t restored to full power and Bayo still needed Jeanne’s help to summon Sheba to deliver the killing blow. Aesir basically had Bayo beat until Loki deleted the Eyes Of The World and then had help from Balder and Jeanne.
    Kills gods on the regular with minimal effort, canonically stated to have infinite power, casually planet busting
        Yeah he’s literally punched through a planet
            for sport, may i add
                He hit a world destroying asteroid 9999 Light years away in 25 seconds.With a Bat.

*Smacks the top of kirby*

This pink ball can fit so much power.
                    Pink ball: opens mouth

Ị̶̉̓͜n̷̥͐͊t̷̛̤͑̂o̸̥͆̒ ̸̟͉̒t̶̝̙̓̇ͅh̵̢̟̞̔̀̐e̴͔͉͕͑̿̕ ̷̭̝̇̇v̶͔̌̽̍ő̸͚͗i̵̧̯͆ḑ̴̞͋̎ ̶̪͚̋̑w̵̡̎i̵̡͌͝t̵̙̹͒͐̈́h̴̡̨̅ ̸̻͙͔̈́̕͝ÿ̸̤̹̖̐̄ȏ̷͖̤́͜ṷ̶̿
    Literally just having a good time and Vibing his way through life while casually beating and consuming actual gods.
        He also swallows the local populace whole and manifests their power or even create zombie puppets out of them to assist him in his "Vibing".
    People here, while they did mention Megaton Punch, haven’t yet mentioned yet the one subgame in star allies where you hit an incoming meteor with a baseball bat and send it back the other way at billions times faster than the speed of light while casually destroying multiple planets along the way.
    Kirby is essentially an Eldritch abomination that didn’t really care about his intended purpose, ie consuming everything in the universe. He really only cares about his home planet and his friends, but regularly gets into fights with other universe level threats
        I was going to make a play on One Punch Man but "One Suck Puffball" is just... uhhh...
    Canonically Kirby has infinite power and he defeated Magolor wielding the Master Crown, a reality warping mage who also had infinite power
    OK so basically there's this primordial thing called void and it's exactly what it sounds like

Kirby as well some antagonists are born from this void termina and are all *very strong* and when I say that keep in mind bandana wadledee can punch with 150 mega tons and he's one of the grunt enemies

Kirby has regularly fought and won against other void spawn and Kirby isn't even an adult yet
    Everything else listed, and his stomach is basically its own pocket dimension
I mean, technically the entire game could be in the Metaverse, because Joker can be seen in his Phantom Thief outfit on any stage in the game, it's just the only stage we know for a fact is in the Metaverse is Mementos because it's an actual location in Persona 5. So if we go by that, then no matter what, Joker would be the most powerful.
    Joker isn't inherently more powerful in the metaverse than anyone else, he's just a wild card. If, say, Kirby found and killed your shadow, you'd be just as dead as if Joker did it.
    Not necessarily. His powers rely on human cognition, which means he’d only win if you can convince everyone else that he’d be able to beat all these characters, not to mention that most of these guys could easily wipe out all of humanity to cripple joker, and I highly doubt a few of these have palaces.
        He doesn't need to convince everyone that he would win, his *own willpower* also counts. He would never have beaten Shido if that were not the case.
        They don’t need palaces to be killed. >!The black mask killer targeted multiple people by finding them in mementos, it was just the 5th palace ruler’s murder that we actually saw!<
Sora’s kinda stacked, I know in KH3 he and his friends have all been killed and was still able to undo time through sheer will friendship and a stupidly busted special ability to come back to life and change fate heavily in his favor, lol

This isn’t even taking into account his natural ability to manipulate Time, Space, Light, Darkness, Water in KH3 lol, Summons, Limits, he can perfect parry Sephiroth’s Octaslash which is pretty fun to watch, he can steal the enemy’s skills on the fly like Kirby but without having to suck his opponent, if Guard worked this way in Smash he’d be cracked but his regular Guard reflects just about every projectile back to sender, he even steals Power Levels and adds 10 to it to have that edge over the opponent which is funny as hell lol, and i haven’t even touched on his other forms where he literally just starts teleporting for free as if he didn’t already have Link’s flurry rush in base form 

I don’t actually know if Sora can be considered the strongest by definition because he still is technically unrefined and self-taught, but with a wild card like him idk if this debate will ever reach a sound conclusion lol
    Don't forget Sora's most effective power of all: the power to turn into a boat.
        How can i forget freaking BOAT 

OH WAIT YEAH Sora can also sail a pirate ship Sora’s hands down the strongest character in Smash, no one can beat him if he sails away and just shoots from a distance literally what is Kirby going to do he has to copy god powers to beat Sora but all he gets are cannon balls to the face-body and Sora is already sailing far away from him taking shots from a distance

Joker can’t hit him with any persona skills because Sora sailed too far and he’s still taking potshots from his boat

Sephiroth can’t even destroy the planet to kill Sora because Sora travels worlds and will sail away into another world’s ocean and take potshots at Sephy from there there is literally nothing he can do to kill Sora

Shulk can become the universe but Sora literally traverses multiverses and his boat doesn’t run out of ammo he can just keep shooting at Shulk from a different universe while sailing away

Sonic can’t swim so he’s already out of the question Sora is surrounded by water and he’s still sailing away and no one can stop him from taking potshots
            Eh....I agree with everything but Kirby, he baseball batted a comet by swinging it at double light speed or something like that, I think he could hit Sara's boat. 

Other than the absolute obserdity of Kirby, I would agree with you though.

Can sonic canonical run on water? I never really played sonic games to be honest.
                Thats impossible Kirby can’t reach Sora when he’s sailing away

Also his ship apparently has barrier anyway it’s actually kinda hilarious how beefy his boat is naturally lol
>joker can kill everyone and they cant do anything to stop him.

Sora could easily kill Joker before he even gets the chance to go into mementos via Power of Waking dude.

Hell he could follow him into Mementos itself if he wanted to.
    Fair. I am not hugely familiar with kingdom hearts
    You talking about the reality warping aspects, or the go into people’s hearts and take them out aspects? Bc Joker can do both, mementos travel is pretty much instant. I don’t know too too much abt KH, does the stuff Sora’s able to pull w/PoW compare to that?
        >You talking about the reality warping aspects, or the go into people’s hearts and take them oit aspects? Bc Joker can do both

Sora can do both of those himself, he has the ability to manipulate the laws of worlds and can warp reality, as for diving into hearts the Power of Waking allows Sora to directly dive into a Persons heart or a Worlds heart, theoretically he could destroy/harm/damage both using this ability. The Power of Waking also allows him to reset the multiversal timeline via creating a singularity by Time Travel and can bring the dead back to life (though that's an incorrect use of using the abiltiy) since its main function is to both travel (creating portals) and repair a sleeping heart back to the way it was normally.

Joker as far as I know would have to search out a person's Shadow in Mementos and it's doubtful Sora would even have a Shadow because he's not from Jokers world it's established in KH that if you aren't from a world, certain aspects of that Worlds Order wouldn't apply to you since you aren't native to it. This includes curses by gods.
            He wouldn’t have to take out Sora’s shadow in a fight, that’d just be how he’d change his heart/kill him w/o him knowing. I think this is more of a 1on1, where he’d just bring Sora into Mementos w/him. Even if he did try to take him out through his heart, Sora’d probably just be resistant to it PoW or not. He’s been fighting people inside his own heart since Roxas. Sora couldn’t go back and kill Joker either bc it’d just kill himself >!or send Sora to Quadratum?!<. Seems to me Power of waking just puts them on similar level, basically making them immune to the other’s Insta-win button. If you’re unfamiliar, having a persona makes your heart immune to being tampered with.
            All true, you don't really think about how nonsense but op sora powers are outside of kh context. It's like Kirby probably being one of the top contenders here but it's not like he's vibing like a killing machine, sora and kirby are just op from their cartoony worlds with nutty powers that they need to fight their op villains
    What does that power do
        Gatlings the opponent with plot holes.
            You know the amount of actual Plot Holes in KH is actually really low. Retcons on the other hand are a plenty.
                "Plot holes are inconsistencies or gaps in the storyline or character development. They are formed when a narrative stops following its own logic."

I'm just gonna leave this here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/eyipym/anyone_know_some_kingdom_hearts_plot_holes/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
                    I know what a plot hole is and I've already seen that page which people in it have already answered in the thread. [And a lot of people agree that the series has a low amount of lore contradicting plot holes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/p4ksrj/does_the_kh_series_have_any_genuine_plotholes/) Most of the "plot holes" featured in that thread already have answers that can be found in the game

some plot holes that are likely to be retcon

•Xehanort age from KH DDD to KH3 (we don't know if Dark Road will Retcon this since it's not done yet.)

•Where did Riku get >!Kairi's Keyblade?!< Nomura just recently said [he was going to explain this so once again a retcon.](https://www.kh13.com/news/update-kingdom-hearts-20th-anniversary-qa-responses-missing-link-information-r3653/)

•Nameless Star knowing Sora's name. It's likely she's an oracle like the original Stella from FF vs XIII was, another retcon.

*Blank Points Aqua and her memory issues. The Realm of Darkness makes you forget your memories, this is not even a retcon it's established back in KH1 and KH2.
I mean, if cheats are enabled steve could just /gamemode creative and he becomes a god
    He could. Good job this entire roster is made up of gods and god killers then, isnt it?
        Well yeah but if steve doesn't have a health bar he cannot be killed, now can he?
            He can still be killed by /kill, the void or even a splash potion with modified nbt. He is far from immortal in creative mode.
                So then it depends on world logic. If we’re in the Minecraft world can anybody use commands or only Steve? Or if Steve goes into another characters universe can he still use commands?
        Well yeah but if steve doesn't have a health bar he cannot be killed, now can he?
That universal feat for shulk is kinda iffy. >!Yes he killed god, yes he created a new universe, yes he breifly took on the power of a god. Except, we never actually saw how powerful Zanza actually was beyond "pretty fucking powerful". Like it's not like he was strong enough to wipe out all life on Bionis by himself, which is why he made the Telethia. So not universal strong. And while Shulk breifly had the power to recreate the universe... it wasn't actually him doing it. Alvis was, Shulk just had the authority to order him around. And literally for 0 seconds, because Alvis paused time lol.!<
Kirby just eats gods on the daily. He eats another character and gets there power and becomes even stronger
    And then Sora can summon Genie and wish away Kirby’s ability to inhale lol
        Kirby inhales genie
Steve has commands in his strongest version
Even in the games Sonic can kill beings that can eat the multiverse like Solaris and Dark Gaia.
What makes Archie Sonic so powerful?
    Twice as fast as the speed of light, dimension hopping at will, and whatever reality warping bullshit the chaos force allows for.
archie sonic is technically not canon as he has a different backstory and is a separate character
/kill
Idk man Strongest Kirby rocks the world of Archie comic Sonic.
I honestly feel like Sora would just bullshit his way through lmao
Yeah, Archie Sonic is very overpowered. In that universe, Sonic is implied to be FTL (Faster than Light) in his BASE form, and has 3 super forms, Super Sonic, Hyper Sonic, and Ultra Sonic, who can casually blitz GODS.
    In the ARCHIE COMICS?! I must’ve missed that one haha
        Archie Comics the company did runs of Sonic, Megaman, and Sonic & Megaman. 

They’re not characters in Archie the comic though.
            Oooh. That makes more sense. I thought Sonic opened a wormhole to Riverdale and murdered the gang
                That'd be pretty awesome, too.
    If Super requires the Chaos Emeralds, how does he go into the other ones?
[Sonic's full power](https://youtu.be/zIf9oMnjzow)
    If a Wish.com Dr. Strange fought a geeked out Sonic
    Wtf is this?
        Sonic traveling through multiverses in Base Form
"Either Sonic is a god or could kill god, and *I do not care if there is a difference!*"


Flash edit: I was only gonna share the clip if someone asked but I don't think my comment fully captured this mans descent into insanity. 

https://youtu.be/HsTLmY4OVWI
Sonic is in the riverdale universe?!
and if we’re talking meta, then steve because kill commands/creative mode
    The only reason why I wouldn't say Steve is because then you'd also be giving admin powers to Zombie and Enderman, and because, let's be real, it's not Steve executing these commands, it's the player.
    Idk if console commands should apply to anyone lol. If that’s the case than any game character that has a command console can just enter god mode and turn on noclip.
        yeah i meant it more as a joke, but creative mode itself is a part of the game so would that count?
            Yah, you can't load sonic in god mode, but Steve can. In this mode he can create and end all life as well as build his own universe. 

But yah, silly question for the memes
                You can actually totally load Sonic in God mode, in Sonic 3 and Sonic and knuckles if you grab onto a Vine and input a specific sequence of directions you turn on debug mode. Allowing you to place any enemy Sprite or stage object at will, including boxes that automatically turn you into the strongest form of Sonic presently unlocked.
        Honestly, Kirby has dealt with meta threats before. He's just going to somehow eat the command console and then go for a nice little walk to get some snacks.
    Steve doesn’t use console commands, the player does.
    the Kill commands wouldn't get R.O.B. because he's a robot
Attach it to a redstone repeater command block
    Just make the command block a Chain command block

Edit: Thanks to u/TommDX I acknowledged that it is a repeat command block not a chain command block
        Steve has the power of blockchains and i dont think any of these people can deal with someone who's invulnerable to any kind of dmg, even the void. 

Plus he has a pocket dimension of every conceivable material and species in minecraft, not even including commands that let him control weather, time, space, and manipulating the properties of any item/block. 

Closest would be Kirby but i think creative mode Steve is just broken.
            No no, you can’t claim Steve has access to commands or command blacks. The Minecraft menu literally calls them cheats and disables achievements when you use them. Do you really want to start a debate about debug menus and cheat codes? Because I’m sure there’s at least a few characters who’d benefit from a debug menu or two.
                I would have to check bedrock edition, but java edition has never disabled the ability to earn achievements or advancements if you have cheats enabled.
                How about raw strength?  Based on crafting recipes and inventory size, Steve is capable of lifting [over 355 million kilograms.](https://ideas.fandom.com/wiki/How_strong_is_Steve%3F)  While sprinting.
                    They actually explained that the inventory is a pocket dimension, so it’s actually no weight at all, not to mention lifting strength doesn’t correlate to attacking strength, he still does half a heart with a punch.
                        Then he can still punch a 1-metel cube of steel into nothing in less than 30 seconds.  Assuming he merely vaporizes it and doesn't actually atomize it, that means he's generating 489,260,978 kilo-joules of energy.  With his fists.  In 25 seconds.

Because his punches only do half a heart of damage to other players of equal power, we can extrapolate that Steve is almost indestructible.
            The things you say are true and a good point, but I will continue to believe in Poyo-supremacy
Poyo poyo, the god has spoken
and joker has also killed a god before
    Cloud has now killed the god of fate and technically has defeated Sephiroth multiple times so there is that.
    He’s killed 2 gods
        Three if you count Yaldobath, Adam Kadmon and Demiurge
            I wouldn’t consider Kadmon a god, it’s just an extremely powerful persona.
                I feel that those can overlap tho? Like a being can be a god and a persona, Adam Kadmon had the powers of a god and even inherited the powers of yaldaboth, he even had agency outside of Maruki’s control, I think gods can be personas and personas can be gods or god like beings, like satannael or in this case Adam Kadmon/Azathoth
Does *Steve* really have creative mode, or is that just the player behind him? Creative mode is a cheat code entered in the command line (even the game of Minecraft itself calls it as a “cheat”). IMO I don’t associate a cheat code with a character’s canon. Otherwise you could say that someone who applied cheats to FFVII to make Cloud invincible makes Cloud canonically the strongest, right?
    Who can say? It's just kinda funny to think that this square-looking dude with no expression is the most-powerful character in Smash (even if it's not really the case, my comment was mostly just a joke anyway).

I suppose the closest thing we have to a Minecraft "canon" would be those animated trailers Mojang drops whenever a new update releases. Steve and Alex have never actually been shown using Creative Mode or commands in those before, but they have died plenty of times and respawned, specifically in the trailer for The Nether Update. So if we take those trailers as "canon", then Steve and Alex can canonically respawn after death and don't stay dead.
        Yeah I suppose those trailers can be considered canon. 

>	even if it’s not really the case, my comment was mostly just a joke anyway).k

Yeah I know haha. I was being nit-picky tbh
        If we take the animations as cannon, mods become cannon, and i know for sure not a single one of these characters has the mental fortitude to play any gregtech pack to completion except for Steve.
    creative mode is a legitimate gamemode, so that nuances things. you can generate a new save in creative mode. playing in creative is just as canon as survival or hardcore. commands on the other hand.... i agree that they don't count. a lot of games have console commands, and they aren't canon.

Then again, what is canon minecraft lol.
        Yeah it’s a gray area. It’s a sandbox game so does it even have a canon? Or is anything and everything you can do in the game canon? I guess it’s up to each person on how they define “canon”.
        canon minecraft is gregtech
        The only things I would consider canon are things you have to do to beat the game, like travel to the Nether, travel to the End, and defeating the Ender Dragon
    There’s also the command block. Although vanilla Minecraft requires creative to access it, it somehow was used in Story Mode and lead to the creation of the Wither Storm
    You can set creative mode as the default when creating a new world. It's not just activated through cheats.
    To be fair, even without creative mode, Steve can technically carry billions of kg of gold blocks in his inventory.
    Blocky Cloud skin.
*What is coffee milk?*
    I can't say *exactly* what it is for spoiler reasons, but to describe it, it's what happens when Lyn from Fire Emblem and Hatsune Miku do a Dragon Ball Fusion, and are given god powers and the ability to do whatever the f\*ck she wants.
    Xenoblade fans are very serious about spoilers, "Coffee with Milk" is a nickname given to a character who's entire presence is a massive spoiler.
    It’s when pyra and mythra combine to become pnuema and for some reason ppl who play xenoblade are afraid to talk about it even though most smash ppl don’t care or don’t play it
        Yep, it's the weirdest thing. I've never seen a franchise fan base more terrified of spoilers than Xenoblade. They try to obfuscate the most mundane stuff
            Next they’ll inform you that shulk’s final smash has a spoiler but won’t tell you what it is (they’re afraid you won’t play the game )
    I don't think it's much of a spoiler at this point since the game's been out for like 5 years and there's a spirit of the character in Smash. But Coffee with Milk is how Rex naively describes Pyra and Mythra's true form which is also a lot stronger than the other two forms.
    Head on down to Rhode Island and get yourself some, it's delicious!
- Coffee with Milk Mode

Hahahahaha!
best comment in this whole comment section
/gamemode creative
What about Sora?
    (I don't really know anything about KH, so I'm unfamiliar with Sora's power, but I've heard it's like multiversal or something?)
The stupidest thing about Kirby is that even without copy abilities he's freakishly strong. Like he has to be 100% muscle mass to do the absurd physical things he does, like a flippin' miniature hulk. Actually more absurd than Hulk, imagine Hulk, but he weighed like 5 pounds instead of 5 tons and that Kirby could still suplex him with ease.
Runner up is Sonic or Bayonetta who also eat gods for breakfast.
    >Runner up is Sonic

Ironic...
    
Not Bayonetta. She’s powerful, but on her several occasions fighting actual gods, she needed help to finish off the first one and help to weaken the second one enough to finish him off.
Sephiroth has been canonically defeated by both Cloud and Sora. He doesn't even deserve to be on this list.
    I don’t know that I’d say sora canonical defeats canonical sephi. We really don’t have any good reason to believe KH sephi was even close to as power as he is in ff7, most of the characters in KH aren’t the same as their original counterparts. Honestly, I don’t think sora stands a chance. He’s got his power scaling and immunity to instant win conditions, but he’s way to slow to hit sonic, and he definitely can’t out dps cloud and joker with healing builds. It doesn’t help that joker theoretically can’t be defeated as long as people believe he has, making it a necessity for Sora to destroy the world to even have a shot.
Kirby for sure, but even within Sephiroth's various depictions he's been defeated by Cloud. That alone should at least bump him off since Cloud is also in the running. Then you have to consider the fact Sora is also up there and he's able to defeat the both of them.
An adorable little black hole
    Aw, aren’t you just the cutest little extinction event
        The TV-YA version of Gluttony’s stomach.
        Poyo!
        Lets also remember that kirby is a baby and has killed gods and planet destroyers. A full grown kirby would be over powered
He killed a god because they sabotaged his cake
He's a God, when you boil it down
He literally has the power to play NES games, u ain't see sonic doing that shit in real life
    What are you talking about? I watched a very real Sonic V-tuber play Sonic video games.
Damn, I didn’t even think of that. All of these characters exist in their games, and no matter how powerful they become in them, they’re still in their games. Meanwhile, Rob just actually exists, so they can’t even touch him
    Duck Hunt player on their way to find Rob
He made an appearance in Mario Kart DS
    my mii made an appearance in Wii sports. that doesnt mean im a video game character
        But the Mii isn’t you, it’s just modeled after you. A ditto transformed into a Charmander isn’t a Charmander, it’s just modeled after one
            Exactly. The ROB that’s featured in games is just modeled after the real one
So is my Bayo body pillow so checkmate.
So technically Rob is closer to having a body counter then the entire roster combined.
Rosalina has the power to "reset the universe", which sounds cool. But she needs to have the Lumas commit mass suicide, and seems to only be able to do this once. 

And compared to some of the other things on the list, is resetting the universe even that big of a power?

Also, she lost to Bowser before the game even started. That's right, the guy that Mario beats up on a weekly basis. Somehow she got in a battle with him and lost big time.
    I agree with you on all those points except for the fact that she did it twice, not once it was just before the story (or it was her mother I could be stupid)
    The character is called rosalina and luma
        Nuh uh its floating peach and her little star guy.
            Princess Apple and Invincibility Star
                Princess Toadstar and Shrooma
        Actually it's Rosalina's monster.
    Okay, but you say that like Bowser’s some weak ass.

Being beaten by Bowser ain’t no laughing matter, considering he could kick the asses of nearly everyone on the list above
    I don't think the game ever explains how Bowser steals the Grand Stars from Rosalina. I never remember it mentioning a battle of any kind with Bowser vs Rosalina. He could have distracted her or something.

I only played Super Mario Galaxy and not the sequel.
    It’s not necessarily the resetting of the universe that would be most beneficial to her in this competition, but it seems she can *survive* the destruction of the universe which is important. And she seems to be able to let whatever she wants survive the destruction of the universe too

She also never necessarily lost to bowser, we don’t know how he stole her stars
I dont know why Steve is there , and yes the answer is Kirby
    All he must do is utter one of the forbidden incantations to delete the universe or become a god

/gamemode c

/kill @e
        Steve doesn’t do that. The player does using console commands. I can’t think of any other game where people think console commands are part of a character’s canonical abilities.
        True, also carries limitless amounts of even the heaviest of items. Probably has more lifting strength than Kirby, but Kirby still wins.
            The books written by Mojang though stated that the inventory is a pocket dimension though and the physics of the Minecraft world are completely different then ours which makes answering this question complicated.
                Hmm... So is Steve not actually carrying the stuff? This does make it complicated indeed.
                    Even if he was, his lifting strength is completely irrelevant. Punching someone with a Sbox full of garbage does less damage then poking them with a spade.
            Kirby can send a meteor 9999 light years in 25 seconds using a baseball bat
            I feel like its a stalemate

Kirby could absolutely kill steve but steve can do the same to kirby, it would depend on who striked first
                I feel like Steve's striking power isn't that impressive, even with Netherite tools. Kirby can tank basically anything, Steve can get killed by spitting alpacas.
                    I feel like breaking stone 1m^3 with only fists says a lot about his striking power
                        Doesn't it take a while for him to break 1 m³ of Stone though?
        To be fair, even with creative gamemode Steve is still killable and has never been proven to have control over something not belonging to Minecraft, so it's still not as op as it looks like
        Guess he's lucky the Dovahkiin and none of the Valve characters got in because you can do the same thing in their games
    His theoretical strength is high enough that he could carry the weight of a black hole, but his gameplay otherwise doesn't support this. Its more he has an ability to alter the properties of objects to make them weightless rather than the strength to carry anything
        Kirby punches planets to break them in half in his gameplay what are talking about. Kirby is a planet buster without anything other than the strength of his punch. Not even Goku or Superman can destroy planets with just raw kinetic force of punching. Also Kirby’s Star travels FASTER THAN TIME. Literally he used the warp star to travel to the future after the calamity. 

So you tell me if Kirby is the strongest smash character. By far strongest on the roster, faster than 99% of the roster, **AND THATS WITHOUT COPYING ANY POWERS.**

Not to mention he’s a baby. Imagine the universe destroying power of a full grown Kirby.
            Kirby destroys a moon not planet in one of his minigames, though still quite impressive.

Goku and superman both far exceed the strength required to do this

Kirbys star is not his own power

But thats being said, Kirby is still a very formidable individual with a lot of feats of strength and skill
Yes
i was thinking abt that, but we never rlly see her doing anything like it’s more implied power right?
    Considering that she >!resets the universe!< in her mainline games I think she deserves to be up there.
Byleth is technically a god and controls time.
    True, but Byleth wasn’t listed above.
        I believe they were asking who in smash was the most powerful, and the list was just the op's opinion.
    Unfortunately, Byleth just gets infinite tries to fail an impossible task. He is shown to be rather limited in terms of rewinding time and has failed to change events such as someone getting assassinated in front of them. It ensures that if Byleth can beat something, they likely will, but there is no circumstance in which Byleth will win against the likes of characters with great speed or durability. Maybe the relics can overcome Ganondorf like the master sword? Otherwise, many of these characters just seem out of reach.
Joker killed a god.
Sonic has killed gods as well. Perfect Chaos, Solaris, the one dude from Secret Rings whose name is so ridiculous that I don’t even bother trying to attempt it.
    I didn’t know that, I’ll move him up.
Joker should be in S. He’s killed a god, >!Nonlethally defeated a second (P5R), and presumably did it a 3rd time in strikers (haven’t finished it yet!<
    Another thing is that all the abilities carry over from the SMT series where it is shown that a level 99, when well prepared, can kill YHVH (the god of the Bible and literally the most overpowered video game enemy) as well as put up a decent fight against *literally the concept of the universe existing.* Also, personas can be used in the real world. Persona 1-3 all had it happen and it didn't happen in 4 or 5 because there wasn't a situation in which using them would makes sense, though P5R proved that it is still possible to use personas on the real world.
Sora can summon Genie and essentially cheat with zero effort though lol, he obviously can’t wish that everyone else dies but that’s not in Sora’s character anyway and the cleanest way he’d be able to “deafeat” everyone would be wishing that they all lose their powers or something lol

However the dirtiest way he’d be able to defeat everyone though is, and many people don’t realize this, Sora is a dirty fighter by nature, he can steal the opponent’s attacks and abilities and use them against them exactly like Kirby, but probably with way more ease because he doesn’t have to inhale a dude, plus he taunts a lot in his fighting style, that’s not really a skill its just funny to see a this seemingly good natured kid act like a little asshole lol
Sonic, Sephiroth, Bayo, Shulk, Palutena
    Ain’t no way palu is in the top 5
        Haven't played Kingdom Hearts nor Persona. So idk if Sora or Joker rank higher than her
            I wasn’t talking about them I was just saying palu is kinda weak some of the weaker ones here like gannondorf and mewtwo beat her
    I swear, no one actually knows what the power of the triforce of courage actually does. Its Link 100%
I'd say that the top 5 (note that I haven't played all game series, I'm just going from what I've heard about those I haven't played) is

1-Kirby

2-Bayonetta

3-Sonic

4-Palutena

5-Byleth
    not byleth byleth is powerful but pyra/mythra and especially shulk put them to shame and maybe even kirby
I agree that Kirby takes number 1, but the God slayer logic doesn't read. There's lots of Gods from different lores and they can't all be considered above everything else. I mean, Cloud and Sephiroth are both leagues stronger than the gods (espers) of their universe. We can't consider something as loose as the status of "God" as a shared benchmark of power across all universes.
    One of the gods he took down was void termina, who was the reincarnation of void, who is essentially the creator/main god of the Kirby universe (in a non canon sub game, Kirby took down void itself)
    People use the word god too much when they mean, immortal 

Because God is invulnerable, you just can't kill it, perhaps trap it or some shit, but you can't kill a god
        I think the only god that seemingly is actually immortal and can’t be killed is Solaris and technicalllyy to an extent, Ganon. Solaris had to be attacked by Shadow, Sonic, and Silver all at the same time in the Past, Present, and Future to put him in a supposed coma state, it was never possible to kill him. 

My Zelda knowledge is a bit rusty, but Ganondorf is the reincarnation of Demise which we’re all assuming is a god. Ganondorf can’t be ‘killed’ without like a special weapon like the bow of light or master sword, he remembers his past incarnations from every game and he’s never permanently dead. It’s impossible to fully kill him- he just eventually returns with every new century or so. I think BOTW 2 shows an attempt at trying to stop this by dehydrating and locking him up
To be fair, that minigame wasn't canon.
    Also to be fair, one god he killed was a creator deity, which is a higher-scale god than most of the other gods that the others have killed
        That's a bit unclear. In the Japanese version of Star Allies, Void Termina was stated to be the "progenitor of origination" implying that he is a creator or, at least, predates the world. However, the general director of the game (Kumazaki) claimed that it was uncertain whether Void Termina was a deity in the first place. In-universe, there is no evidence of that, and the creature was only called a god because Hyness assumed he was a deity. He implied that Void, as a cosmic being, was an enigmatic creature whose origins and abilities were shrouded in mystery, so it's difficult to put an exact power level on him.
    But they are canon to his abilities as stated in a miiverse post by Hal
Dark Nebula, Ruler of the Underworld: I will destroy everything

Kirby: Poyo! (Are you the one who stole my strawberry shortcake?)

&#x200B;

Kirby wins
    That’s a mistranslation in the English version.

Original script or not, doesn’t save how bad of a story squeak squad is
        It was amazing, what are you talking about. Kirby goes in full rampage mode because his shortcake disappeared.
            But it also characterizes every character so badly. Every character doesn’t ask anyone what is going on and assumes stuff to just drive the plot along. Instead of Kirby asking Dedede what is up (he has done this before multiple times) he beats him up. Same goes for Meta Knight although he isn’t much better because Meta Knight runs away doesn’t tell kirby the chest contains Dark Nebula in it.
Kirby usually gets some of the abilities that enemies have, but never usually their properties, in the games at least. I’d reckon if Kirby got a hold of Sonic, he’d probably be able to Spin Dash, Homing Attack, etc but not have the benefit of the speed
    Kirby does get enhanced flight abilities after eating a bird or a jet, and the difference between an ability and a property can be kind of vague, so I don't think it's farfetched to say that Kirby might be able to gain Sonic's speed. Regardless, even fighting Sonic without being able to keep up with him, there are a number of things Kirby could do to win, and at the very least he's on another scale of basic power since Sonic games have more general realism to them while everything in Kirby is very over-the-top. Even without access to abilities like Hypernova, Kirby can still crack planets in half or bat away meteors at impossible speeds, or if you don't take minigames as canon, he's stated canonically to have "infinite power", and with how squishy and stretchy he is it's safe to assume basic physical hits don't really do much to him.
Not to mention Kirby has ZA WARUDO (time crash) and  a suck the power of a black hole (hypernova), so there's a very real possibility that Kirby might just get Sonic while the latter is running away.
    But if we count Archie comics then sonic outpaces anything Kirby can do
        The Archie Comics Sonic works on different rules than Game Sonic, which is the one Smash Sonic is based on.
Bayonetta canonically slows down reality to fight. She would smoke sonic
Ness is pretty strong with his psychic powers and 8 Melodies thing, tho defeating Giygas was more a group effort and if you really had to credit one person, it would probably be Paula instead of Ness
I know nothing of Duck Hunt lore but the thought of a laughing hunting dog being canonically in the realm of these gods is funny with no context
    There's a third member of the Duck Hunt team. A "player" that shoots
Sephiroth one shotted galeem. Kirby’s fucked
    *slice*
        Dharkon: Well, I just wanna say that I’m a huge fan
Wasnt it canon that he kills gods on a weekly or monthly basis?
    Basically yeah
Joker saved Christmas by shooting god in the face

Shulk is also elevated to godhood at the climax of Xenoblade 1, and Pythra >!are the same type of being as the one who raised Shulk to godhood!<
    >Joker saved Christmas by shooting god in the face

he also killed another god by shooting it in the nape or something it's been a while since i played Persona 5 Royal
        Yeah, sounds about right

>!RIP Billy Kametz, that fistfight with Maruki wouldn't have hit as hard without his incredible VO work!<
    Hey, that was a false god created by humanity's wish to be controlled, don't get it twisted.
        He still saved Christmas by shooting a god in the face
            Only with the collective willpower of all of Japan (or maybe the world? Definitely at least Shibuya)
                He then shot the same type of god in the face 2 months later this time without the collective willpower in royal. He even did it in strikers
        In SMT, all gods and demons are formed from humanity's subconscious but their powers are still real, so I don't know if the difference between false gods and real gods is as big as you think it is.
            While you are correct in that a "false god" and a "real god" aren't all that different, I feel like you could have made a better comparison than Shin Megami Tensei, the game that Persona is a VERY loose spinoff of. You could have chosen Persona 4, where they face off with a "real god" (technically goddess, but that makes no difference), and it goes through the exact same story beats. Start out in a difficult fight; lead into a "second phase" that's more of a cutscene, where the god then erases the Main Party; through whatever means they see fit; send the main party to the velvet room, where the power of the bonds they've made, un-erasing them; Main Character then uses an absurdly powerful upgrade of their starting persona, which one shots the god. Good point in the comment, but comparison to SMT wasn't all that helpful OR required.
                It still applies. The Persona universe happens in the same timeline as SMT If..., Devil Summoner, and Soul Hackers. In fact, the main character of SMT If... appears in both Persona 1 and the Persona 2 duology. Calling Persona a "very loose" spinoff of SMT isn't exactly accurate, not just in terms of the world but in terms of gameplay. Persona plays the same, just significantly easier and with a dating sim tacked on.
I do think the problem with the “can kill gods” and “is a god” debate is that that doesn’t necessarily determine their power, not all gods in religion or different lores are all powerful, and some are very weak
    Now if Kratos entered smash. 🤔
        Kirby would still beat him by simply eating him
            Just don’t get eaten. So simple. 😂
                Against powerful enemies kirby can also copy powers by swallowing projectiles, so don't use those or get disarmed either
                Even if kratos avoids getting eaten Kirby is still really strong
    True, and I honestly don’t know these games lore as well as I should lol.
Joker has also killed a god!
    He's killed 3 if you count the events of Royal and Strikers as a single canon.
Shulk kills a god and becomes one
I think a case for bayonetta will become stronger over time. She’s only had 2 games and in both of those we haven’t even seen her full potential for story reasons. Voice lines in both games hint at the fact that we haven’t even seen half of her full power yet. I’m excited to have this conversation again after bayonetta 3 comes out >_<
Problem is that gods can vary in how powerful they are. Sure, Palutena is a god but Kirby gods literally 1-up everything she could possibly do. 

Saying they all have equal footing would be inaccurate.
Yeah, that's unfair for Palutena
    I know!
Don’t forget he defeated hades and his 4 titans as well
    Didn't he get on a hydra's back once?
And by going super, it makes Sonic even faster and more powerful than he already is
Yeah, but there is literally nothing terry can do against status effects. He doesn’t have resistance to instant win conditions, and we have no reason to believe he should. Terry is strong, but no chance against any of the rpg characters.
Most of these characters are universal level in power 
Beating The god of war is NOT similar to beating reality warping, universe eating, black hole creating gods
Ok, but half the roster has killed gods. I mean, Joker can use the same type of abilities that were used in SMT 4 to fight the literal concept of the universe on top of killing a God, being able to literally uses Ares (the Greek equivalent to Mars) as a relatively low-level persona.
Poyo
Depends if it's bedrock or java, bedrock void doesn't hurt creative players

Edit: Smash is apparently C++, same language as Bedrock. So yeah void will do nothing to Steve in Creative.
Poyo
I am very interested in this blogpost. Please let me know if you remember where it is.
Ez win actually not many people here are aware of the metaverse
As someone who has 100% on P5, P4, P3, and soon to be P1 (I haven't played P2 yet because I realized I should probably be doing it in order) Joker would obliterate all of them. Personas can be used outside mementos and Joker either hasn't realized it or doesn't want to accidentally murder someone when they bump into him. Also, Joker could just ask Philimon to become more powerful if it came down to it. Joker is op as hell and the fact you can beat both Makoto and Yu in the DLC proves that he is exponentially more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
    Now if a mainline smt protagonist got into smash..
Chaos Elfilis can do that too. And what did Kirby do? Beat them easily.
    Chaos Elfilis can do that too. And what did Kirby do? Your mom. And Magalor and Marx and Void and someone with the power to turn the entire world into paint and someone with the power to turn the entire world into yarn.
Cloud: hold my beer
    Well in his safer form cloud was with 2 other people.
        Yeah, but they didn’t even get a hit off because cloud used Omni-slash and one shotted sephi. Alright, if you max out the party sephi can have 400k hp, making him immune to being one shot by anything less than lucky sevens, but cloud can still easily solo the fight with the right materia setup, and that doesn’t include the other two times cloud killed him.
    Sora: Hold it Yourself
He does all that and *still* loses to Blondie. So how strong is he really
    Cloud plus 2 others during his safer form. The 1v1 happens later after he's been weakened and once again while he's just a shadow of his former self.
Ah so a Kirby Miniboss?
Ok, I've got an even *better* question, who is canonically the weakest character?
    Olimar he is smaller than an ant
        Ok, but according to Pokémon Alpha Saphire's Pokédex entry on Jigglypuff,

>When this Pokémon sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, Jigglypuff cannot breathe, endangering its life. 

So if Jigglpuff fights someone with Insomnia, it will kill itself attempting to sing them to sleep. [(Source)](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-xy/039.shtml)

This sentiment is also mirrored in Pokémon Saphire's Pokédex entry,

>When this POKéMON sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, JIGGLYPUFF cannot breathe, endangering its life. 

[(Source)](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-rs/039.shtml)

While this is contradicted by other entries, stating that

>Nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a JIGGLYPUFF's song. The sound waves of its singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep. 

in Emerald,

>By freely changing the wavelength of its voice, Jigglypuff sings a mysterious melody sure to make any listener sleepy.

in Shield, and

>Looking into its cute, round eyes makes it start singing a song so pleasant listeners can't help but fall asleep.

in Black 2 or White 2. However, we can assume that this doesn't effect creatures that are unable to sleep, or have Insomnia, as seen by the Pokémon ability "Insomnia" which is described in-game as,

>The Pokémon is suffering from insomnia and cannot fall asleep.

Which prevents a Pokémon from falling asleep while they have that ability. Thus concludes my thesis on why Jigglypuff is canonically the weakest character in Smash.
            Well is Pokédex even reliable I mean macargo the pokedex says that it is hotter than the surface of the sun and yet you don't see anything suddenly burst into flames when it is around.
                Obligitory [what happens if you take the pokedex literally](https://youtu.be/zFqZggMcq34) animation
    That might be Olimar. Given that he is only a couple of cm tall, he can't lift things like a battery, I think. Canonically, most Smash Bros characters could defeat him by stepping on him, but I have not played the Pikmin games so I don't really know.
    What about ROB? If we don't count his smash appearances as canonical, he is just a toy.
Dude I know right?! I can't fathom how people go about their days discussing on who's most powerful blah blah on the internet. Honestly beyond me.
    It’s fun debating. Apparently people can’t even do that without others putting themselves on a pedestal and looking down on them.
greatest apologies that a public forum does not meet your standards, your majesty.
Well, new people are consistently joining and there is always debate on this. Even though it's obviously Kirby.
[Oh boy, do I have a subreddit to introduce you to...](https://www.reddit.com/r/whowouldwin/)
I like the bit of 'man who doesn't get what a hypothetical is'
Sephi lost to cloud two and a half times, and sora is on the low end for space time manipulation here. God slaying might not be uncommon among this group, but neither is space and time manipulation, and for the most part, the limits of KH rpg mechanics make it hard for him to beat either Cloud or Joker.
    Cloud had a whole team behind him the first time, and the second time he got a plot power up from the spirit of Zack or whatever that was. Sephiroth was clearly outmatching him before that happened.
        It’s not difficult to solo sephi with cloud, you can actually kill him faster by yourself than with a maxed out party, and if cloud has a half decent materia setup, sephi can’t even deal enough damage to overcome his healing factor. Sephi isn’t a pushover, but the materia system gives cloud enough adaptability to overcome anything sephi could possibly throw at him.
            None of that matters. In canon, Sephiroth was defeated the first time by Cloud and his party, not just by Cloud himself.
A lot of people argue Steve cuz he can alter the codes to his game via creative mode, but it’s hard to quantify that. Know idea if that would only apply to in Minecraft, or if it’s a cannon ability (I’d argue that power levels need to be cannon in debates, such as mewtwo isn’t as weak as they appear in gameplay, cuz the game will even talk about how strong they are. Or like if you were arguing strongest anime characters, deku wouldn’t be movie-deku, since those were said to not be cannon)
Why Ness?
actually it was confirmed by Sega that sonic runs at the speed of light in *base form*, so imagine how op he'd be against them in super/hyper mode
Smash basically gave him the tutorial persona lol
dlc =/= canon tho
Steve can die in creative mode. I’m thinking it’s more if he can use commands or not. Then he can just do the ol’ /kill
one of them is canon
    The other in Ganon
        I’m confused why Ganon is even on the list, he’s gotten his shit wrecked by Link in every game of Zelda I have ever played.
            I’m guessing it’s deciding their power in a vacuum.
                in Kirby then?
            I’m not an expert in Zelda lore but possibly because its always taken two of them to beat him.
                Not really. 

Most of the time it's just link.

Link should be on the list if ganondorf is imo.
                    I think it's because Link only beats Ganondorf with the Master Sword, which is the only thing that can actually kill Ganon. Not to mention that he'll just reincarnate and get you eventually. I think he's up here because he's effectively immortal.

You have to win every time, he only has to win once.
        Maybe it's Maybelline?
    One lost to sentient carrots.
        The other is Palutena
            they've *both* lost to sentient carrots?

glad i've kept my hair short
        You wouldn’t?
    Wait,/Seph actually goes through a full bottle?
With that logic, Steve is an unstoppable force
With that logic, Bayo is equally as powerful.
    reminds me of the "I'm washing me and my clothes" vine
    With that logic incineroar is equally as powerful
    With that logic, she would be the strongest because her whole outfit is made out of her own hair
    BY these standards Bayo is the most powerful
    Her powers are based around her hair.
    She prob has the most hair out of any smash character. Especially if you count a giant demon dragon as hair. Tbh
    not Bayo 2 though
That’s assuming Palutena washes her hair
nah palutena stinks, and pit likes that kinda shit
    Pit is an aptly given nick name.
    Bruh
With that logic, Sonic is more powerful as his entire body contains fur.
Nah bro, she doesn’t wash her hair, that’s why it’s green and stanky
Yea but she’s all legs, she’s gotta use like three bottle to reach her ankles
Christian Kirby
Kirby *is* Almighty God, Byleth is the one with god_and_anime.jpeg
Sothis: So who are you supposed to be

Joker: bruh why you sound like my cat
    Sothis: I don’t care, I’m going to sleep. You do whatever you want.

Joker: We’ll at least you’re not like him at all
    All Sothis has to do to defeat Joker is tell him that its time to go to bed lol
Damn, that was the last episode on last night's JJK binge. So by sheer dumb luck, I understood that reference
    I cant remember the exact quote but I loved the "I told you what would happen if you touched this realm again" line.

Fuck JJK is such a great show
Man I came from r/All and am totally fucking lost in this conversation. 

Like a foreign language.
So that's why MkLeo picked up Byleth, as a counter to Joker
I mean, as far as persona is concerned, defeating a god isn't really the most outrageous thing that you might have to do. Every persona game ends up going down the route of:

First quest: help classmate find misplaced pencil

Final quest: kill god
Finally a reference I get
In creative mode you can still die to void damage, which I would say includes Kirby's stomach.
    you cant anymore
        It looks like you're right.  
You've inspired me to look further into it, and it also appears that even in creative mode, receiving instant damage (or healing) lvl 127+ will kill the player.  
With that said, Steve can absolutely be killed, even in creative mode, as long as the attack is 762x as strong as Steve's punch. Which, in the scale of the characters we're talking here, is not that strong.
            It depends how literally you take Minecraft, I always bring up the old video (I think it was Game Theory) that points out Steve can punch while holding 64 m³ of gold, which is almost 3 million pounds.

Minecraft is kind of messy though, there's a lot of laws of physics suspended for gameplay
                I think in some official Minecraft books it says that they have a pocket dimension where they store their items, although I could be wrong and I’m not sure if the book was canon
                    This would really apply to basically all video games, though.

Except for Death Stranding.
                        What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
                            Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
            The man can atomise stone with his fists in seconds so he's gotta hit pretty hard. But then also he takes a lot of punches just to kill a chicken so I guess not. But maybe Minecraft has super hardy chickens? Who knows.
                Zelda and Link cant even kill chickens in their world. Steve is OP
            Bro, Steve can punch fire out. He can destroy rocks with it. He can fell a tree with his punch.
    Although i believe that kirby could kill steve if he gets him on his mouth, I believe that inhale wouldn’t pull him in since damage and knockbsck arent really a thing in creative 

The only way to kill steve is if the universe decided to kill him in the same vain as a command block which I dont know if any character can do since I dont know the lore of all of them
        Yeah, but creative mode is totally cheating. The game even acknowledges this by disabling achievements whenever you’re in creative or cheats are enabled. Honestly though? I don’t know that it matters. There’s nothing Steve could do to come even close to killing some of these characters. At absolute best he gets a stalemate.
            If he has cheats he can /kill, although he might be able to be killed before he can type the command in by certain characters.
        Endgame Shulk could do it since >!the Monado is basically the universe's computer!<
    Yeah but kirbo can’t break bedrock
If they are then >!sinful shell!<
    That requires very specific circumstances. You would need the whole of at least Japan to be cheering Joker on simultaneously.
    Begone
sephiroth doesn’t control a collective unconscious like izanami nyx or jaldabaoth
    Ok maybe not on the level of the holy grail, though he is a legendary war hero so he is strong in the collective unconscious.
        If anything, his massive ego and (maybe? Never played final fantasy) psychosis would lead to him having his own palace, making joker’s entry slightly harder, but once he’s in all he has to do is track down Sephiroth’s shadow and kill it. Jokers dealt with shadows who think they’re a god before, he should be able to win. Let him use items he’s prepared and it’s an even easier win.
Joker never did anything in Persona 5 alone (besides maybe the (slight spoiler) giant silver bullet) 

He always needed the phantom thieves and the power of friendship to get shit done
It depends on the version of the character. For example, peak sonic could kill peak kirby before they has the chance to see him. But game sonic has nowhere neat the power or speed to kill game kirby, and probably couldnt even outrun kirbys inhale.
    How though?  How do you even kill Kirby?
        As someone who isn’t versed in Kirby and just assumed he was a funny pink plush ball, I’ve started going down the “Kirby lore” rabbit hole and I was reallly not expecting what I’m seeing.
        Idk, but archie sonic can travel twice the speed of light and casually dimension jump. He has ridiculous speed feats. He could probably kill kirby with sheer force. And beating that, he could just run into another dimension and bfr kirby easily.
            See, Kirby can do the same. He’s canonically broken through reality, all of it, just to kill a Madgod who was controlling it all, consumed him so has his power (?). All of it without breaking a sweat.

There is no limit to Kirby, for he is destruction incarnate.

If it exists, Kirby is stronger than it. If it exists paracausally, Kirby is stronger than it
            Kirby has significantly ftl+ speed and perception as well as multiversal striking power, having canonically thrown a meteor 9.5e19m/s
            Kirby had hit a meteor with a baseball bat and sent if flying far far faster than the speed of light
            He’s way more than “double the speed of light”


He’s fast enough to run across his entire universe visiting every planet on the way and still be home in time for dinner, he can manipulate water and throw it to accurately hit a target in 1 picosecond, that’s a number with 11 zeroes after the decimal point in seconds: (0.000000000001 seconds) 


He’s fast enough to cross the multiverse over 1000 times in a single night, of which only a fraction is still 148,000 light years.

He’s also later stated to have incalculable speed.

He destroyed the quantum dial, a device made to create black holes to destroy solar systems. Sonic not only matched the Dial’s speed he moved so fast the hand on the dial started moving *backwards*

 terms of durability he’s an absolute tank. 

He was blasted 849,000 light years from earth when the Quantum Dial exploded from Sonic’s speed, he crash landed on a planet and it was revealed he wasn’t even knocked out, he was taking a Nap the entire time. This is all happening at the same time everyone thinks he’s dead because he vanished.

Sonic also survived a brutal beat down from his own super form which at its peak was able to manipulate reality up to an 11th Dimensional level.


And this is only lightly touching on Archie sonic.
        Use an unblockable attack that takes out 90% of his health after your health is depleted
    Game Sonic does have the power thanks to fighting solaris
        Kirby kills gods like solaris daily.
            Solaris was going to consume all existing timelines. Not a lot of Kirby villains are doing things like that
                But Kirby latest villain was destroying two separate realities
                    What does “reality” mean here? Are these realities universes or multiverses
                        I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
                Doesn’t mean Kirby couldn’t take em
                    Kirby is definitely able to beat Solaris. I’m just saying that game Sonic can hurt and kill Kirby
Fair. In that case it is probably a tie between those two in that scenario, but I never played xc2 so I am not 100% sure.
Not really. Yes, they a part of the Aegis, but not completely. Pneuma is truly the Aegis and she caps out at Planet level. It's because of the difference in XC1's world and XC2's world. An Aegis has the ability to manipulate ether. However, XC1's world is completely made of ether and XC2'S world has large amounts of ether but is not completely made of it. That's why Shulk can recreate a universe, and Pythra can shoot pretty lasers
    So really, it's dependent on where the fight is. If we're on Bionis, Pythra wins. If we're in Alrest, Shulk wins. If we're in Mementos, Joker wins.
        Theoretically, maybe
        The problem is Shulks abilities are also ether manipulation, so he'd also be much weaker on Alrest.
Just from pure feats (ignoring universal creation as shulk didn't really do that, Alvis did) Pythra, more specifically Pneuma, have much more impressive feats of being able to rewrite physical laws on the fly which in at least one cutscene allowed for lights speed or, at the very least, near lights peed combat.
            light peed
    Uh.. Whats Xenoblade about? I've wanted to play them but haven't jumped on it.
        While all the games are connected, they each have their own seperate story and plot lines.

The first one follows Shulk on his quest for revenge against the man eating Mechon. It sounds generic, but it is really good. It's my 5th favorite game of all time and Shulk is my favorite video game character of all time.

The second follows Rex as he travels across Alrest, trying to help a mysterious girl named Pyra get home. Again, it sounds generic, but the Xenoblade games are experts of crazy amazing stories.

I haven't played X so I couldn't tell you what it's about. Either way, I highly recommend the series.
            What X is about?

„It‘s this planet, there‘s something about this planet“
                X is a lot less focused on story than the other two in favour of world exploration and navigation and it leaves me wondering how the heck they managed to put that game on the Wii U. It’s my favourite in the series for its gameplay but if you’re looking for story then while it’s still Xeno series tier it’s not exactly as strong as the other Xenoblade games. That being said, that is also an incredible plot summary.
            Thank you for that. I will most definitely check them out.
Nono, Shulk would be more powerful than the Aegises. >! He's the vessel of/felled Zanza, who is just Claus. !< I'd say that's more powerful than the Aegises in context
    >!Alvis is Ontos, so he's still weaker!<
        Ah, checks out. I wish I could pay attention to the lore more but rn BoC mode is kicking my ass and all I can do is struggle
            It's never explicitly stated, just from context clues like >!Alvis' key becomes a red Aegis core crystal/Trinity Processor core in DE!<
        There is a difference though. In Shulk’s case, him and Alvis are in a universe where Alvis has 100% control. In that case, even if Pneuma could manipulate Reality, it would only be (at absolute maximum power) on Zanza’s scale. Not to mention that there is a range for how much reality manipulation can be done (as Pneuma still needed help destroying the World Tree, and couldn’t just make it disappear. Shulk could just make it disappear without any effort at all).
    But Klaus has no power of his own, its all redirected from the trinity processor, of which the Aegises directly connect to, so by that logic they are obviously more powerful.
    If you want spoiler tags to work remove the spaces between the !s and what you want to spoiler.
Today I learned, that.
Kirby kills a reality warping god at the end of every Kirby game
    so does bayo tbf
        Not as many times to be fair but that just means we need more Bayonetta games!
        Yeah, but she needed serious help both times. Jubileus wasn’t restored to full power and Bayo still needed Jeanne’s help to summon Sheba to deliver the killing blow. Aesir basically had Bayo beat until Loki deleted the Eyes Of The World and then had help from Balder and Jeanne.
Kills gods on the regular with minimal effort, canonically stated to have infinite power, casually planet busting
    Yeah he’s literally punched through a planet
        for sport, may i add
            He hit a world destroying asteroid 9999 Light years away in 25 seconds.With a Bat.

*Smacks the top of kirby*

This pink ball can fit so much power.
                Pink ball: opens mouth

Ị̶̉̓͜n̷̥͐͊t̷̛̤͑̂o̸̥͆̒ ̸̟͉̒t̶̝̙̓̇ͅh̵̢̟̞̔̀̐e̴͔͉͕͑̿̕ ̷̭̝̇̇v̶͔̌̽̍ő̸͚͗i̵̧̯͆ḑ̴̞͋̎ ̶̪͚̋̑w̵̡̎i̵̡͌͝t̵̙̹͒͐̈́h̴̡̨̅ ̸̻͙͔̈́̕͝ÿ̸̤̹̖̐̄ȏ̷͖̤́͜ṷ̶̿
Literally just having a good time and Vibing his way through life while casually beating and consuming actual gods.
    He also swallows the local populace whole and manifests their power or even create zombie puppets out of them to assist him in his "Vibing".
People here, while they did mention Megaton Punch, haven’t yet mentioned yet the one subgame in star allies where you hit an incoming meteor with a baseball bat and send it back the other way at billions times faster than the speed of light while casually destroying multiple planets along the way.
Kirby is essentially an Eldritch abomination that didn’t really care about his intended purpose, ie consuming everything in the universe. He really only cares about his home planet and his friends, but regularly gets into fights with other universe level threats
    I was going to make a play on One Punch Man but "One Suck Puffball" is just... uhhh...
Canonically Kirby has infinite power and he defeated Magolor wielding the Master Crown, a reality warping mage who also had infinite power
OK so basically there's this primordial thing called void and it's exactly what it sounds like

Kirby as well some antagonists are born from this void termina and are all *very strong* and when I say that keep in mind bandana wadledee can punch with 150 mega tons and he's one of the grunt enemies

Kirby has regularly fought and won against other void spawn and Kirby isn't even an adult yet
Everything else listed, and his stomach is basically its own pocket dimension
Joker isn't inherently more powerful in the metaverse than anyone else, he's just a wild card. If, say, Kirby found and killed your shadow, you'd be just as dead as if Joker did it.
Not necessarily. His powers rely on human cognition, which means he’d only win if you can convince everyone else that he’d be able to beat all these characters, not to mention that most of these guys could easily wipe out all of humanity to cripple joker, and I highly doubt a few of these have palaces.
    He doesn't need to convince everyone that he would win, his *own willpower* also counts. He would never have beaten Shido if that were not the case.
    They don’t need palaces to be killed. >!The black mask killer targeted multiple people by finding them in mementos, it was just the 5th palace ruler’s murder that we actually saw!<
Don't forget Sora's most effective power of all: the power to turn into a boat.
    How can i forget freaking BOAT 

OH WAIT YEAH Sora can also sail a pirate ship Sora’s hands down the strongest character in Smash, no one can beat him if he sails away and just shoots from a distance literally what is Kirby going to do he has to copy god powers to beat Sora but all he gets are cannon balls to the face-body and Sora is already sailing far away from him taking shots from a distance

Joker can’t hit him with any persona skills because Sora sailed too far and he’s still taking potshots from his boat

Sephiroth can’t even destroy the planet to kill Sora because Sora travels worlds and will sail away into another world’s ocean and take potshots at Sephy from there there is literally nothing he can do to kill Sora

Shulk can become the universe but Sora literally traverses multiverses and his boat doesn’t run out of ammo he can just keep shooting at Shulk from a different universe while sailing away

Sonic can’t swim so he’s already out of the question Sora is surrounded by water and he’s still sailing away and no one can stop him from taking potshots
        Eh....I agree with everything but Kirby, he baseball batted a comet by swinging it at double light speed or something like that, I think he could hit Sara's boat. 

Other than the absolute obserdity of Kirby, I would agree with you though.

Can sonic canonical run on water? I never really played sonic games to be honest.
            Thats impossible Kirby can’t reach Sora when he’s sailing away

Also his ship apparently has barrier anyway it’s actually kinda hilarious how beefy his boat is naturally lol
Fair. I am not hugely familiar with kingdom hearts
You talking about the reality warping aspects, or the go into people’s hearts and take them out aspects? Bc Joker can do both, mementos travel is pretty much instant. I don’t know too too much abt KH, does the stuff Sora’s able to pull w/PoW compare to that?
    >You talking about the reality warping aspects, or the go into people’s hearts and take them oit aspects? Bc Joker can do both

Sora can do both of those himself, he has the ability to manipulate the laws of worlds and can warp reality, as for diving into hearts the Power of Waking allows Sora to directly dive into a Persons heart or a Worlds heart, theoretically he could destroy/harm/damage both using this ability. The Power of Waking also allows him to reset the multiversal timeline via creating a singularity by Time Travel and can bring the dead back to life (though that's an incorrect use of using the abiltiy) since its main function is to both travel (creating portals) and repair a sleeping heart back to the way it was normally.

Joker as far as I know would have to search out a person's Shadow in Mementos and it's doubtful Sora would even have a Shadow because he's not from Jokers world it's established in KH that if you aren't from a world, certain aspects of that Worlds Order wouldn't apply to you since you aren't native to it. This includes curses by gods.
        He wouldn’t have to take out Sora’s shadow in a fight, that’d just be how he’d change his heart/kill him w/o him knowing. I think this is more of a 1on1, where he’d just bring Sora into Mementos w/him. Even if he did try to take him out through his heart, Sora’d probably just be resistant to it PoW or not. He’s been fighting people inside his own heart since Roxas. Sora couldn’t go back and kill Joker either bc it’d just kill himself >!or send Sora to Quadratum?!<. Seems to me Power of waking just puts them on similar level, basically making them immune to the other’s Insta-win button. If you’re unfamiliar, having a persona makes your heart immune to being tampered with.
        All true, you don't really think about how nonsense but op sora powers are outside of kh context. It's like Kirby probably being one of the top contenders here but it's not like he's vibing like a killing machine, sora and kirby are just op from their cartoony worlds with nutty powers that they need to fight their op villains
What does that power do
    Gatlings the opponent with plot holes.
        You know the amount of actual Plot Holes in KH is actually really low. Retcons on the other hand are a plenty.
            "Plot holes are inconsistencies or gaps in the storyline or character development. They are formed when a narrative stops following its own logic."

I'm just gonna leave this here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/eyipym/anyone_know_some_kingdom_hearts_plot_holes/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
                I know what a plot hole is and I've already seen that page which people in it have already answered in the thread. [And a lot of people agree that the series has a low amount of lore contradicting plot holes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/p4ksrj/does_the_kh_series_have_any_genuine_plotholes/) Most of the "plot holes" featured in that thread already have answers that can be found in the game

some plot holes that are likely to be retcon

•Xehanort age from KH DDD to KH3 (we don't know if Dark Road will Retcon this since it's not done yet.)

•Where did Riku get >!Kairi's Keyblade?!< Nomura just recently said [he was going to explain this so once again a retcon.](https://www.kh13.com/news/update-kingdom-hearts-20th-anniversary-qa-responses-missing-link-information-r3653/)

•Nameless Star knowing Sora's name. It's likely she's an oracle like the original Stella from FF vs XIII was, another retcon.

*Blank Points Aqua and her memory issues. The Realm of Darkness makes you forget your memories, this is not even a retcon it's established back in KH1 and KH2.
He could. Good job this entire roster is made up of gods and god killers then, isnt it?
    Well yeah but if steve doesn't have a health bar he cannot be killed, now can he?
        He can still be killed by /kill, the void or even a splash potion with modified nbt. He is far from immortal in creative mode.
            So then it depends on world logic. If we’re in the Minecraft world can anybody use commands or only Steve? Or if Steve goes into another characters universe can he still use commands?
    Well yeah but if steve doesn't have a health bar he cannot be killed, now can he?
And then Sora can summon Genie and wish away Kirby’s ability to inhale lol
    Kirby inhales genie
Twice as fast as the speed of light, dimension hopping at will, and whatever reality warping bullshit the chaos force allows for.
In the ARCHIE COMICS?! I must’ve missed that one haha
    Archie Comics the company did runs of Sonic, Megaman, and Sonic & Megaman. 

They’re not characters in Archie the comic though.
        Oooh. That makes more sense. I thought Sonic opened a wormhole to Riverdale and murdered the gang
            That'd be pretty awesome, too.
If Super requires the Chaos Emeralds, how does he go into the other ones?
If a Wish.com Dr. Strange fought a geeked out Sonic
Wtf is this?
    Sonic traveling through multiverses in Base Form
The only reason why I wouldn't say Steve is because then you'd also be giving admin powers to Zombie and Enderman, and because, let's be real, it's not Steve executing these commands, it's the player.
Idk if console commands should apply to anyone lol. If that’s the case than any game character that has a command console can just enter god mode and turn on noclip.
    yeah i meant it more as a joke, but creative mode itself is a part of the game so would that count?
        Yah, you can't load sonic in god mode, but Steve can. In this mode he can create and end all life as well as build his own universe. 

But yah, silly question for the memes
            You can actually totally load Sonic in God mode, in Sonic 3 and Sonic and knuckles if you grab onto a Vine and input a specific sequence of directions you turn on debug mode. Allowing you to place any enemy Sprite or stage object at will, including boxes that automatically turn you into the strongest form of Sonic presently unlocked.
    Honestly, Kirby has dealt with meta threats before. He's just going to somehow eat the command console and then go for a nice little walk to get some snacks.
Steve doesn’t use console commands, the player does.
the Kill commands wouldn't get R.O.B. because he's a robot
Just make the command block a Chain command block

Edit: Thanks to u/TommDX I acknowledged that it is a repeat command block not a chain command block
    Steve has the power of blockchains and i dont think any of these people can deal with someone who's invulnerable to any kind of dmg, even the void. 

Plus he has a pocket dimension of every conceivable material and species in minecraft, not even including commands that let him control weather, time, space, and manipulating the properties of any item/block. 

Closest would be Kirby but i think creative mode Steve is just broken.
        No no, you can’t claim Steve has access to commands or command blacks. The Minecraft menu literally calls them cheats and disables achievements when you use them. Do you really want to start a debate about debug menus and cheat codes? Because I’m sure there’s at least a few characters who’d benefit from a debug menu or two.
            I would have to check bedrock edition, but java edition has never disabled the ability to earn achievements or advancements if you have cheats enabled.
            How about raw strength?  Based on crafting recipes and inventory size, Steve is capable of lifting [over 355 million kilograms.](https://ideas.fandom.com/wiki/How_strong_is_Steve%3F)  While sprinting.
                They actually explained that the inventory is a pocket dimension, so it’s actually no weight at all, not to mention lifting strength doesn’t correlate to attacking strength, he still does half a heart with a punch.
                    Then he can still punch a 1-metel cube of steel into nothing in less than 30 seconds.  Assuming he merely vaporizes it and doesn't actually atomize it, that means he's generating 489,260,978 kilo-joules of energy.  With his fists.  In 25 seconds.

Because his punches only do half a heart of damage to other players of equal power, we can extrapolate that Steve is almost indestructible.
        The things you say are true and a good point, but I will continue to believe in Poyo-supremacy
Cloud has now killed the god of fate and technically has defeated Sephiroth multiple times so there is that.
He’s killed 2 gods
    Three if you count Yaldobath, Adam Kadmon and Demiurge
        I wouldn’t consider Kadmon a god, it’s just an extremely powerful persona.
            I feel that those can overlap tho? Like a being can be a god and a persona, Adam Kadmon had the powers of a god and even inherited the powers of yaldaboth, he even had agency outside of Maruki’s control, I think gods can be personas and personas can be gods or god like beings, like satannael or in this case Adam Kadmon/Azathoth
Who can say? It's just kinda funny to think that this square-looking dude with no expression is the most-powerful character in Smash (even if it's not really the case, my comment was mostly just a joke anyway).

I suppose the closest thing we have to a Minecraft "canon" would be those animated trailers Mojang drops whenever a new update releases. Steve and Alex have never actually been shown using Creative Mode or commands in those before, but they have died plenty of times and respawned, specifically in the trailer for The Nether Update. So if we take those trailers as "canon", then Steve and Alex can canonically respawn after death and don't stay dead.
    Yeah I suppose those trailers can be considered canon. 

>	even if it’s not really the case, my comment was mostly just a joke anyway).k

Yeah I know haha. I was being nit-picky tbh
    If we take the animations as cannon, mods become cannon, and i know for sure not a single one of these characters has the mental fortitude to play any gregtech pack to completion except for Steve.
creative mode is a legitimate gamemode, so that nuances things. you can generate a new save in creative mode. playing in creative is just as canon as survival or hardcore. commands on the other hand.... i agree that they don't count. a lot of games have console commands, and they aren't canon.

Then again, what is canon minecraft lol.
    Yeah it’s a gray area. It’s a sandbox game so does it even have a canon? Or is anything and everything you can do in the game canon? I guess it’s up to each person on how they define “canon”.
    canon minecraft is gregtech
    The only things I would consider canon are things you have to do to beat the game, like travel to the Nether, travel to the End, and defeating the Ender Dragon
There’s also the command block. Although vanilla Minecraft requires creative to access it, it somehow was used in Story Mode and lead to the creation of the Wither Storm
You can set creative mode as the default when creating a new world. It's not just activated through cheats.
To be fair, even without creative mode, Steve can technically carry billions of kg of gold blocks in his inventory.
Blocky Cloud skin.
I can't say *exactly* what it is for spoiler reasons, but to describe it, it's what happens when Lyn from Fire Emblem and Hatsune Miku do a Dragon Ball Fusion, and are given god powers and the ability to do whatever the f\*ck she wants.
Xenoblade fans are very serious about spoilers, "Coffee with Milk" is a nickname given to a character who's entire presence is a massive spoiler.
It’s when pyra and mythra combine to become pnuema and for some reason ppl who play xenoblade are afraid to talk about it even though most smash ppl don’t care or don’t play it
    Yep, it's the weirdest thing. I've never seen a franchise fan base more terrified of spoilers than Xenoblade. They try to obfuscate the most mundane stuff
        Next they’ll inform you that shulk’s final smash has a spoiler but won’t tell you what it is (they’re afraid you won’t play the game )
I don't think it's much of a spoiler at this point since the game's been out for like 5 years and there's a spirit of the character in Smash. But Coffee with Milk is how Rex naively describes Pyra and Mythra's true form which is also a lot stronger than the other two forms.
Head on down to Rhode Island and get yourself some, it's delicious!
(I don't really know anything about KH, so I'm unfamiliar with Sora's power, but I've heard it's like multiversal or something?)
>Runner up is Sonic

Ironic...

Not Bayonetta. She’s powerful, but on her several occasions fighting actual gods, she needed help to finish off the first one and help to weaken the second one enough to finish him off.
I don’t know that I’d say sora canonical defeats canonical sephi. We really don’t have any good reason to believe KH sephi was even close to as power as he is in ff7, most of the characters in KH aren’t the same as their original counterparts. Honestly, I don’t think sora stands a chance. He’s got his power scaling and immunity to instant win conditions, but he’s way to slow to hit sonic, and he definitely can’t out dps cloud and joker with healing builds. It doesn’t help that joker theoretically can’t be defeated as long as people believe he has, making it a necessity for Sora to destroy the world to even have a shot.
Aw, aren’t you just the cutest little extinction event
    The TV-YA version of Gluttony’s stomach.
    Poyo!
    Lets also remember that kirby is a baby and has killed gods and planet destroyers. A full grown kirby would be over powered
What are you talking about? I watched a very real Sonic V-tuber play Sonic video games.
Duck Hunt player on their way to find Rob
my mii made an appearance in Wii sports. that doesnt mean im a video game character
    But the Mii isn’t you, it’s just modeled after you. A ditto transformed into a Charmander isn’t a Charmander, it’s just modeled after one
        Exactly. The ROB that’s featured in games is just modeled after the real one
I agree with you on all those points except for the fact that she did it twice, not once it was just before the story (or it was her mother I could be stupid)
The character is called rosalina and luma
    Nuh uh its floating peach and her little star guy.
        Princess Apple and Invincibility Star
            Princess Toadstar and Shrooma
    Actually it's Rosalina's monster.
Okay, but you say that like Bowser’s some weak ass.

Being beaten by Bowser ain’t no laughing matter, considering he could kick the asses of nearly everyone on the list above
I don't think the game ever explains how Bowser steals the Grand Stars from Rosalina. I never remember it mentioning a battle of any kind with Bowser vs Rosalina. He could have distracted her or something.

I only played Super Mario Galaxy and not the sequel.
It’s not necessarily the resetting of the universe that would be most beneficial to her in this competition, but it seems she can *survive* the destruction of the universe which is important. And she seems to be able to let whatever she wants survive the destruction of the universe too

She also never necessarily lost to bowser, we don’t know how he stole her stars
All he must do is utter one of the forbidden incantations to delete the universe or become a god

/gamemode c

/kill @e
    Steve doesn’t do that. The player does using console commands. I can’t think of any other game where people think console commands are part of a character’s canonical abilities.
    True, also carries limitless amounts of even the heaviest of items. Probably has more lifting strength than Kirby, but Kirby still wins.
        The books written by Mojang though stated that the inventory is a pocket dimension though and the physics of the Minecraft world are completely different then ours which makes answering this question complicated.
            Hmm... So is Steve not actually carrying the stuff? This does make it complicated indeed.
                Even if he was, his lifting strength is completely irrelevant. Punching someone with a Sbox full of garbage does less damage then poking them with a spade.
        Kirby can send a meteor 9999 light years in 25 seconds using a baseball bat
        I feel like its a stalemate

Kirby could absolutely kill steve but steve can do the same to kirby, it would depend on who striked first
            I feel like Steve's striking power isn't that impressive, even with Netherite tools. Kirby can tank basically anything, Steve can get killed by spitting alpacas.
                I feel like breaking stone 1m^3 with only fists says a lot about his striking power
                    Doesn't it take a while for him to break 1 m³ of Stone though?
    To be fair, even with creative gamemode Steve is still killable and has never been proven to have control over something not belonging to Minecraft, so it's still not as op as it looks like
    Guess he's lucky the Dovahkiin and none of the Valve characters got in because you can do the same thing in their games
His theoretical strength is high enough that he could carry the weight of a black hole, but his gameplay otherwise doesn't support this. Its more he has an ability to alter the properties of objects to make them weightless rather than the strength to carry anything
    Kirby punches planets to break them in half in his gameplay what are talking about. Kirby is a planet buster without anything other than the strength of his punch. Not even Goku or Superman can destroy planets with just raw kinetic force of punching. Also Kirby’s Star travels FASTER THAN TIME. Literally he used the warp star to travel to the future after the calamity. 

So you tell me if Kirby is the strongest smash character. By far strongest on the roster, faster than 99% of the roster, **AND THATS WITHOUT COPYING ANY POWERS.**

Not to mention he’s a baby. Imagine the universe destroying power of a full grown Kirby.
        Kirby destroys a moon not planet in one of his minigames, though still quite impressive.

Goku and superman both far exceed the strength required to do this

Kirbys star is not his own power

But thats being said, Kirby is still a very formidable individual with a lot of feats of strength and skill
Considering that she >!resets the universe!< in her mainline games I think she deserves to be up there.
True, but Byleth wasn’t listed above.
    I believe they were asking who in smash was the most powerful, and the list was just the op's opinion.
Unfortunately, Byleth just gets infinite tries to fail an impossible task. He is shown to be rather limited in terms of rewinding time and has failed to change events such as someone getting assassinated in front of them. It ensures that if Byleth can beat something, they likely will, but there is no circumstance in which Byleth will win against the likes of characters with great speed or durability. Maybe the relics can overcome Ganondorf like the master sword? Otherwise, many of these characters just seem out of reach.
I didn’t know that, I’ll move him up.
Another thing is that all the abilities carry over from the SMT series where it is shown that a level 99, when well prepared, can kill YHVH (the god of the Bible and literally the most overpowered video game enemy) as well as put up a decent fight against *literally the concept of the universe existing.* Also, personas can be used in the real world. Persona 1-3 all had it happen and it didn't happen in 4 or 5 because there wasn't a situation in which using them would makes sense, though P5R proved that it is still possible to use personas on the real world.
Ain’t no way palu is in the top 5
    Haven't played Kingdom Hearts nor Persona. So idk if Sora or Joker rank higher than her
        I wasn’t talking about them I was just saying palu is kinda weak some of the weaker ones here like gannondorf and mewtwo beat her
I swear, no one actually knows what the power of the triforce of courage actually does. Its Link 100%
not byleth byleth is powerful but pyra/mythra and especially shulk put them to shame and maybe even kirby
One of the gods he took down was void termina, who was the reincarnation of void, who is essentially the creator/main god of the Kirby universe (in a non canon sub game, Kirby took down void itself)
People use the word god too much when they mean, immortal 

Because God is invulnerable, you just can't kill it, perhaps trap it or some shit, but you can't kill a god
    I think the only god that seemingly is actually immortal and can’t be killed is Solaris and technicalllyy to an extent, Ganon. Solaris had to be attacked by Shadow, Sonic, and Silver all at the same time in the Past, Present, and Future to put him in a supposed coma state, it was never possible to kill him. 

My Zelda knowledge is a bit rusty, but Ganondorf is the reincarnation of Demise which we’re all assuming is a god. Ganondorf can’t be ‘killed’ without like a special weapon like the bow of light or master sword, he remembers his past incarnations from every game and he’s never permanently dead. It’s impossible to fully kill him- he just eventually returns with every new century or so. I think BOTW 2 shows an attempt at trying to stop this by dehydrating and locking him up
Also to be fair, one god he killed was a creator deity, which is a higher-scale god than most of the other gods that the others have killed
    That's a bit unclear. In the Japanese version of Star Allies, Void Termina was stated to be the "progenitor of origination" implying that he is a creator or, at least, predates the world. However, the general director of the game (Kumazaki) claimed that it was uncertain whether Void Termina was a deity in the first place. In-universe, there is no evidence of that, and the creature was only called a god because Hyness assumed he was a deity. He implied that Void, as a cosmic being, was an enigmatic creature whose origins and abilities were shrouded in mystery, so it's difficult to put an exact power level on him.
But they are canon to his abilities as stated in a miiverse post by Hal
That’s a mistranslation in the English version.

Original script or not, doesn’t save how bad of a story squeak squad is
    It was amazing, what are you talking about. Kirby goes in full rampage mode because his shortcake disappeared.
        But it also characterizes every character so badly. Every character doesn’t ask anyone what is going on and assumes stuff to just drive the plot along. Instead of Kirby asking Dedede what is up (he has done this before multiple times) he beats him up. Same goes for Meta Knight although he isn’t much better because Meta Knight runs away doesn’t tell kirby the chest contains Dark Nebula in it.
Kirby does get enhanced flight abilities after eating a bird or a jet, and the difference between an ability and a property can be kind of vague, so I don't think it's farfetched to say that Kirby might be able to gain Sonic's speed. Regardless, even fighting Sonic without being able to keep up with him, there are a number of things Kirby could do to win, and at the very least he's on another scale of basic power since Sonic games have more general realism to them while everything in Kirby is very over-the-top. Even without access to abilities like Hypernova, Kirby can still crack planets in half or bat away meteors at impossible speeds, or if you don't take minigames as canon, he's stated canonically to have "infinite power", and with how squishy and stretchy he is it's safe to assume basic physical hits don't really do much to him.
But if we count Archie comics then sonic outpaces anything Kirby can do
    The Archie Comics Sonic works on different rules than Game Sonic, which is the one Smash Sonic is based on.
There's a third member of the Duck Hunt team. A "player" that shoots
*slice*
    Dharkon: Well, I just wanna say that I’m a huge fan
Basically yeah
>Joker saved Christmas by shooting god in the face

he also killed another god by shooting it in the nape or something it's been a while since i played Persona 5 Royal
    Yeah, sounds about right

>!RIP Billy Kametz, that fistfight with Maruki wouldn't have hit as hard without his incredible VO work!<
Hey, that was a false god created by humanity's wish to be controlled, don't get it twisted.
    He still saved Christmas by shooting a god in the face
        Only with the collective willpower of all of Japan (or maybe the world? Definitely at least Shibuya)
            He then shot the same type of god in the face 2 months later this time without the collective willpower in royal. He even did it in strikers
    In SMT, all gods and demons are formed from humanity's subconscious but their powers are still real, so I don't know if the difference between false gods and real gods is as big as you think it is.
        While you are correct in that a "false god" and a "real god" aren't all that different, I feel like you could have made a better comparison than Shin Megami Tensei, the game that Persona is a VERY loose spinoff of. You could have chosen Persona 4, where they face off with a "real god" (technically goddess, but that makes no difference), and it goes through the exact same story beats. Start out in a difficult fight; lead into a "second phase" that's more of a cutscene, where the god then erases the Main Party; through whatever means they see fit; send the main party to the velvet room, where the power of the bonds they've made, un-erasing them; Main Character then uses an absurdly powerful upgrade of their starting persona, which one shots the god. Good point in the comment, but comparison to SMT wasn't all that helpful OR required.
            It still applies. The Persona universe happens in the same timeline as SMT If..., Devil Summoner, and Soul Hackers. In fact, the main character of SMT If... appears in both Persona 1 and the Persona 2 duology. Calling Persona a "very loose" spinoff of SMT isn't exactly accurate, not just in terms of the world but in terms of gameplay. Persona plays the same, just significantly easier and with a dating sim tacked on.
Now if Kratos entered smash. 🤔
    Kirby would still beat him by simply eating him
        Just don’t get eaten. So simple. 😂
            Against powerful enemies kirby can also copy powers by swallowing projectiles, so don't use those or get disarmed either
            Even if kratos avoids getting eaten Kirby is still really strong
True, and I honestly don’t know these games lore as well as I should lol.
He's killed 3 if you count the events of Royal and Strikers as a single canon.
I know!
Didn't he get on a hydra's back once?
Now if a mainline smt protagonist got into smash..
Chaos Elfilis can do that too. And what did Kirby do? Your mom. And Magalor and Marx and Void and someone with the power to turn the entire world into paint and someone with the power to turn the entire world into yarn.
Well in his safer form cloud was with 2 other people.
    Yeah, but they didn’t even get a hit off because cloud used Omni-slash and one shotted sephi. Alright, if you max out the party sephi can have 400k hp, making him immune to being one shot by anything less than lucky sevens, but cloud can still easily solo the fight with the right materia setup, and that doesn’t include the other two times cloud killed him.
Sora: Hold it Yourself
Cloud plus 2 others during his safer form. The 1v1 happens later after he's been weakened and once again while he's just a shadow of his former self.
Olimar he is smaller than an ant
    Ok, but according to Pokémon Alpha Saphire's Pokédex entry on Jigglypuff,

>When this Pokémon sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, Jigglypuff cannot breathe, endangering its life. 

So if Jigglpuff fights someone with Insomnia, it will kill itself attempting to sing them to sleep. [(Source)](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-xy/039.shtml)

This sentiment is also mirrored in Pokémon Saphire's Pokédex entry,

>When this POKéMON sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, JIGGLYPUFF cannot breathe, endangering its life. 

[(Source)](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-rs/039.shtml)

While this is contradicted by other entries, stating that

>Nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a JIGGLYPUFF's song. The sound waves of its singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep. 

in Emerald,

>By freely changing the wavelength of its voice, Jigglypuff sings a mysterious melody sure to make any listener sleepy.

in Shield, and

>Looking into its cute, round eyes makes it start singing a song so pleasant listeners can't help but fall asleep.

in Black 2 or White 2. However, we can assume that this doesn't effect creatures that are unable to sleep, or have Insomnia, as seen by the Pokémon ability "Insomnia" which is described in-game as,

>The Pokémon is suffering from insomnia and cannot fall asleep.

Which prevents a Pokémon from falling asleep while they have that ability. Thus concludes my thesis on why Jigglypuff is canonically the weakest character in Smash.
        Well is Pokédex even reliable I mean macargo the pokedex says that it is hotter than the surface of the sun and yet you don't see anything suddenly burst into flames when it is around.
            Obligitory [what happens if you take the pokedex literally](https://youtu.be/zFqZggMcq34) animation
That might be Olimar. Given that he is only a couple of cm tall, he can't lift things like a battery, I think. Canonically, most Smash Bros characters could defeat him by stepping on him, but I have not played the Pikmin games so I don't really know.
What about ROB? If we don't count his smash appearances as canonical, he is just a toy.
It’s fun debating. Apparently people can’t even do that without others putting themselves on a pedestal and looking down on them.
Cloud had a whole team behind him the first time, and the second time he got a plot power up from the spirit of Zack or whatever that was. Sephiroth was clearly outmatching him before that happened.
    It’s not difficult to solo sephi with cloud, you can actually kill him faster by yourself than with a maxed out party, and if cloud has a half decent materia setup, sephi can’t even deal enough damage to overcome his healing factor. Sephi isn’t a pushover, but the materia system gives cloud enough adaptability to overcome anything sephi could possibly throw at him.
        None of that matters. In canon, Sephiroth was defeated the first time by Cloud and his party, not just by Cloud himself.
The other in Ganon
    I’m confused why Ganon is even on the list, he’s gotten his shit wrecked by Link in every game of Zelda I have ever played.
        I’m guessing it’s deciding their power in a vacuum.
            in Kirby then?
        I’m not an expert in Zelda lore but possibly because its always taken two of them to beat him.
            Not really. 

Most of the time it's just link.

Link should be on the list if ganondorf is imo.
                I think it's because Link only beats Ganondorf with the Master Sword, which is the only thing that can actually kill Ganon. Not to mention that he'll just reincarnate and get you eventually. I think he's up here because he's effectively immortal.

You have to win every time, he only has to win once.
    Maybe it's Maybelline?
One lost to sentient carrots.
    The other is Palutena
        they've *both* lost to sentient carrots?

glad i've kept my hair short
    You wouldn’t?
Wait,/Seph actually goes through a full bottle?
reminds me of the "I'm washing me and my clothes" vine
With that logic incineroar is equally as powerful
With that logic, she would be the strongest because her whole outfit is made out of her own hair
BY these standards Bayo is the most powerful
Her powers are based around her hair.
She prob has the most hair out of any smash character. Especially if you count a giant demon dragon as hair. Tbh
not Bayo 2 though
Pit is an aptly given nick name.
Bruh
Sothis: I don’t care, I’m going to sleep. You do whatever you want.

Joker: We’ll at least you’re not like him at all
All Sothis has to do to defeat Joker is tell him that its time to go to bed lol
I cant remember the exact quote but I loved the "I told you what would happen if you touched this realm again" line.

Fuck JJK is such a great show
you cant anymore
    It looks like you're right.  
You've inspired me to look further into it, and it also appears that even in creative mode, receiving instant damage (or healing) lvl 127+ will kill the player.  
With that said, Steve can absolutely be killed, even in creative mode, as long as the attack is 762x as strong as Steve's punch. Which, in the scale of the characters we're talking here, is not that strong.
        It depends how literally you take Minecraft, I always bring up the old video (I think it was Game Theory) that points out Steve can punch while holding 64 m³ of gold, which is almost 3 million pounds.

Minecraft is kind of messy though, there's a lot of laws of physics suspended for gameplay
            I think in some official Minecraft books it says that they have a pocket dimension where they store their items, although I could be wrong and I’m not sure if the book was canon
                This would really apply to basically all video games, though.

Except for Death Stranding.
                    What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
                        Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
        The man can atomise stone with his fists in seconds so he's gotta hit pretty hard. But then also he takes a lot of punches just to kill a chicken so I guess not. But maybe Minecraft has super hardy chickens? Who knows.
            Zelda and Link cant even kill chickens in their world. Steve is OP
        Bro, Steve can punch fire out. He can destroy rocks with it. He can fell a tree with his punch.
Although i believe that kirby could kill steve if he gets him on his mouth, I believe that inhale wouldn’t pull him in since damage and knockbsck arent really a thing in creative 

The only way to kill steve is if the universe decided to kill him in the same vain as a command block which I dont know if any character can do since I dont know the lore of all of them
    Yeah, but creative mode is totally cheating. The game even acknowledges this by disabling achievements whenever you’re in creative or cheats are enabled. Honestly though? I don’t know that it matters. There’s nothing Steve could do to come even close to killing some of these characters. At absolute best he gets a stalemate.
        If he has cheats he can /kill, although he might be able to be killed before he can type the command in by certain characters.
    Endgame Shulk could do it since >!the Monado is basically the universe's computer!<
Yeah but kirbo can’t break bedrock
That requires very specific circumstances. You would need the whole of at least Japan to be cheering Joker on simultaneously.
Begone
Ok maybe not on the level of the holy grail, though he is a legendary war hero so he is strong in the collective unconscious.
    If anything, his massive ego and (maybe? Never played final fantasy) psychosis would lead to him having his own palace, making joker’s entry slightly harder, but once he’s in all he has to do is track down Sephiroth’s shadow and kill it. Jokers dealt with shadows who think they’re a god before, he should be able to win. Let him use items he’s prepared and it’s an even easier win.
How though?  How do you even kill Kirby?
    As someone who isn’t versed in Kirby and just assumed he was a funny pink plush ball, I’ve started going down the “Kirby lore” rabbit hole and I was reallly not expecting what I’m seeing.
    Idk, but archie sonic can travel twice the speed of light and casually dimension jump. He has ridiculous speed feats. He could probably kill kirby with sheer force. And beating that, he could just run into another dimension and bfr kirby easily.
        See, Kirby can do the same. He’s canonically broken through reality, all of it, just to kill a Madgod who was controlling it all, consumed him so has his power (?). All of it without breaking a sweat.

There is no limit to Kirby, for he is destruction incarnate.

If it exists, Kirby is stronger than it. If it exists paracausally, Kirby is stronger than it
        Kirby has significantly ftl+ speed and perception as well as multiversal striking power, having canonically thrown a meteor 9.5e19m/s
        Kirby had hit a meteor with a baseball bat and sent if flying far far faster than the speed of light
        He’s way more than “double the speed of light”


He’s fast enough to run across his entire universe visiting every planet on the way and still be home in time for dinner, he can manipulate water and throw it to accurately hit a target in 1 picosecond, that’s a number with 11 zeroes after the decimal point in seconds: (0.000000000001 seconds) 


He’s fast enough to cross the multiverse over 1000 times in a single night, of which only a fraction is still 148,000 light years.

He’s also later stated to have incalculable speed.

He destroyed the quantum dial, a device made to create black holes to destroy solar systems. Sonic not only matched the Dial’s speed he moved so fast the hand on the dial started moving *backwards*

 terms of durability he’s an absolute tank. 

He was blasted 849,000 light years from earth when the Quantum Dial exploded from Sonic’s speed, he crash landed on a planet and it was revealed he wasn’t even knocked out, he was taking a Nap the entire time. This is all happening at the same time everyone thinks he’s dead because he vanished.

Sonic also survived a brutal beat down from his own super form which at its peak was able to manipulate reality up to an 11th Dimensional level.


And this is only lightly touching on Archie sonic.
    Use an unblockable attack that takes out 90% of his health after your health is depleted
Game Sonic does have the power thanks to fighting solaris
    Kirby kills gods like solaris daily.
        Solaris was going to consume all existing timelines. Not a lot of Kirby villains are doing things like that
            But Kirby latest villain was destroying two separate realities
                What does “reality” mean here? Are these realities universes or multiverses
                    I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
            Doesn’t mean Kirby couldn’t take em
                Kirby is definitely able to beat Solaris. I’m just saying that game Sonic can hurt and kill Kirby
So really, it's dependent on where the fight is. If we're on Bionis, Pythra wins. If we're in Alrest, Shulk wins. If we're in Mementos, Joker wins.
    Theoretically, maybe
    The problem is Shulks abilities are also ether manipulation, so he'd also be much weaker on Alrest.
Just from pure feats (ignoring universal creation as shulk didn't really do that, Alvis did) Pythra, more specifically Pneuma, have much more impressive feats of being able to rewrite physical laws on the fly which in at least one cutscene allowed for lights speed or, at the very least, near lights peed combat.
        light peed
Uh.. Whats Xenoblade about? I've wanted to play them but haven't jumped on it.
    While all the games are connected, they each have their own seperate story and plot lines.

The first one follows Shulk on his quest for revenge against the man eating Mechon. It sounds generic, but it is really good. It's my 5th favorite game of all time and Shulk is my favorite video game character of all time.

The second follows Rex as he travels across Alrest, trying to help a mysterious girl named Pyra get home. Again, it sounds generic, but the Xenoblade games are experts of crazy amazing stories.

I haven't played X so I couldn't tell you what it's about. Either way, I highly recommend the series.
        What X is about?

„It‘s this planet, there‘s something about this planet“
            X is a lot less focused on story than the other two in favour of world exploration and navigation and it leaves me wondering how the heck they managed to put that game on the Wii U. It’s my favourite in the series for its gameplay but if you’re looking for story then while it’s still Xeno series tier it’s not exactly as strong as the other Xenoblade games. That being said, that is also an incredible plot summary.
        Thank you for that. I will most definitely check them out.
>!Alvis is Ontos, so he's still weaker!<
    Ah, checks out. I wish I could pay attention to the lore more but rn BoC mode is kicking my ass and all I can do is struggle
        It's never explicitly stated, just from context clues like >!Alvis' key becomes a red Aegis core crystal/Trinity Processor core in DE!<
    There is a difference though. In Shulk’s case, him and Alvis are in a universe where Alvis has 100% control. In that case, even if Pneuma could manipulate Reality, it would only be (at absolute maximum power) on Zanza’s scale. Not to mention that there is a range for how much reality manipulation can be done (as Pneuma still needed help destroying the World Tree, and couldn’t just make it disappear. Shulk could just make it disappear without any effort at all).
But Klaus has no power of his own, its all redirected from the trinity processor, of which the Aegises directly connect to, so by that logic they are obviously more powerful.
If you want spoiler tags to work remove the spaces between the !s and what you want to spoiler.
so does bayo tbf
    Not as many times to be fair but that just means we need more Bayonetta games!
    Yeah, but she needed serious help both times. Jubileus wasn’t restored to full power and Bayo still needed Jeanne’s help to summon Sheba to deliver the killing blow. Aesir basically had Bayo beat until Loki deleted the Eyes Of The World and then had help from Balder and Jeanne.
Yeah he’s literally punched through a planet
    for sport, may i add
        He hit a world destroying asteroid 9999 Light years away in 25 seconds.With a Bat.

*Smacks the top of kirby*

This pink ball can fit so much power.
            Pink ball: opens mouth

Ị̶̉̓͜n̷̥͐͊t̷̛̤͑̂o̸̥͆̒ ̸̟͉̒t̶̝̙̓̇ͅh̵̢̟̞̔̀̐e̴͔͉͕͑̿̕ ̷̭̝̇̇v̶͔̌̽̍ő̸͚͗i̵̧̯͆ḑ̴̞͋̎ ̶̪͚̋̑w̵̡̎i̵̡͌͝t̵̙̹͒͐̈́h̴̡̨̅ ̸̻͙͔̈́̕͝ÿ̸̤̹̖̐̄ȏ̷͖̤́͜ṷ̶̿
He also swallows the local populace whole and manifests their power or even create zombie puppets out of them to assist him in his "Vibing".
I was going to make a play on One Punch Man but "One Suck Puffball" is just... uhhh...
He doesn't need to convince everyone that he would win, his *own willpower* also counts. He would never have beaten Shido if that were not the case.
They don’t need palaces to be killed. >!The black mask killer targeted multiple people by finding them in mementos, it was just the 5th palace ruler’s murder that we actually saw!<
How can i forget freaking BOAT 

OH WAIT YEAH Sora can also sail a pirate ship Sora’s hands down the strongest character in Smash, no one can beat him if he sails away and just shoots from a distance literally what is Kirby going to do he has to copy god powers to beat Sora but all he gets are cannon balls to the face-body and Sora is already sailing far away from him taking shots from a distance

Joker can’t hit him with any persona skills because Sora sailed too far and he’s still taking potshots from his boat

Sephiroth can’t even destroy the planet to kill Sora because Sora travels worlds and will sail away into another world’s ocean and take potshots at Sephy from there there is literally nothing he can do to kill Sora

Shulk can become the universe but Sora literally traverses multiverses and his boat doesn’t run out of ammo he can just keep shooting at Shulk from a different universe while sailing away

Sonic can’t swim so he’s already out of the question Sora is surrounded by water and he’s still sailing away and no one can stop him from taking potshots
    Eh....I agree with everything but Kirby, he baseball batted a comet by swinging it at double light speed or something like that, I think he could hit Sara's boat. 

Other than the absolute obserdity of Kirby, I would agree with you though.

Can sonic canonical run on water? I never really played sonic games to be honest.
        Thats impossible Kirby can’t reach Sora when he’s sailing away

Also his ship apparently has barrier anyway it’s actually kinda hilarious how beefy his boat is naturally lol
>You talking about the reality warping aspects, or the go into people’s hearts and take them oit aspects? Bc Joker can do both

Sora can do both of those himself, he has the ability to manipulate the laws of worlds and can warp reality, as for diving into hearts the Power of Waking allows Sora to directly dive into a Persons heart or a Worlds heart, theoretically he could destroy/harm/damage both using this ability. The Power of Waking also allows him to reset the multiversal timeline via creating a singularity by Time Travel and can bring the dead back to life (though that's an incorrect use of using the abiltiy) since its main function is to both travel (creating portals) and repair a sleeping heart back to the way it was normally.

Joker as far as I know would have to search out a person's Shadow in Mementos and it's doubtful Sora would even have a Shadow because he's not from Jokers world it's established in KH that if you aren't from a world, certain aspects of that Worlds Order wouldn't apply to you since you aren't native to it. This includes curses by gods.
    He wouldn’t have to take out Sora’s shadow in a fight, that’d just be how he’d change his heart/kill him w/o him knowing. I think this is more of a 1on1, where he’d just bring Sora into Mementos w/him. Even if he did try to take him out through his heart, Sora’d probably just be resistant to it PoW or not. He’s been fighting people inside his own heart since Roxas. Sora couldn’t go back and kill Joker either bc it’d just kill himself >!or send Sora to Quadratum?!<. Seems to me Power of waking just puts them on similar level, basically making them immune to the other’s Insta-win button. If you’re unfamiliar, having a persona makes your heart immune to being tampered with.
    All true, you don't really think about how nonsense but op sora powers are outside of kh context. It's like Kirby probably being one of the top contenders here but it's not like he's vibing like a killing machine, sora and kirby are just op from their cartoony worlds with nutty powers that they need to fight their op villains
Gatlings the opponent with plot holes.
    You know the amount of actual Plot Holes in KH is actually really low. Retcons on the other hand are a plenty.
        "Plot holes are inconsistencies or gaps in the storyline or character development. They are formed when a narrative stops following its own logic."

I'm just gonna leave this here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/eyipym/anyone_know_some_kingdom_hearts_plot_holes/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
            I know what a plot hole is and I've already seen that page which people in it have already answered in the thread. [And a lot of people agree that the series has a low amount of lore contradicting plot holes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/p4ksrj/does_the_kh_series_have_any_genuine_plotholes/) Most of the "plot holes" featured in that thread already have answers that can be found in the game

some plot holes that are likely to be retcon

•Xehanort age from KH DDD to KH3 (we don't know if Dark Road will Retcon this since it's not done yet.)

•Where did Riku get >!Kairi's Keyblade?!< Nomura just recently said [he was going to explain this so once again a retcon.](https://www.kh13.com/news/update-kingdom-hearts-20th-anniversary-qa-responses-missing-link-information-r3653/)

•Nameless Star knowing Sora's name. It's likely she's an oracle like the original Stella from FF vs XIII was, another retcon.

*Blank Points Aqua and her memory issues. The Realm of Darkness makes you forget your memories, this is not even a retcon it's established back in KH1 and KH2.
Well yeah but if steve doesn't have a health bar he cannot be killed, now can he?
    He can still be killed by /kill, the void or even a splash potion with modified nbt. He is far from immortal in creative mode.
        So then it depends on world logic. If we’re in the Minecraft world can anybody use commands or only Steve? Or if Steve goes into another characters universe can he still use commands?
Well yeah but if steve doesn't have a health bar he cannot be killed, now can he?
Kirby inhales genie
Archie Comics the company did runs of Sonic, Megaman, and Sonic & Megaman. 

They’re not characters in Archie the comic though.
    Oooh. That makes more sense. I thought Sonic opened a wormhole to Riverdale and murdered the gang
        That'd be pretty awesome, too.
Sonic traveling through multiverses in Base Form
yeah i meant it more as a joke, but creative mode itself is a part of the game so would that count?
    Yah, you can't load sonic in god mode, but Steve can. In this mode he can create and end all life as well as build his own universe. 

But yah, silly question for the memes
        You can actually totally load Sonic in God mode, in Sonic 3 and Sonic and knuckles if you grab onto a Vine and input a specific sequence of directions you turn on debug mode. Allowing you to place any enemy Sprite or stage object at will, including boxes that automatically turn you into the strongest form of Sonic presently unlocked.
Honestly, Kirby has dealt with meta threats before. He's just going to somehow eat the command console and then go for a nice little walk to get some snacks.
Steve has the power of blockchains and i dont think any of these people can deal with someone who's invulnerable to any kind of dmg, even the void. 

Plus he has a pocket dimension of every conceivable material and species in minecraft, not even including commands that let him control weather, time, space, and manipulating the properties of any item/block. 

Closest would be Kirby but i think creative mode Steve is just broken.
    No no, you can’t claim Steve has access to commands or command blacks. The Minecraft menu literally calls them cheats and disables achievements when you use them. Do you really want to start a debate about debug menus and cheat codes? Because I’m sure there’s at least a few characters who’d benefit from a debug menu or two.
        I would have to check bedrock edition, but java edition has never disabled the ability to earn achievements or advancements if you have cheats enabled.
        How about raw strength?  Based on crafting recipes and inventory size, Steve is capable of lifting [over 355 million kilograms.](https://ideas.fandom.com/wiki/How_strong_is_Steve%3F)  While sprinting.
            They actually explained that the inventory is a pocket dimension, so it’s actually no weight at all, not to mention lifting strength doesn’t correlate to attacking strength, he still does half a heart with a punch.
                Then he can still punch a 1-metel cube of steel into nothing in less than 30 seconds.  Assuming he merely vaporizes it and doesn't actually atomize it, that means he's generating 489,260,978 kilo-joules of energy.  With his fists.  In 25 seconds.

Because his punches only do half a heart of damage to other players of equal power, we can extrapolate that Steve is almost indestructible.
    The things you say are true and a good point, but I will continue to believe in Poyo-supremacy
Three if you count Yaldobath, Adam Kadmon and Demiurge
    I wouldn’t consider Kadmon a god, it’s just an extremely powerful persona.
        I feel that those can overlap tho? Like a being can be a god and a persona, Adam Kadmon had the powers of a god and even inherited the powers of yaldaboth, he even had agency outside of Maruki’s control, I think gods can be personas and personas can be gods or god like beings, like satannael or in this case Adam Kadmon/Azathoth
Yeah I suppose those trailers can be considered canon. 

>	even if it’s not really the case, my comment was mostly just a joke anyway).k

Yeah I know haha. I was being nit-picky tbh
If we take the animations as cannon, mods become cannon, and i know for sure not a single one of these characters has the mental fortitude to play any gregtech pack to completion except for Steve.
Yeah it’s a gray area. It’s a sandbox game so does it even have a canon? Or is anything and everything you can do in the game canon? I guess it’s up to each person on how they define “canon”.
canon minecraft is gregtech
The only things I would consider canon are things you have to do to beat the game, like travel to the Nether, travel to the End, and defeating the Ender Dragon
Yep, it's the weirdest thing. I've never seen a franchise fan base more terrified of spoilers than Xenoblade. They try to obfuscate the most mundane stuff
    Next they’ll inform you that shulk’s final smash has a spoiler but won’t tell you what it is (they’re afraid you won’t play the game )
The TV-YA version of Gluttony’s stomach.
Poyo!
Lets also remember that kirby is a baby and has killed gods and planet destroyers. A full grown kirby would be over powered
But the Mii isn’t you, it’s just modeled after you. A ditto transformed into a Charmander isn’t a Charmander, it’s just modeled after one
    Exactly. The ROB that’s featured in games is just modeled after the real one
Nuh uh its floating peach and her little star guy.
    Princess Apple and Invincibility Star
        Princess Toadstar and Shrooma
Actually it's Rosalina's monster.
Steve doesn’t do that. The player does using console commands. I can’t think of any other game where people think console commands are part of a character’s canonical abilities.
True, also carries limitless amounts of even the heaviest of items. Probably has more lifting strength than Kirby, but Kirby still wins.
    The books written by Mojang though stated that the inventory is a pocket dimension though and the physics of the Minecraft world are completely different then ours which makes answering this question complicated.
        Hmm... So is Steve not actually carrying the stuff? This does make it complicated indeed.
            Even if he was, his lifting strength is completely irrelevant. Punching someone with a Sbox full of garbage does less damage then poking them with a spade.
    Kirby can send a meteor 9999 light years in 25 seconds using a baseball bat
    I feel like its a stalemate

Kirby could absolutely kill steve but steve can do the same to kirby, it would depend on who striked first
        I feel like Steve's striking power isn't that impressive, even with Netherite tools. Kirby can tank basically anything, Steve can get killed by spitting alpacas.
            I feel like breaking stone 1m^3 with only fists says a lot about his striking power
                Doesn't it take a while for him to break 1 m³ of Stone though?
To be fair, even with creative gamemode Steve is still killable and has never been proven to have control over something not belonging to Minecraft, so it's still not as op as it looks like
Guess he's lucky the Dovahkiin and none of the Valve characters got in because you can do the same thing in their games
Kirby punches planets to break them in half in his gameplay what are talking about. Kirby is a planet buster without anything other than the strength of his punch. Not even Goku or Superman can destroy planets with just raw kinetic force of punching. Also Kirby’s Star travels FASTER THAN TIME. Literally he used the warp star to travel to the future after the calamity. 

So you tell me if Kirby is the strongest smash character. By far strongest on the roster, faster than 99% of the roster, **AND THATS WITHOUT COPYING ANY POWERS.**

Not to mention he’s a baby. Imagine the universe destroying power of a full grown Kirby.
    Kirby destroys a moon not planet in one of his minigames, though still quite impressive.

Goku and superman both far exceed the strength required to do this

Kirbys star is not his own power

But thats being said, Kirby is still a very formidable individual with a lot of feats of strength and skill
I believe they were asking who in smash was the most powerful, and the list was just the op's opinion.
Haven't played Kingdom Hearts nor Persona. So idk if Sora or Joker rank higher than her
    I wasn’t talking about them I was just saying palu is kinda weak some of the weaker ones here like gannondorf and mewtwo beat her
I think the only god that seemingly is actually immortal and can’t be killed is Solaris and technicalllyy to an extent, Ganon. Solaris had to be attacked by Shadow, Sonic, and Silver all at the same time in the Past, Present, and Future to put him in a supposed coma state, it was never possible to kill him. 

My Zelda knowledge is a bit rusty, but Ganondorf is the reincarnation of Demise which we’re all assuming is a god. Ganondorf can’t be ‘killed’ without like a special weapon like the bow of light or master sword, he remembers his past incarnations from every game and he’s never permanently dead. It’s impossible to fully kill him- he just eventually returns with every new century or so. I think BOTW 2 shows an attempt at trying to stop this by dehydrating and locking him up
That's a bit unclear. In the Japanese version of Star Allies, Void Termina was stated to be the "progenitor of origination" implying that he is a creator or, at least, predates the world. However, the general director of the game (Kumazaki) claimed that it was uncertain whether Void Termina was a deity in the first place. In-universe, there is no evidence of that, and the creature was only called a god because Hyness assumed he was a deity. He implied that Void, as a cosmic being, was an enigmatic creature whose origins and abilities were shrouded in mystery, so it's difficult to put an exact power level on him.
It was amazing, what are you talking about. Kirby goes in full rampage mode because his shortcake disappeared.
    But it also characterizes every character so badly. Every character doesn’t ask anyone what is going on and assumes stuff to just drive the plot along. Instead of Kirby asking Dedede what is up (he has done this before multiple times) he beats him up. Same goes for Meta Knight although he isn’t much better because Meta Knight runs away doesn’t tell kirby the chest contains Dark Nebula in it.
The Archie Comics Sonic works on different rules than Game Sonic, which is the one Smash Sonic is based on.
Dharkon: Well, I just wanna say that I’m a huge fan
Yeah, sounds about right

>!RIP Billy Kametz, that fistfight with Maruki wouldn't have hit as hard without his incredible VO work!<
He still saved Christmas by shooting a god in the face
    Only with the collective willpower of all of Japan (or maybe the world? Definitely at least Shibuya)
        He then shot the same type of god in the face 2 months later this time without the collective willpower in royal. He even did it in strikers
In SMT, all gods and demons are formed from humanity's subconscious but their powers are still real, so I don't know if the difference between false gods and real gods is as big as you think it is.
    While you are correct in that a "false god" and a "real god" aren't all that different, I feel like you could have made a better comparison than Shin Megami Tensei, the game that Persona is a VERY loose spinoff of. You could have chosen Persona 4, where they face off with a "real god" (technically goddess, but that makes no difference), and it goes through the exact same story beats. Start out in a difficult fight; lead into a "second phase" that's more of a cutscene, where the god then erases the Main Party; through whatever means they see fit; send the main party to the velvet room, where the power of the bonds they've made, un-erasing them; Main Character then uses an absurdly powerful upgrade of their starting persona, which one shots the god. Good point in the comment, but comparison to SMT wasn't all that helpful OR required.
        It still applies. The Persona universe happens in the same timeline as SMT If..., Devil Summoner, and Soul Hackers. In fact, the main character of SMT If... appears in both Persona 1 and the Persona 2 duology. Calling Persona a "very loose" spinoff of SMT isn't exactly accurate, not just in terms of the world but in terms of gameplay. Persona plays the same, just significantly easier and with a dating sim tacked on.
Kirby would still beat him by simply eating him
    Just don’t get eaten. So simple. 😂
        Against powerful enemies kirby can also copy powers by swallowing projectiles, so don't use those or get disarmed either
        Even if kratos avoids getting eaten Kirby is still really strong
Yeah, but they didn’t even get a hit off because cloud used Omni-slash and one shotted sephi. Alright, if you max out the party sephi can have 400k hp, making him immune to being one shot by anything less than lucky sevens, but cloud can still easily solo the fight with the right materia setup, and that doesn’t include the other two times cloud killed him.
Ok, but according to Pokémon Alpha Saphire's Pokédex entry on Jigglypuff,

>When this Pokémon sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, Jigglypuff cannot breathe, endangering its life. 

So if Jigglpuff fights someone with Insomnia, it will kill itself attempting to sing them to sleep. [(Source)](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-xy/039.shtml)

This sentiment is also mirrored in Pokémon Saphire's Pokédex entry,

>When this POKéMON sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, JIGGLYPUFF cannot breathe, endangering its life. 

[(Source)](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-rs/039.shtml)

While this is contradicted by other entries, stating that

>Nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a JIGGLYPUFF's song. The sound waves of its singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep. 

in Emerald,

>By freely changing the wavelength of its voice, Jigglypuff sings a mysterious melody sure to make any listener sleepy.

in Shield, and

>Looking into its cute, round eyes makes it start singing a song so pleasant listeners can't help but fall asleep.

in Black 2 or White 2. However, we can assume that this doesn't effect creatures that are unable to sleep, or have Insomnia, as seen by the Pokémon ability "Insomnia" which is described in-game as,

>The Pokémon is suffering from insomnia and cannot fall asleep.

Which prevents a Pokémon from falling asleep while they have that ability. Thus concludes my thesis on why Jigglypuff is canonically the weakest character in Smash.
    Well is Pokédex even reliable I mean macargo the pokedex says that it is hotter than the surface of the sun and yet you don't see anything suddenly burst into flames when it is around.
        Obligitory [what happens if you take the pokedex literally](https://youtu.be/zFqZggMcq34) animation
It’s not difficult to solo sephi with cloud, you can actually kill him faster by yourself than with a maxed out party, and if cloud has a half decent materia setup, sephi can’t even deal enough damage to overcome his healing factor. Sephi isn’t a pushover, but the materia system gives cloud enough adaptability to overcome anything sephi could possibly throw at him.
    None of that matters. In canon, Sephiroth was defeated the first time by Cloud and his party, not just by Cloud himself.
I’m confused why Ganon is even on the list, he’s gotten his shit wrecked by Link in every game of Zelda I have ever played.
    I’m guessing it’s deciding their power in a vacuum.
        in Kirby then?
    I’m not an expert in Zelda lore but possibly because its always taken two of them to beat him.
        Not really. 

Most of the time it's just link.

Link should be on the list if ganondorf is imo.
            I think it's because Link only beats Ganondorf with the Master Sword, which is the only thing that can actually kill Ganon. Not to mention that he'll just reincarnate and get you eventually. I think he's up here because he's effectively immortal.

You have to win every time, he only has to win once.
Maybe it's Maybelline?
The other is Palutena
    they've *both* lost to sentient carrots?

glad i've kept my hair short
You wouldn’t?
It looks like you're right.  
You've inspired me to look further into it, and it also appears that even in creative mode, receiving instant damage (or healing) lvl 127+ will kill the player.  
With that said, Steve can absolutely be killed, even in creative mode, as long as the attack is 762x as strong as Steve's punch. Which, in the scale of the characters we're talking here, is not that strong.
    It depends how literally you take Minecraft, I always bring up the old video (I think it was Game Theory) that points out Steve can punch while holding 64 m³ of gold, which is almost 3 million pounds.

Minecraft is kind of messy though, there's a lot of laws of physics suspended for gameplay
        I think in some official Minecraft books it says that they have a pocket dimension where they store their items, although I could be wrong and I’m not sure if the book was canon
            This would really apply to basically all video games, though.

Except for Death Stranding.
                What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
                    Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
    The man can atomise stone with his fists in seconds so he's gotta hit pretty hard. But then also he takes a lot of punches just to kill a chicken so I guess not. But maybe Minecraft has super hardy chickens? Who knows.
        Zelda and Link cant even kill chickens in their world. Steve is OP
    Bro, Steve can punch fire out. He can destroy rocks with it. He can fell a tree with his punch.
Yeah, but creative mode is totally cheating. The game even acknowledges this by disabling achievements whenever you’re in creative or cheats are enabled. Honestly though? I don’t know that it matters. There’s nothing Steve could do to come even close to killing some of these characters. At absolute best he gets a stalemate.
    If he has cheats he can /kill, although he might be able to be killed before he can type the command in by certain characters.
Endgame Shulk could do it since >!the Monado is basically the universe's computer!<
If anything, his massive ego and (maybe? Never played final fantasy) psychosis would lead to him having his own palace, making joker’s entry slightly harder, but once he’s in all he has to do is track down Sephiroth’s shadow and kill it. Jokers dealt with shadows who think they’re a god before, he should be able to win. Let him use items he’s prepared and it’s an even easier win.
As someone who isn’t versed in Kirby and just assumed he was a funny pink plush ball, I’ve started going down the “Kirby lore” rabbit hole and I was reallly not expecting what I’m seeing.
Idk, but archie sonic can travel twice the speed of light and casually dimension jump. He has ridiculous speed feats. He could probably kill kirby with sheer force. And beating that, he could just run into another dimension and bfr kirby easily.
    See, Kirby can do the same. He’s canonically broken through reality, all of it, just to kill a Madgod who was controlling it all, consumed him so has his power (?). All of it without breaking a sweat.

There is no limit to Kirby, for he is destruction incarnate.

If it exists, Kirby is stronger than it. If it exists paracausally, Kirby is stronger than it
    Kirby has significantly ftl+ speed and perception as well as multiversal striking power, having canonically thrown a meteor 9.5e19m/s
    Kirby had hit a meteor with a baseball bat and sent if flying far far faster than the speed of light
    He’s way more than “double the speed of light”


He’s fast enough to run across his entire universe visiting every planet on the way and still be home in time for dinner, he can manipulate water and throw it to accurately hit a target in 1 picosecond, that’s a number with 11 zeroes after the decimal point in seconds: (0.000000000001 seconds) 


He’s fast enough to cross the multiverse over 1000 times in a single night, of which only a fraction is still 148,000 light years.

He’s also later stated to have incalculable speed.

He destroyed the quantum dial, a device made to create black holes to destroy solar systems. Sonic not only matched the Dial’s speed he moved so fast the hand on the dial started moving *backwards*

 terms of durability he’s an absolute tank. 

He was blasted 849,000 light years from earth when the Quantum Dial exploded from Sonic’s speed, he crash landed on a planet and it was revealed he wasn’t even knocked out, he was taking a Nap the entire time. This is all happening at the same time everyone thinks he’s dead because he vanished.

Sonic also survived a brutal beat down from his own super form which at its peak was able to manipulate reality up to an 11th Dimensional level.


And this is only lightly touching on Archie sonic.
Use an unblockable attack that takes out 90% of his health after your health is depleted
Kirby kills gods like solaris daily.
    Solaris was going to consume all existing timelines. Not a lot of Kirby villains are doing things like that
        But Kirby latest villain was destroying two separate realities
            What does “reality” mean here? Are these realities universes or multiverses
                I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
        Doesn’t mean Kirby couldn’t take em
            Kirby is definitely able to beat Solaris. I’m just saying that game Sonic can hurt and kill Kirby
Theoretically, maybe
The problem is Shulks abilities are also ether manipulation, so he'd also be much weaker on Alrest.
Just from pure feats (ignoring universal creation as shulk didn't really do that, Alvis did) Pythra, more specifically Pneuma, have much more impressive feats of being able to rewrite physical laws on the fly which in at least one cutscene allowed for lights speed or, at the very least, near lights peed combat.
    light peed
While all the games are connected, they each have their own seperate story and plot lines.

The first one follows Shulk on his quest for revenge against the man eating Mechon. It sounds generic, but it is really good. It's my 5th favorite game of all time and Shulk is my favorite video game character of all time.

The second follows Rex as he travels across Alrest, trying to help a mysterious girl named Pyra get home. Again, it sounds generic, but the Xenoblade games are experts of crazy amazing stories.

I haven't played X so I couldn't tell you what it's about. Either way, I highly recommend the series.
    What X is about?

„It‘s this planet, there‘s something about this planet“
        X is a lot less focused on story than the other two in favour of world exploration and navigation and it leaves me wondering how the heck they managed to put that game on the Wii U. It’s my favourite in the series for its gameplay but if you’re looking for story then while it’s still Xeno series tier it’s not exactly as strong as the other Xenoblade games. That being said, that is also an incredible plot summary.
    Thank you for that. I will most definitely check them out.
Ah, checks out. I wish I could pay attention to the lore more but rn BoC mode is kicking my ass and all I can do is struggle
    It's never explicitly stated, just from context clues like >!Alvis' key becomes a red Aegis core crystal/Trinity Processor core in DE!<
There is a difference though. In Shulk’s case, him and Alvis are in a universe where Alvis has 100% control. In that case, even if Pneuma could manipulate Reality, it would only be (at absolute maximum power) on Zanza’s scale. Not to mention that there is a range for how much reality manipulation can be done (as Pneuma still needed help destroying the World Tree, and couldn’t just make it disappear. Shulk could just make it disappear without any effort at all).
Not as many times to be fair but that just means we need more Bayonetta games!
Yeah, but she needed serious help both times. Jubileus wasn’t restored to full power and Bayo still needed Jeanne’s help to summon Sheba to deliver the killing blow. Aesir basically had Bayo beat until Loki deleted the Eyes Of The World and then had help from Balder and Jeanne.
for sport, may i add
    He hit a world destroying asteroid 9999 Light years away in 25 seconds.With a Bat.

*Smacks the top of kirby*

This pink ball can fit so much power.
        Pink ball: opens mouth

Ị̶̉̓͜n̷̥͐͊t̷̛̤͑̂o̸̥͆̒ ̸̟͉̒t̶̝̙̓̇ͅh̵̢̟̞̔̀̐e̴͔͉͕͑̿̕ ̷̭̝̇̇v̶͔̌̽̍ő̸͚͗i̵̧̯͆ḑ̴̞͋̎ ̶̪͚̋̑w̵̡̎i̵̡͌͝t̵̙̹͒͐̈́h̴̡̨̅ ̸̻͙͔̈́̕͝ÿ̸̤̹̖̐̄ȏ̷͖̤́͜ṷ̶̿
Eh....I agree with everything but Kirby, he baseball batted a comet by swinging it at double light speed or something like that, I think he could hit Sara's boat. 

Other than the absolute obserdity of Kirby, I would agree with you though.

Can sonic canonical run on water? I never really played sonic games to be honest.
    Thats impossible Kirby can’t reach Sora when he’s sailing away

Also his ship apparently has barrier anyway it’s actually kinda hilarious how beefy his boat is naturally lol
He wouldn’t have to take out Sora’s shadow in a fight, that’d just be how he’d change his heart/kill him w/o him knowing. I think this is more of a 1on1, where he’d just bring Sora into Mementos w/him. Even if he did try to take him out through his heart, Sora’d probably just be resistant to it PoW or not. He’s been fighting people inside his own heart since Roxas. Sora couldn’t go back and kill Joker either bc it’d just kill himself >!or send Sora to Quadratum?!<. Seems to me Power of waking just puts them on similar level, basically making them immune to the other’s Insta-win button. If you’re unfamiliar, having a persona makes your heart immune to being tampered with.
All true, you don't really think about how nonsense but op sora powers are outside of kh context. It's like Kirby probably being one of the top contenders here but it's not like he's vibing like a killing machine, sora and kirby are just op from their cartoony worlds with nutty powers that they need to fight their op villains
You know the amount of actual Plot Holes in KH is actually really low. Retcons on the other hand are a plenty.
    "Plot holes are inconsistencies or gaps in the storyline or character development. They are formed when a narrative stops following its own logic."

I'm just gonna leave this here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/eyipym/anyone_know_some_kingdom_hearts_plot_holes/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
        I know what a plot hole is and I've already seen that page which people in it have already answered in the thread. [And a lot of people agree that the series has a low amount of lore contradicting plot holes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/p4ksrj/does_the_kh_series_have_any_genuine_plotholes/) Most of the "plot holes" featured in that thread already have answers that can be found in the game

some plot holes that are likely to be retcon

•Xehanort age from KH DDD to KH3 (we don't know if Dark Road will Retcon this since it's not done yet.)

•Where did Riku get >!Kairi's Keyblade?!< Nomura just recently said [he was going to explain this so once again a retcon.](https://www.kh13.com/news/update-kingdom-hearts-20th-anniversary-qa-responses-missing-link-information-r3653/)

•Nameless Star knowing Sora's name. It's likely she's an oracle like the original Stella from FF vs XIII was, another retcon.

*Blank Points Aqua and her memory issues. The Realm of Darkness makes you forget your memories, this is not even a retcon it's established back in KH1 and KH2.
He can still be killed by /kill, the void or even a splash potion with modified nbt. He is far from immortal in creative mode.
    So then it depends on world logic. If we’re in the Minecraft world can anybody use commands or only Steve? Or if Steve goes into another characters universe can he still use commands?
Oooh. That makes more sense. I thought Sonic opened a wormhole to Riverdale and murdered the gang
    That'd be pretty awesome, too.
Yah, you can't load sonic in god mode, but Steve can. In this mode he can create and end all life as well as build his own universe. 

But yah, silly question for the memes
    You can actually totally load Sonic in God mode, in Sonic 3 and Sonic and knuckles if you grab onto a Vine and input a specific sequence of directions you turn on debug mode. Allowing you to place any enemy Sprite or stage object at will, including boxes that automatically turn you into the strongest form of Sonic presently unlocked.
No no, you can’t claim Steve has access to commands or command blacks. The Minecraft menu literally calls them cheats and disables achievements when you use them. Do you really want to start a debate about debug menus and cheat codes? Because I’m sure there’s at least a few characters who’d benefit from a debug menu or two.
    I would have to check bedrock edition, but java edition has never disabled the ability to earn achievements or advancements if you have cheats enabled.
    How about raw strength?  Based on crafting recipes and inventory size, Steve is capable of lifting [over 355 million kilograms.](https://ideas.fandom.com/wiki/How_strong_is_Steve%3F)  While sprinting.
        They actually explained that the inventory is a pocket dimension, so it’s actually no weight at all, not to mention lifting strength doesn’t correlate to attacking strength, he still does half a heart with a punch.
            Then he can still punch a 1-metel cube of steel into nothing in less than 30 seconds.  Assuming he merely vaporizes it and doesn't actually atomize it, that means he's generating 489,260,978 kilo-joules of energy.  With his fists.  In 25 seconds.

Because his punches only do half a heart of damage to other players of equal power, we can extrapolate that Steve is almost indestructible.
The things you say are true and a good point, but I will continue to believe in Poyo-supremacy
I wouldn’t consider Kadmon a god, it’s just an extremely powerful persona.
    I feel that those can overlap tho? Like a being can be a god and a persona, Adam Kadmon had the powers of a god and even inherited the powers of yaldaboth, he even had agency outside of Maruki’s control, I think gods can be personas and personas can be gods or god like beings, like satannael or in this case Adam Kadmon/Azathoth
Next they’ll inform you that shulk’s final smash has a spoiler but won’t tell you what it is (they’re afraid you won’t play the game )
Exactly. The ROB that’s featured in games is just modeled after the real one
Princess Apple and Invincibility Star
    Princess Toadstar and Shrooma
The books written by Mojang though stated that the inventory is a pocket dimension though and the physics of the Minecraft world are completely different then ours which makes answering this question complicated.
    Hmm... So is Steve not actually carrying the stuff? This does make it complicated indeed.
        Even if he was, his lifting strength is completely irrelevant. Punching someone with a Sbox full of garbage does less damage then poking them with a spade.
Kirby can send a meteor 9999 light years in 25 seconds using a baseball bat
I feel like its a stalemate

Kirby could absolutely kill steve but steve can do the same to kirby, it would depend on who striked first
    I feel like Steve's striking power isn't that impressive, even with Netherite tools. Kirby can tank basically anything, Steve can get killed by spitting alpacas.
        I feel like breaking stone 1m^3 with only fists says a lot about his striking power
            Doesn't it take a while for him to break 1 m³ of Stone though?
Kirby destroys a moon not planet in one of his minigames, though still quite impressive.

Goku and superman both far exceed the strength required to do this

Kirbys star is not his own power

But thats being said, Kirby is still a very formidable individual with a lot of feats of strength and skill
I wasn’t talking about them I was just saying palu is kinda weak some of the weaker ones here like gannondorf and mewtwo beat her
But it also characterizes every character so badly. Every character doesn’t ask anyone what is going on and assumes stuff to just drive the plot along. Instead of Kirby asking Dedede what is up (he has done this before multiple times) he beats him up. Same goes for Meta Knight although he isn’t much better because Meta Knight runs away doesn’t tell kirby the chest contains Dark Nebula in it.
Only with the collective willpower of all of Japan (or maybe the world? Definitely at least Shibuya)
    He then shot the same type of god in the face 2 months later this time without the collective willpower in royal. He even did it in strikers
While you are correct in that a "false god" and a "real god" aren't all that different, I feel like you could have made a better comparison than Shin Megami Tensei, the game that Persona is a VERY loose spinoff of. You could have chosen Persona 4, where they face off with a "real god" (technically goddess, but that makes no difference), and it goes through the exact same story beats. Start out in a difficult fight; lead into a "second phase" that's more of a cutscene, where the god then erases the Main Party; through whatever means they see fit; send the main party to the velvet room, where the power of the bonds they've made, un-erasing them; Main Character then uses an absurdly powerful upgrade of their starting persona, which one shots the god. Good point in the comment, but comparison to SMT wasn't all that helpful OR required.
    It still applies. The Persona universe happens in the same timeline as SMT If..., Devil Summoner, and Soul Hackers. In fact, the main character of SMT If... appears in both Persona 1 and the Persona 2 duology. Calling Persona a "very loose" spinoff of SMT isn't exactly accurate, not just in terms of the world but in terms of gameplay. Persona plays the same, just significantly easier and with a dating sim tacked on.
Just don’t get eaten. So simple. 😂
    Against powerful enemies kirby can also copy powers by swallowing projectiles, so don't use those or get disarmed either
    Even if kratos avoids getting eaten Kirby is still really strong
Well is Pokédex even reliable I mean macargo the pokedex says that it is hotter than the surface of the sun and yet you don't see anything suddenly burst into flames when it is around.
    Obligitory [what happens if you take the pokedex literally](https://youtu.be/zFqZggMcq34) animation
None of that matters. In canon, Sephiroth was defeated the first time by Cloud and his party, not just by Cloud himself.
I’m guessing it’s deciding their power in a vacuum.
    in Kirby then?
I’m not an expert in Zelda lore but possibly because its always taken two of them to beat him.
    Not really. 

Most of the time it's just link.

Link should be on the list if ganondorf is imo.
        I think it's because Link only beats Ganondorf with the Master Sword, which is the only thing that can actually kill Ganon. Not to mention that he'll just reincarnate and get you eventually. I think he's up here because he's effectively immortal.

You have to win every time, he only has to win once.
they've *both* lost to sentient carrots?

glad i've kept my hair short
It depends how literally you take Minecraft, I always bring up the old video (I think it was Game Theory) that points out Steve can punch while holding 64 m³ of gold, which is almost 3 million pounds.

Minecraft is kind of messy though, there's a lot of laws of physics suspended for gameplay
    I think in some official Minecraft books it says that they have a pocket dimension where they store their items, although I could be wrong and I’m not sure if the book was canon
        This would really apply to basically all video games, though.

Except for Death Stranding.
            What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
                Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
The man can atomise stone with his fists in seconds so he's gotta hit pretty hard. But then also he takes a lot of punches just to kill a chicken so I guess not. But maybe Minecraft has super hardy chickens? Who knows.
    Zelda and Link cant even kill chickens in their world. Steve is OP
Bro, Steve can punch fire out. He can destroy rocks with it. He can fell a tree with his punch.
If he has cheats he can /kill, although he might be able to be killed before he can type the command in by certain characters.
See, Kirby can do the same. He’s canonically broken through reality, all of it, just to kill a Madgod who was controlling it all, consumed him so has his power (?). All of it without breaking a sweat.

There is no limit to Kirby, for he is destruction incarnate.

If it exists, Kirby is stronger than it. If it exists paracausally, Kirby is stronger than it
Kirby has significantly ftl+ speed and perception as well as multiversal striking power, having canonically thrown a meteor 9.5e19m/s
Kirby had hit a meteor with a baseball bat and sent if flying far far faster than the speed of light
He’s way more than “double the speed of light”


He’s fast enough to run across his entire universe visiting every planet on the way and still be home in time for dinner, he can manipulate water and throw it to accurately hit a target in 1 picosecond, that’s a number with 11 zeroes after the decimal point in seconds: (0.000000000001 seconds) 


He’s fast enough to cross the multiverse over 1000 times in a single night, of which only a fraction is still 148,000 light years.

He’s also later stated to have incalculable speed.

He destroyed the quantum dial, a device made to create black holes to destroy solar systems. Sonic not only matched the Dial’s speed he moved so fast the hand on the dial started moving *backwards*

 terms of durability he’s an absolute tank. 

He was blasted 849,000 light years from earth when the Quantum Dial exploded from Sonic’s speed, he crash landed on a planet and it was revealed he wasn’t even knocked out, he was taking a Nap the entire time. This is all happening at the same time everyone thinks he’s dead because he vanished.

Sonic also survived a brutal beat down from his own super form which at its peak was able to manipulate reality up to an 11th Dimensional level.


And this is only lightly touching on Archie sonic.
Solaris was going to consume all existing timelines. Not a lot of Kirby villains are doing things like that
    But Kirby latest villain was destroying two separate realities
        What does “reality” mean here? Are these realities universes or multiverses
            I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
    Doesn’t mean Kirby couldn’t take em
        Kirby is definitely able to beat Solaris. I’m just saying that game Sonic can hurt and kill Kirby
light peed
What X is about?

„It‘s this planet, there‘s something about this planet“
    X is a lot less focused on story than the other two in favour of world exploration and navigation and it leaves me wondering how the heck they managed to put that game on the Wii U. It’s my favourite in the series for its gameplay but if you’re looking for story then while it’s still Xeno series tier it’s not exactly as strong as the other Xenoblade games. That being said, that is also an incredible plot summary.
Thank you for that. I will most definitely check them out.
It's never explicitly stated, just from context clues like >!Alvis' key becomes a red Aegis core crystal/Trinity Processor core in DE!<
He hit a world destroying asteroid 9999 Light years away in 25 seconds.With a Bat.

*Smacks the top of kirby*

This pink ball can fit so much power.
    Pink ball: opens mouth

Ị̶̉̓͜n̷̥͐͊t̷̛̤͑̂o̸̥͆̒ ̸̟͉̒t̶̝̙̓̇ͅh̵̢̟̞̔̀̐e̴͔͉͕͑̿̕ ̷̭̝̇̇v̶͔̌̽̍ő̸͚͗i̵̧̯͆ḑ̴̞͋̎ ̶̪͚̋̑w̵̡̎i̵̡͌͝t̵̙̹͒͐̈́h̴̡̨̅ ̸̻͙͔̈́̕͝ÿ̸̤̹̖̐̄ȏ̷͖̤́͜ṷ̶̿
Thats impossible Kirby can’t reach Sora when he’s sailing away

Also his ship apparently has barrier anyway it’s actually kinda hilarious how beefy his boat is naturally lol
"Plot holes are inconsistencies or gaps in the storyline or character development. They are formed when a narrative stops following its own logic."

I'm just gonna leave this here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/eyipym/anyone_know_some_kingdom_hearts_plot_holes/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
    I know what a plot hole is and I've already seen that page which people in it have already answered in the thread. [And a lot of people agree that the series has a low amount of lore contradicting plot holes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/p4ksrj/does_the_kh_series_have_any_genuine_plotholes/) Most of the "plot holes" featured in that thread already have answers that can be found in the game

some plot holes that are likely to be retcon

•Xehanort age from KH DDD to KH3 (we don't know if Dark Road will Retcon this since it's not done yet.)

•Where did Riku get >!Kairi's Keyblade?!< Nomura just recently said [he was going to explain this so once again a retcon.](https://www.kh13.com/news/update-kingdom-hearts-20th-anniversary-qa-responses-missing-link-information-r3653/)

•Nameless Star knowing Sora's name. It's likely she's an oracle like the original Stella from FF vs XIII was, another retcon.

*Blank Points Aqua and her memory issues. The Realm of Darkness makes you forget your memories, this is not even a retcon it's established back in KH1 and KH2.
So then it depends on world logic. If we’re in the Minecraft world can anybody use commands or only Steve? Or if Steve goes into another characters universe can he still use commands?
That'd be pretty awesome, too.
You can actually totally load Sonic in God mode, in Sonic 3 and Sonic and knuckles if you grab onto a Vine and input a specific sequence of directions you turn on debug mode. Allowing you to place any enemy Sprite or stage object at will, including boxes that automatically turn you into the strongest form of Sonic presently unlocked.
I would have to check bedrock edition, but java edition has never disabled the ability to earn achievements or advancements if you have cheats enabled.
How about raw strength?  Based on crafting recipes and inventory size, Steve is capable of lifting [over 355 million kilograms.](https://ideas.fandom.com/wiki/How_strong_is_Steve%3F)  While sprinting.
    They actually explained that the inventory is a pocket dimension, so it’s actually no weight at all, not to mention lifting strength doesn’t correlate to attacking strength, he still does half a heart with a punch.
        Then he can still punch a 1-metel cube of steel into nothing in less than 30 seconds.  Assuming he merely vaporizes it and doesn't actually atomize it, that means he's generating 489,260,978 kilo-joules of energy.  With his fists.  In 25 seconds.

Because his punches only do half a heart of damage to other players of equal power, we can extrapolate that Steve is almost indestructible.
I feel that those can overlap tho? Like a being can be a god and a persona, Adam Kadmon had the powers of a god and even inherited the powers of yaldaboth, he even had agency outside of Maruki’s control, I think gods can be personas and personas can be gods or god like beings, like satannael or in this case Adam Kadmon/Azathoth
Princess Toadstar and Shrooma
Hmm... So is Steve not actually carrying the stuff? This does make it complicated indeed.
    Even if he was, his lifting strength is completely irrelevant. Punching someone with a Sbox full of garbage does less damage then poking them with a spade.
I feel like Steve's striking power isn't that impressive, even with Netherite tools. Kirby can tank basically anything, Steve can get killed by spitting alpacas.
    I feel like breaking stone 1m^3 with only fists says a lot about his striking power
        Doesn't it take a while for him to break 1 m³ of Stone though?
He then shot the same type of god in the face 2 months later this time without the collective willpower in royal. He even did it in strikers
It still applies. The Persona universe happens in the same timeline as SMT If..., Devil Summoner, and Soul Hackers. In fact, the main character of SMT If... appears in both Persona 1 and the Persona 2 duology. Calling Persona a "very loose" spinoff of SMT isn't exactly accurate, not just in terms of the world but in terms of gameplay. Persona plays the same, just significantly easier and with a dating sim tacked on.
Against powerful enemies kirby can also copy powers by swallowing projectiles, so don't use those or get disarmed either
Even if kratos avoids getting eaten Kirby is still really strong
Obligitory [what happens if you take the pokedex literally](https://youtu.be/zFqZggMcq34) animation
in Kirby then?
Not really. 

Most of the time it's just link.

Link should be on the list if ganondorf is imo.
    I think it's because Link only beats Ganondorf with the Master Sword, which is the only thing that can actually kill Ganon. Not to mention that he'll just reincarnate and get you eventually. I think he's up here because he's effectively immortal.

You have to win every time, he only has to win once.
I think in some official Minecraft books it says that they have a pocket dimension where they store their items, although I could be wrong and I’m not sure if the book was canon
    This would really apply to basically all video games, though.

Except for Death Stranding.
        What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
            Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
Zelda and Link cant even kill chickens in their world. Steve is OP
But Kirby latest villain was destroying two separate realities
    What does “reality” mean here? Are these realities universes or multiverses
        I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
Doesn’t mean Kirby couldn’t take em
    Kirby is definitely able to beat Solaris. I’m just saying that game Sonic can hurt and kill Kirby
X is a lot less focused on story than the other two in favour of world exploration and navigation and it leaves me wondering how the heck they managed to put that game on the Wii U. It’s my favourite in the series for its gameplay but if you’re looking for story then while it’s still Xeno series tier it’s not exactly as strong as the other Xenoblade games. That being said, that is also an incredible plot summary.
Pink ball: opens mouth

Ị̶̉̓͜n̷̥͐͊t̷̛̤͑̂o̸̥͆̒ ̸̟͉̒t̶̝̙̓̇ͅh̵̢̟̞̔̀̐e̴͔͉͕͑̿̕ ̷̭̝̇̇v̶͔̌̽̍ő̸͚͗i̵̧̯͆ḑ̴̞͋̎ ̶̪͚̋̑w̵̡̎i̵̡͌͝t̵̙̹͒͐̈́h̴̡̨̅ ̸̻͙͔̈́̕͝ÿ̸̤̹̖̐̄ȏ̷͖̤́͜ṷ̶̿
I know what a plot hole is and I've already seen that page which people in it have already answered in the thread. [And a lot of people agree that the series has a low amount of lore contradicting plot holes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/KingdomHearts/comments/p4ksrj/does_the_kh_series_have_any_genuine_plotholes/) Most of the "plot holes" featured in that thread already have answers that can be found in the game

some plot holes that are likely to be retcon

•Xehanort age from KH DDD to KH3 (we don't know if Dark Road will Retcon this since it's not done yet.)

•Where did Riku get >!Kairi's Keyblade?!< Nomura just recently said [he was going to explain this so once again a retcon.](https://www.kh13.com/news/update-kingdom-hearts-20th-anniversary-qa-responses-missing-link-information-r3653/)

•Nameless Star knowing Sora's name. It's likely she's an oracle like the original Stella from FF vs XIII was, another retcon.

*Blank Points Aqua and her memory issues. The Realm of Darkness makes you forget your memories, this is not even a retcon it's established back in KH1 and KH2.
They actually explained that the inventory is a pocket dimension, so it’s actually no weight at all, not to mention lifting strength doesn’t correlate to attacking strength, he still does half a heart with a punch.
    Then he can still punch a 1-metel cube of steel into nothing in less than 30 seconds.  Assuming he merely vaporizes it and doesn't actually atomize it, that means he's generating 489,260,978 kilo-joules of energy.  With his fists.  In 25 seconds.

Because his punches only do half a heart of damage to other players of equal power, we can extrapolate that Steve is almost indestructible.
Even if he was, his lifting strength is completely irrelevant. Punching someone with a Sbox full of garbage does less damage then poking them with a spade.
I feel like breaking stone 1m^3 with only fists says a lot about his striking power
    Doesn't it take a while for him to break 1 m³ of Stone though?
I think it's because Link only beats Ganondorf with the Master Sword, which is the only thing that can actually kill Ganon. Not to mention that he'll just reincarnate and get you eventually. I think he's up here because he's effectively immortal.

You have to win every time, he only has to win once.
This would really apply to basically all video games, though.

Except for Death Stranding.
    What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
        Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
What does “reality” mean here? Are these realities universes or multiverses
    I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
Kirby is definitely able to beat Solaris. I’m just saying that game Sonic can hurt and kill Kirby
Then he can still punch a 1-metel cube of steel into nothing in less than 30 seconds.  Assuming he merely vaporizes it and doesn't actually atomize it, that means he's generating 489,260,978 kilo-joules of energy.  With his fists.  In 25 seconds.

Because his punches only do half a heart of damage to other players of equal power, we can extrapolate that Steve is almost indestructible.
Doesn't it take a while for him to break 1 m³ of Stone though?
What I’m trying to say is we can’t measure Steve’s strength by his inventory capacity
    Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
I can’t really answer that question, they didn’t exactly give me descriptions in the Gatcha machine
Yes, I agree, I'm just saying that "canon" is pretty abstract when it comes to inventory space.
