[[The fact that evil orgs still show up in Pokemon is so funny to me]]


"listen I know team rocket, team aqua, team magma, cipher, team galactic, team plasma, team flare, team skull, the aether foundation, and chairman rose not only had their plan foiled, but their entire organization taken down by 10 year olds, but trust me, OUR evil organization is gonna be different. I promise"

edit: those of you saying "but the player characters aren't 10!!" consider the following: i do not care


[deleted]
    I would hope a world with free healthcare for their equivalent of animals would mean the same for humans.

Maybe they offer a nice sign on bonus?
        My current headcanon is that Pokemon Centers are funded by the Pokemon League itself, and they only do it as a marketing ploy to make people more willing to take up battling, therefore increasing the amount of trainers in the world, and therefore increasing the amount of people trying to participate in the League.  Without the centers I imagine very few people would actually consider taking up battling since it would also mean they'd have to put resources into the actual health care of their own team, meaning nobody but the most hardcore enthusiasts or people who do it out of necessity (such as researchers who'd have to do field work to study wild Pokemon) would pick it up.

Therefore, since the Pokemon Centers are funded as a subsidiary to a larger organization only for the benefit of that organization, that means the actual human health care system is a separate thing entirely and is likely just as borked as things are in real life.
            True, I did a no pokecenter run before and potions get expensive fast when they are your only healing options lol
                I mean there are ocassions where a kind old lady just lets you take a nap at her house and everyone wakes up fully healed. 

I feel like Pokémon centers *are* connected to the Pokémon league, but they’re also just a hospital in general for Pokémon that’s free.
                    My favorite is the ace trainer in the cave at X who let’s you sleep in her tent for the night.
                        I don't remember, sounds saucy.
                Berries
                How did you restore the PP of your moves? Did you regularly grow Leppa Berries and hope to find Elixirs?
                    Yeah I planted a bunch of Leppa berries and used ethers/elixirs when available.
            Damn this makes sense, especially with Gen 8 focusing on battling as an entertainment event.
                Except for alola
            It depends on region. For reference, the pharmaceutal system in backwoods regions like johto are so broken that a gym leader has to rely on random passerby for medicine for a sickness that is only a little bit nonstandard, and a farm has no ability to cure their own dairy cows. Its clear the vet care in at least one region isn’t universal. In sinnoh you’re literally unable to purchase better healing items from stores that definitely already have it until you’ve proven yourself to be a seriously competitive trainer. Vet Healthcare thus increases if you’re a trainer
            Why would you assume pokemon human health care is as borked as American Healthcare? You know there are many countries that don't have borked Healthcare, including Japan, the country that originated pokemon.
            > Just as borked as things are in real life

As borked as things are in America*

FTFY
                Sorry for the bother, but what does FTFY mean?
                    FTFY means "Fixed This For You"
                    Never any bother! Other guy hit the nail on the head, "Fixed That/This For You".

I usually see it being used with a slightly sarcastic tongue in cheek edit of another quote. (Like me, a europoor calling American healthcare, well, shit.)
                        Thanks for telling me!
            Do items not work on humans too I know the drink  heals the guard in red and drinks restore hp, also aren’t humans Pokémon too?
                The tea you give the guard doesn't heal him. He's falling asleep and the caffeine wakes him up.
                    i believe they're referring to items like freshwater and lemonade, not the tea you give the guards
                    No way that’s enough caffeine
            Spoken like a capitalist dog. Comrade Alexa, play our Soviet anthem.
            I always assumed something similar. Pokémon are being forced(?) to fight in battles. The least they deserve is free healthcare. Looking at you, UFC.
            Can I steal this for my fanfic?
            My headcanon is that it is NOT this because I go to this fantasy world to escape such things. (Also because if this was true a ten year old would have kicked their ass by now.)
            And they offer free meals and overnight stays for trainers because that makes people more willing to take the time off for the traveling, yeah? See the world and don't worry about hotels doing it, just be in charge of your own transportation.
            I think it's time to take up man-to-man combat as a sport for that free healthcare then.
        Remember that they're an evil team. Can you imagine a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform?

And add any gym leader/elite 4/champion that they might end up engaging (cue Lance's Dragonite using Hyper Beam on a grunt inside a store), and you get a compelling reason for some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.
            But the reason why health clinic avoid them is because they are already grunts in the first place?
                Because nothing is more evil than socialized medicine

/s (just in case)
                More like the teams avoid the health clinics to reduce any attention they might give to themselves if they end up injured in any possible operations they might be in.
                    >some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.

This imply that the team leaders use health benefits to recruit grunts. This is thanks to

>a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform

However, if they are not grunts in the first place, there is no reason to avoid health clinic so there's no reason to join evil team to get health benefit and the cycle continue. Granted, you could argue that they are already thug that needed the evil doctors or that the evil team have health clinics so there's no need to weigh your options regarding health care. That isn't what I picked up from your comment unfortunately.
            It makes sense for Galactic to offer benefits, they run an electricity company. Same with Aether Foundation and Macro Cosmos who run legitimate businesses and whose employees might not be immediately suspected of evil doing. Flare doesn't need to, you need to be rich already to join and avoid the apocalypse. Rocket is seen having fake businesses to cover their activities, those businesses could be used to potentially provide benefits. Team Yell is also employed by a gym so they should be convered under whatever plan Spikemuth Gym/The Pokemon League provides. If anyone is really concerned about being seen, they can go out of uniform and probably evade notice. 

I can't see it making sense for Magma/Aqua, New Team Rocket, Plasma (except for the good off shoot in b2w2- no way Ghetsis would provide insurance), or Skull at all.
                I can see Magma/Aqua having some good medical care in their base though
                Rocket runs business fronts though like the casino
                Flare’s cover is the kalosian pokeball producing company
                B/w original plasma always seemed like an ideology driven group at least on the bottom. Think a megachurch mixed with PETA.
        Imagining Pokémon like weapons/guns and Pokémon center are places they fixes up them.
        The humans have free healthcare op must be American
        So are pokemon centres vet clinics? They could be mechanic shops too, because many Pokemon are based on machines.
    Or like with Team Rocket in the anime where they signed up because 'I have nowhere else to go...'.

You kinda get the impression from the dialogue of the grunts in-game that they just took the job because they were desperate for money and/or glory.
    [deleted]
        True, in the Pokemon world 10 year olds can legally carry weapons of mass destruction, but even they surely have universal healthcare.
            Not to mention fully funded stem cell research. Have you SEEN how quickly Pokemon get healed of their injuries in the centers? Imagine how quickly a place like that could take care of cancers or other human medical problems!
                I mean, one single guy can even clone extinct Pokémon from just a fossil in a matter for hours. I'm sure they control biology to a greater extent than we'll do in real life 1,000 years from now.
                    I'm convinced that at least some of the fossil Pokemon are not what they were before they went extinct. I don't mean like the mix ups in SwSh, I mean that it seems unrealistic that all of the fossil Pokemon would be Rock type. I think bringing them back to life has somehow Jurassic Park-ified some of their DNA and resulted in something that isn't exactly what it was then.
                        That’s probably an accurate hypothesis regarding fossil typing.

I imagine part of it might be that some of these Pokémon have had their skeletons ‘calcified’ or otherwise contaminated by minerals from the fossilization process. When they’re reanimated, those minerals become a part of their physiology.
                        My headcanon is that they just have these "fossil" pokemon in the back and just yoink your fossil for profit
                            "Oh wow! This Pokemon went EXTINCT 100 million years ago. ...Anyway, Here it is, as it was. See ya!"
                                “…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
                            It could be like a cooking show lol

"The Poke-Resurrector 2000 takes awhile so we went ahead and had one ready to go for you."
                        On the other side I always believed that the fossils are rock type since it's the typings that can remained usable for longer and it's easier to become fossilized.
                            why would a Rock-type be easier to fossilize?
                                Already kinda rocky?
                        I read that theory a few weeks ago and I'm 100% on board with it. Doesn't take from how impressive resurrecting them is though.
                            Oh agreed. In fact I think it makes it even more interesting, cause it allows for possibly old fossil Pokemon to be added in games that have some kind of past-element (ala PLA) where we get their new "regional form", but really it's just what the thing was before the ressurection process messed it up. Omanyte as just water, etc.
                        I agree, and I think it would be cool if we could get a past focused Pokémon game where we can see the “true” forms of the fossil Pokémon.
                        A few definitely. Anorith (but not armaldo) and the lileep line were probably water rather than rock. Bastiodon, rampardos, carracosta, armaldo, and the Kanto fossils are probably the intended type. Aerodactyl being on Lance's team could indicate flying/dragon with tyrantrum being mono dragon. Aurorus could be mono ice and archeops could be anything plus flying.
                        Here's Mega Aerodactyl's Pokédex entry "Mega Evolution awakened some dormant genes, bringing back the sharp rocks that once covered Aerodactyl's entire body." So you could very well be right.
                Being able to study ditto tissue probably helped cure cancer!
                    Also nearly ended the world once, you know. Mewtwo and all that.
                That would be an interesting plot where someone develops the tech to put humans in pokeballs to take advantage of the pokecenter healing tech but comes the problem of potential slavery as a side effect as pokeball usage requires a master-slave contract to form....
                    Not to mention that it plays into WAY too many Pokémon fetish fanfics out there for Nintendo to want to touch with a 100 foot pole.
                    Business corporate would extremely love this lol


Even worse they probaly produce obsolete balls that need high cost maintenance fee which would make it a roundabout way to like suck money from users.
                    It's not necessarily a master slave relationship as it's been shown many times if a pokemon doesn't want to be in the pokeball they can leave on their own (Jessie's Wobbuffet). Also pokemon can choose not to follow orders so they are willing and not forced to do it (Ash's Charizard)
            The only way to stop a bad guy with a world ending weapon of mass destruction is a good ten year old with a weapon of mass destruction
                This ad paid for by the National Pokémon Association.
            You would think but it was the Healthcare Lobby used their Pokemon tech to buy out the governments and squash universal healthcare.
            Not to mention that, so long as the Trainer in question treats said "weapon" well, there's literally nothing to fear from them outside of battles.
                Sounds a bit like "good guy with a gun" to be honest😅
        Most of the Pokemon world only functions if you assume it's a utopia, with the exception of a stray bad guy attempting world domination imo. For the most part, we don't see too many people wanting for anything, doors are never locked, you can enter any house you wish and chat it up with the people living there; people are not living in fear in Pokemon games. 

It seems that most people are fed, that there isn't an absurd amount of financial insecurity, etc.
            Or: nobody is fed, because nobody needs to eat 🤔
                Eating has been a plot point in a few Pokemon games.
                I wouldn’t say nobody, I could go for a Miltank
burger right now
        It certainly seems a lot better. This isn't the right place for one of my rants about everything that's wrong with our country.
    In Pokémon Colosseum or XD (don't recall which one), you actually walk in on a Team Snagem grunt discussing benefits with a potential recruit.
        Man Colosseum was so good. Partly because it didn't feel the need to take the same target audience as the base games.
    Was gonna make a joke about this being Spain, but public healthcare doesn't cover dental health here, so you still get that from your employer, if anything.

So yeah, I vote for grunts being there for dental benefits.
    Team Dim Sun did it, the grunts are so self aware it cracks you up.
    I feel like for some of them, especially team galactic, they are kind of cults. The grunts get drawn into some kind of cult of personality and are just willing to do what the leader says.
    At least for the Aether foundation and league staff are actual jobs.
    Or make it more of a ideological reason to join. 

Could be something like Plasma’s idea of Pokémon liberation. Or could something like a group of angry protests about a factory polluting a lake and all they need is one little spark to go into a full pokemon based riot(maybe even tick off the local Gyrados in the water prompting the hero to calm it down.

Or maybe even an AZ style character who has seen awful things that humanity has done and made an evil team to just try and cause an apocalypse as a do over button with them as the ‘benevolent’ overlord
    Team Rocket are a bunch of mafia men, trafficking Pokémon for profit. So money is definitively their motivation. 

Team Magma and Aqua are a little difficult to determine. They’re eco terrorists, but honestly the grunts feel a tad underdeveloped on why they’re there. 

Team Galactic wants to reset the world… Cyrus makes sense, but it’s strange having an army of grunts that are okay with it. 

Team Plasma has some of the most convincing grunts. They think they’re activists doing good. They look past their hypocrisy of being Pokémon trainers as being a necessary evil. This is further explored in BW2 where many former Team Plasma members turned good and are trying to right their wrongs. The more extreme grunts stayed and became more paramilitary. 

Team Flare is similar to the Galactic grunts, BUT their is some subtext to them believing in their cause, they’re a bunch of spoiled rich kids. It costs 5 million poke dollars to join Team Flare. They’re very vain and only support the genocide because they believe they’re building a beautiful world for themselves. They’re a bunch of sociopathic instagram models detached from reality. Granted XY didn’t have the best story, and the Flare grunts aren’t as good as Plasma, but they’re better than Galactic. 

Team Skull has a lot of nuance to them. They’re just Alola’s rejects. They’re insecure and lash out because of that. Guzma is a great symbol for the grunts because he embodies what they believe in most. Be the biggest, be the baddest, and fuck society and culture. 

Team Yell… aren’t even an evil team. They’re annoying sport stans.
        And Guzma is Lucimine's ex-husband.
    That works for the US market, but what about other countries?
    That would’ve made the most sense in Unova lmao.
    No, they signed up for free Wi-Fi lol
Criminals being arrested in our world doesnt really deter other criminals from commiting crimes.
    tbh organized crime in the real world doesn't get constantly dismantled by 10 yo kids. In fact, most of them are pretty successful.
        Most organized crime isn't trying to unleash some ancient demigod that could destroy the Earth. Several of the evil teams are more like a terrorist cult than your typical mafia. Of course, it's not like 10 year olds have any more success with those.
            Yeah lol everyone aside from Team Yell or Rocket are in literal death cults like ISIS
                We’ve forgotten about Team Skull already?
                    I don't know how, Team Skull is literally just a way superior version of Team Yell 😂 They were trashy and iconic
                        Team skull and team yell were different things, though, one's a street gang of people with nowhere else to go, who are almost like a family.


And Team Yell is literally a bunch of hooligans and I love it
                        Team yell was louder, so it makes sense you would remember them first
                    Absolutely
                    Who?
                Team Skull is just Punk-rock Boys And Girls Club of Alola.
                    They were kind of my favorite team. No huge world-ending goals. Just a bunch of misfits who had to drop out of the island challenges because they couldn’t complete it.
                        All they had to say was "the evil team is juggalos" and I was in
                    Let them go around battle rapping people in peace
                        B-boying all up in their grillz
                To be fair most teams aren't death cults, they're just lied to or stupid. IIRC only Galactic was a death cult.
                    Team flare 👀
                        Flare didn't think *they* would die.   Everyone else would, sure, but the grunts were sold the line that they would inherit the planet afterwards.
                            I mean you can say the same thing about team Galactic, Cyrus knew what he was doing, but the grunts simply think that they are "creating a new and perfect universe", they don't know the details, that theirs would be destroyed and they would bite the dust
                    Okay, yeah, extremely stupid to not think getting rid of the oceans or making more of them would kill a lot of people and pokemon lol
                        They knew, they just didn't care, they were racist against sea/land dwellers even if they died in the process
                            So Magma and Aqua are up there in death cult status
                                But still very low on the intelligence chart.
                                    Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
                    Yeah Galactic is literally trying to destroy the universe.
            Happy cake day!
        But then again, 10 year-old kid in real world don't have fire wyvern, 5000 IQ mutant, violent failed experiment, Barney the dragon, Chinese water dragon and Ditto.
            i mean i can get a chinese water dragon at petco, so that’s 1/6?
                I can probably get the violent failed experiment, we've got 2/6
            Neither did real life criminal organisations, the ones in Pokémon are generally pretty incompetent
                Well, they're supposed to be villains ripped right out of Saturday morning cartoons...
                    yeah but this doesn’t let us overanalyze a franchise targeted toward children
            Wyverns don't have arms.
                Can they have hands?

Asking for my boi Noivern
                    That's exactly how it is, claws in the wings
            Exactly. It's no real wonder the villain teams get their asses handed to them constantly.
        It's even funnier if you think about the fact that the pokemon universe has a police force that is so insanely inept that a 10 year old has to do their job. Looker is the only one who is even remotely competent.
            Except for in the Galar region. The region where, because of the Switch's graphics, they could have gone full ham with the cutscenes and massive, world ending battles. And they decided to have all of the cool shit, like wild dynamax pokemon, happen off screen.
        Fun fact. None of the protagonist are 10. The 10 years old thing is exlusive to the anime.
            Gen 5 protagonists look like they're around 16
        Though to be fair, the 10 year old in question is also the strongest trainer ever in each instance.
        I'm sure there are some companies out there that were shut down by 10 year old kids, but in the grand scheme of how many corrupt companies there are in the world you'd never take notice
        And even when they´re dismantled, unless the rot causes are fixed, there will always be another crime syndicate. See Mexico’s cartels for example.
        Well maybe start giving our 10 year olds some fire breathing dragons and see what happens.
        Yea. For example, some of the current biggest World "Leaders".
        never heard of a single organized crime group trying to summon a legendary pokemon
            Scientology, probably.
    If anything large acts of crime being announced on the news only encourage further crime
    Then again most of evil team members, even leaders never get in any trouble outside of a few evil teams
i mean x/y protags were 16/17, so like at least team flare got taken down by almost an adult
    They're actually more like 17/18 since one character (I forgot their name) says you're older than her, and her age is stated to be 16
        to be fair, you could have 2 16-year-olds where one is older than the other.
        Shauna
        Do you have a source for this? I can't find anywhere that says that Shauna is 16, nor any text which states the player character is older than her in the games (though that is assumed).

The only information I can find is the Japanese pokemon wiki, which states she's "Over 10 (?)".

I very much doubt the characters are 16, let alone 18. I can see Shauna being around 12 and the protagonists being 13 or 14 maybe, but I can't find any official information.
            So it turns out after a bit of searching to remember where did I read/heard this from, it was not Shauna who says you're older than her, but *Emma* who says that. Her age is stated to be 16, which puts Calem/Serena to be around 17/18

And dude, have you *seen* how Calem and Serena look? They're pretty tall and slightly mature-looking as hell going by their official art. No way you can reasonably say they're 13-14 with those looks
                Very nice catch with Emma! I totally forgot she existed. She is definitely confirmed to be 16.

It's a bit of a stretch, but can you find anywhere it specifically states the player is older than her though? I'm struggling here.

And yes, to me both Calem and Serena definitely look around 14.
                    So it *also* turns out there actually isn't a quote where Emma says you're older than her. It was me misremembering quotes from the Looker Sidequest. 

During the part where you're going through the back alleys of Lumiose City, upon getting into a battle with the kids that can be found there, some of them say things like "No grown-ups allowed!" before battle, even though they let Emma stay there just fine (probably cause she's actually homeless)

So logically you *must* be either older than Emma or the same age as her, cause otherwise they wouldn't be saying things like that (why would they call a fellow 13/14-year old a grown-up?)
                        This is some good sleuthing!

While I'm not quite willing to judge a character's age off some kids saying "no grown-ups allowed", the argument definitely makes sense.

I'm not quite convinced though, since kids say stuff like that all the time and to anyone. Your player character could simply be 14 and happen to be taller than them, making them think you were older. Or the kids could just be much younger, around 10.
Emma, despite being 16, is considerably shorter than the player character, so maybe the kids just let her in thinking she was closer to their age, again based on height.
    Pretty sure BW and BW2 are 15 and 16 or something too.
        14 in both
            Hilbert and Hilda are now 16.
                Yeah im talking about when they were protags. Both bw and bw2 protagonists are 14, 16 in bw2 in the case of hilbert/hilda
                    Oops, sorry.
                        Np i kinda fumbled over my words lol
    Man I wish we could select what age our protagonist was
        I wish there was an easy way to figure out the canonical age of every protag
            Yeah, you always have to go off dialogue, or stuff in a random interview or magazine
    From what I've heard they where 18 actually
    Both sets of Unova protags are up there in age as well.
        Arent the SMUSUN protags about 15 as well? It seems that from Gen 5 up the protags seem to have gone up in age
            Kukui or Hala says they’re 11, I think during the festival on the first island
            I’m pretty sure they’re 11.
        They’re 14 iirc
            Bulbapedia has them both listed as age 11.
Thanks to USUM, we know that the pokemon multiverse exists, and some of the villianous teams incarnations were victorious. 

Granted it seems though it's mostly arrogance as we never play a game in those universes, plus newer teams seem to play to either local mischief or deluded altruism if anything.
    Most of evil teams from RR didn’t actually win.

Platinum established that Cyrus’ plan could never work as long as the Distortion World existed and he can’t destroy that without destroying the regular universe. It’s also stated that Giratina showed up to take him before he got sucked into RR, although Giratina might not have shown mercy to him in that universe considering he most likely murdered the Lake Trio. That Cyrus never got the chance to find out that his plan could not work and Giratina probably grabbed him again after Colress sent everyone back. 

It is heavily implied that Archie and Maxie were moments away from dying before getting sucked into RR. Archie getting consumed by the waves while Maxie was about to fall into lava. They probably resumed dying after getting sent back. Rayquaza and the other legendary probably restored the world afterwards, although water Pokemon or land Pokemon and Humans were presumably devastated due to Maxie and Archie.

Ghetsis is implied to have gone through the same mental breakdown that he went through in BW2, the one that left him unable to do anything else. Taking that into consideration and Team Plasma being unable to realistically separate people and Pokemon in Unova, let alone the world, and its safe to say his plans fell apart after he was sent back, especially with N either being dead or turning against him. Even one of the Shadow Triad brought up in BW2 that many Pokemon might have chosen to go back to their trainers if they were separated and released. 

Lysandre didn’t get the chance to fire the ultimate weapon, he was pulled into RR moments before he could do anything with it. I might be assuming things but I don’t think Colress sent Lysandre back with the ultimate weapon. 

We honestly don’t know much about RR Giovanni. Does he just rule Kanto from the shadows in his universe? What happened to make him go from crime boss to a generic evil team leader that wants to rule several worlds? Mega Mewtwo or not, he is not unstoppable and probably knows his limits. I can’t see him trying to invade and conquer other regions while relying on Grunts.
    I would love a game where the evil team won in a post apocalyptic setting and you're like prophesized to be the chosen one so they give you a starter and you battle your way through the resistence members which would be undergroud group(replacing gyms) to prove that you can defeat the evil team and instead of the league you would fight the evil team.
    bah, I discard that as a plot device to give you fantasy encounters with all previous bosses.
        That's exactly what it is, but it still adds to the canon
I guess that to be fair, other regions' shenanigans rarely get mentioned in games so, for all we know all the bad teams think they're the only ones that are trying to take over the world and what not.
    Youd think that creating a biological weapon, summoning a giant whale or doing some shenanigans with a different universe would make the news
        “Breaking News: Millionaire and Galar League executive Chairman Rose was apprehended last night for trying to destroy the world, but no one gives a shit about that. Tonight’s top story: Pokémon Eggs: Just where do they come from?”
            That's actually a show I would stop to see... Where the hell do they come from?
                And it would be hosted by the Safari Zone and show an educational documentary of a trainer trying to con their Aerodactyl to force fuck an Altaria so the offspring have a chance at hatching shiny with dragonbreath
    A Team Plasma grunt in N's Castle mentioned that they stayed underground to avoid the detection and failure the previous evil teams suffered in B/W.
        "Team Galactic and Team Rocket drew too much attention to themselves. That's why their plans were thwarted."
    I feel like this got broken in legends Arceus. NPCs commonly reference their roots in Galar and other regions
"So why were you working for [evil organization]!?"

"Healthcare, dental, a nice 401k, like 50 dollars an hour, etc"
    A necessary evil, to be sure. Taking part in evil affairs that'd doom your entire home and possibly world, but if you're going to do that, you might as well get paid for it.
        And if you’re incompetent enough at your job, everything will be just fine.
I think Rose’s plans technically worked out and the company still exists.
I'd have a better time with the evil teams if the million grunts you had to fight were different and interesting. If the people who wrote Undertale did the dialogue for the grunts, it'd be so much more fun. Like enough with the "I'm gonna stomp ya, twerp," have grunt #214 say "this pokemon was passed down from my grandfather, a legendary Pokemon trainer," and then it's a level 14 oddish
    They're like that because they're supposed to be as blank and as irredeemable as possible. That's why all the males and females look the same, and none of them have any names.

The NPC Trainers are actual people you live among, while the villain team grunts are just enemies for you to knock down.
    Usually this kind of stuff you find more in Pokémon hacks

Pokémon team rocket edition for example
The next plan is gonna be to sterilize the world and then wait till every kid turns 18. No more people capable of stopping evil around anywhere!
    Zeke liked it
I think the only team that didn’t serve any purpose whatsoever was Team Yell. They could’ve been taken out completely and nothing would have happened to change the story really at all.
    It’s tough to have a team Yell without voice dialogue
        Tell that to Piers.
        It was really awkward. It's odd how the games are 3D now, but besides the OST and the cries of the creatures, everything in the world is just dead silent. Piers is introduced singing but literally nothing comes out of his mouth. ...What?
            What makes it even worse is that all the way back in BW2 Roxie was actually singing words. Granted she was just spelling out and saying Pokemon, but that was so amazing to hear on the DS for 12 year old me .
    They weren't evil though. They were really avid supporters for their home team (Marnie).

Not every organization must be some evil team looking to take over the world or something.
    Team Yell weren't villains though. They were just the Pokeverse version of football hooligans. They weren't there to change the story particularly, they were just part of fleshing out the culture of the region.
    They were as important as rocks in previous game
    Team Yell was underwhelming at best. C'mon guys steal a pokemon or something
        They were like goth cheerleaders.
            And that's why they are perfect
                They done nothing wrong, ever, and i love them
        Team Yell are only an 'evil' team in the sense that they keep disrupting your league challange. Macro Cosmos are the evil team of SwSh.
        They weren't supposed to be evil. They were pretty much soccer hooligans because England. Them being a fake out to take suspicion away from Chairman Rose is just icing on the cake. Team Yell is one of the best parts of Sword/Shield.
            > Them being a fake out to take suspicion away from Chairman Rose is just icing on the cake.

Did they? The first look I had at Rose I knew he was the villain, and the ineffectual shenanigans of Team Yell didn't sell them as a credible threat to me. Frankly I would have been more surprised if Team Yell was the ultimate villain after all.

I don't mind them though, they are funny.
                Not so much in the game, more so in marketing. They were revealed well before the game came out and Rose and his goons weren't. Then the game came out and it was immediately clear that Yell was just a bunch of dorks. I like them.
            they just tried to be team skull
                Oh for sure but Team Skull is the best.
My theory is, that the new professors are the leader of the evil org. It'll be like gen3 with edition specific evil teams. The reason is because all poke professor are named after trees, while the 2 new ones aren't. Maybe there is a third professor, that replaces the one after they revealed they are evil.
    Then it's a perfect plan because they're so hot nobody would go against them. Like daddy Turo please let me join your evil team 🥵🥵🥵
    The potential professors could have last names related to trees/plants e.g. Samuel Oak, Aurea Juniper, and Augustine Sycamore.
The last few gens had teams that weren't immensely evil. The twist in S&M where Team Skull seems evil at first but then turns out to just be troublemakers lead by someone shunned from the island challenge is great. Can't speak for Team Yell yet (still haven't played SW&SH), but they seem like glorified cheerleaders, so.
    Yeah, but Guzma was working with Lusamine to a certain extent. He was her husband and the father of her kids.
        ...... Huuuuh, no??? Guzma is not her husband LOL.
            He may not be her husband, but I'm pretty sure he's the father of her two kids though.
                ..... No, Mohn is their father, bruh.
Don't forget the Go-Rock Squad, the Pokémon Pinchers, the Societea and Team Dim Sun! Though to be fear, their evil organizations got taken down by professional crime-fighting rangers who just happened to also be young teenagers.
    Would I be right in thinking the Phobos Battalion would be applicable as well?
        Oh yeah the bad guys from Pokémon Link! I totally forgot about them.
    If we are mentioning side-games Team Break somehow took several champions and gym leaders to take down. They literally were regular trainers with weird sunglasses
        I guess they were kinda threatening for the 2 miliseconds they had hoopa. (also lear in the main games when?)
        Tbf, we have never seen a proper team Break guy haven't we? And they are clearly still operational somehow so yeah.
    Or Team Great Rocket
I still think it’s funny that 10 year olds are allowed to face off against evil organizations but can’t go in the tall grass without a Pokémon.
    TBF, they can only face evil orgs with a pokemon too
    I guess the Pokémon League just don't expect criminal organizations of all things to interrupt their tournaments. So, when it does happen, they don't know what to do because they never prepared for it, forcing you to deal with the problem instead.
[removed]
    Because they don't really care about history and only think of themselves and what's happening in the moment. And that, I believe, is why nothing will ever really change, neither in real life nor in the world of Pokémon.

All you can do is learn from history yourself, so you don't end up becoming just as careless and self-centered as those in power.
It’ll probably never happen but it would be nice to have adult protags every once in a while. 

But I understand why it’s always 10 year olds cause the whole “starting your journey” thing. 

That’s just how I think as an adult who started playing these games as a kid. Back then I paid no mind to it. Now I don’t like playing as kids anymore 😂😂
    It bothers me that our rival in Scarlet/Voilet looks like she's in her late(r) teens...

I wanna be in my late teens too dammit...
        I actually haven’t watched the trailer yet (been busy), did we get a look at our character? Are they kid kids or older like XY ?
            They look 10-12 at most.
                Dammit
    Why can't they give us the option? It isn't like it would effect the story at all if you could choose from three body types (preteen, teen, older teen).

I mean, I know why. It's extra work they don't want to do. I still dislike it.
        They really should. Just another part of inclusion. Though I'd be happy with just difficulty settings for us older players...
    The XY protags are said to be 17/18 and the BW1&2 protags are 15/16 actually
        Most interesting
        Would you mind linking a source for the XY protags? I can't find anywhere where it's officially stated they are 17/18. The only thing we know is that they are at least 10. They certainly don't seem like they're designed to look over 13 or 14.

As for the B/W protagonists, we know from an official fan-meeting with the game developers just before the launch of BW2 that **Hilbert, Hilda, Cheren and Bianca are all 14 and N is 20**. They didn't state whether that is during BW1 or BW2, but given the context we assume it to be talking about BW1. Source is [here.](http://raim2005.blog18.fc2.com/blog-entry-980.html) 

That would make Rosa and Nate also 14, but the aforementioned all 16 during the events of BW2.
    It'd be nice, but that's never going to happen. This franchise is meant to appeal to children and teens, first and foremost.
    Play Colosseum.
“Which is why *MY* evil team will only be staffed by 10 year olds! Time to fight fire with Fire!”
    "Unless we're in a different version, at which point we'll fight that version with that version!"
Holy shit someone acknowledging Colosseum and XD?!
Well OP, first and foremost it starts with a can-do attitude.

You're never going to become the leader of a successful evil organization if you don't even try.
Team Yell was just a bad Team Skull
    [deleted]
        Team skull steals money and pokemon from people and attacked and took over a town....
            [deleted]
                Okay that doesn't change what they did lmfao. ??? It's literally not arguable
                    [deleted]
                        🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
I hope SV can introduce a villain team whose goals are a little more tangible.
    Considering the future and past theme with the legendaries? Don't hold your breath.
        Imagine if one team wants to reverse time so they can be with their loved ones who died and the other team wants to go foward in the hopes that the world will be better 1000 years in the future.
Yeah team yell and skull existed and folks hated em.

But smugglers from anime like hunter Jay would be amazing in the game.
We need a new gimmick with an evil team.

What if they weren’t human?

Rogue AI evil team
    Didn't Ultra Sun and Moon have a team that was basically robots, but they weren't evil? Instead of the whole circular motion, rainbow "Alola" greeting, they even did it as a rectangular motion.
        Did they? I didn’t play ultra, so I wouldn’t know
            The ultra recon squad. That’s their name.
    Congratulations, take a cookie and Arven's tears
        LOOK I JUST WANTED SOME COOL ROBOTS, NOT THAT MUCH EMOTIONAL DAMAGE
Hey some of them were close.  I mean, Rocket did a fair amount of damage before dissolving.  Aqua/Magma practically had a genie wish; oh it'll be granted but not how you think it'd be.  And Rose did as he said he would be unleashing the darkest day again (he just didn't forsee Leon losing or not being able to control the situation)
i mean look at irl groups
To be fair none of them were 10. Age of crime fighters in the pokemon world range from 11 to "somewhere in the early to mid teens'.
    17/18 in XY
        Their ages are still pretty ambiguous but you're right, I'd put them nearer thd older side of teen.
        SwSh characters are 19
            No I think they are 15 as well actually
                Incorrects "whilst the ages aren't known it is believed that they are 17 - 19 years of age"
                    Can you source that?
Earth has been invaded by nearly 30 years worth of monsters in the Power Rangers universe. They never cared about how so many have failed in doing that. Over 45 years of the same when we look at Super Sentai. Plenty of other franchises have similar things going for them.

This concept isn't new.
All an evil organization needs to do to succeed in their plan is to push for and fund mandatory boarding schools for gradeschoolers
 It would be pretty insane a Pokémon history where some organization team won and unsleash destruction. Then you have to play in the world full of destruction help to rebuild it and try to beat the team
    Take notes Nintendo
None of the protagonist are 10 except ash. Sorry that's just my pet peeve. The game protagonist ages all range from 11 to 18.
    Yeah. Except my minimum age guess is at the very least 15. It's just nonsensical how people believe that the protagonist is a literal child. Hell, in Platinum, the protagonist BUYS A HOUSE. AND FURNITURE.
        Well we know that red and the sun and moon protagonist were 11 and we know that the Calem and Serena were at least 17 in the games and that hilbert and hilda were both 14
In the Pokemon manga the evil organisations are way stronger than in the games by far..

Such a shame they can't pull in the same elements for the games
    I have only read a couple books from each manga but yeah you're right, they're also just downright way more evil. Lots of actual attempted 10 yr old killing too.
I really think Team Yell would have made a good team for Scarlet/Violet. They're a bunch of punk kids who love music and don't cause any real harm, and fit the "school bully" asthetic well. Would've gone nicely with the schoolkid vibe this upcoming game is portraying.
Look man. I’m just glad Team Yell is gone. Yuck.
[All they have to do to be successful is cheat](https://youtu.be/wGeBumikaZY)
It'd be nice if there was no organization and just a story about rivals and such.
    I don't think a couple rivals can carry the whole story. Sword and Shield mostly did that but if we didn't have Rose and Eternatus it would be kinda anticlimatic.
        I mean. Sword and shield barely had a story anyway.
            It had a story. It was mostly a story about a sports competition.
Those orgs were long standing and had years of reliability wothin their sphere, just that something happened within the group that caused them to mobilize in a larger scale than normal for whatever plot relevant reason roughly around the time the player set out on their journey.


The heightened activity overlapping with the player's journey created more opportunities for both to clash, ultimately resulting in the player's constant wins, usually crushing that group's plan in the process (barring any "there was actually a second group all along" situation, like with Team Skull and the Aether Foundation).
Do we really count Team Skull tho  
they're mostly hoodlums - hardly world-threatening.
This is why you alway employ ghost types that specifically kill children
Team Skull had a plan? Pretty sure they were just some rambunctious kids.
This realization is technically the reason why Ghetsis is psychologically broken after B2/W2. The fact that some random kid ruined his perfect plan, decades in the making, a plan he made while studying the failures of previous evil teams, and then ANOTHER random kid ruined it again without even being a legendary's chosen one (the Swords of Justice are in the area and offer help but you don't have to catch them) utterly breaks his god complex and his life goals. 

If he weren't such a POS who more than deserved it, I'd almost feel sorry for him. Almost.
That’s when I realized that each game is the *only* time an org appears in the timeline, technically. Apart from team rocker (which is technically in all the timelines).
Okay but USUM showed us they did actually succeed somewhat in other timelines so it's not like they don't have a chance.
We all know that Nintendo is the real evil corporations (especially after the recent allegations)
Think of it this way: They were taken out by the future region champion. They *weren't* taken out by the police or any authorities.
To be fair, Rose wasn't actually evil, only... extremely impatient.

Team Skull are just a group of misfits who failed on the Trial Challenge and decided to act out like angsty teens... because they are.

Aether Foundation... Yeah, I don't know about that one. Doesn't seem like everyone was on board.

Team Plasma: Like, part of them stopped doing the evil stuff and became good guys because they realized that their idea was misguided. And they didn't really believe they were evil until Ghetsis flat out said that they were, in fact, an evil team.
Team yell got the memo
You are flat wrong tho the only games where your characters are actually 10 are in red blue and yellow infact the SwSh main characters are 19
    Funny, in Red/Blue the protagonist was 11as stated by the booklet. However, the remake didn't make any mention of his age.
    Source for the SwSh protagonists? Nowhere is their age officially stated.

As far as we know they could actually be 10 - Leon's league card stated that he took the gym challenge at age 10 and won, so it's not too much of a stretch to assume that Hop and the player character are also both 10 when they set out on their journey. 

I think most people assume they're somewhere between 12 and 14.
I mean, Team Skull and Flare were so incompetent they made Team Yell look like they had a well thought out and organized goal... bit embarrassing to compare the other teams to them xD

And Rose's goal made sense - it was just the way he went about doing it that was the problem - and at least he wasn't an Italian stereotype
    Team Yell had a well-thought out goal! Cheering for Marnie! And they succeeded!
It’s just to add spice to the story. If any of this had any element of truth, sorry to say, but those kids would be killed immediately to protect these plans lol. Theyd be like “have a pokémon battle with me over your plans”, but swiftly ignored and murdered. Can’t look at these types of stories and use logic 😅
    Murdered with what? We are the one with the fierce giant beasts. 

Don't bother saying "gun", my Inteleon can tank a steel beam and then shoot them back in the head.
        True the kids are basically  summoner mages with insanely distructive power, people wouldn't bother developing guns when they have city destroying sentient weapons in their back pocket
        I think y’all are misunderstanding me. I’m saying if this was real, a real bad guy wouldn’t even entertain a battle. He’d just have the kid killed. The kid isn’t the only person who’s a summoner and can call in powerful beasts. These bosses have literal bases with hundreds of minions (each with their own summoning power) running around. If i’m trying to take over a galaxy for example, why have all my minions and then me each battle this kid one at a time, introducing the possibility of failure, when we can all call out our pokémon at once and have them all target the kid.

The point I’m making is the bad guys aren’t trying to rob a bank. They’re trying to like, *control space and time* and shit. Anyone who was truly trying to do that would not approach these 10 year old kids the way the game does lol
            I think y’all are misunderstanding me. I’m saying if this was real, a real bad guy wouldn’t even entertain a battle. He’d just have the kid killed. The kid isn’t the only person who’s a summoner and can call in powerful beasts. These bosses have literal bases with hundreds of minions (each with their own summoning power) running around. If i’m trying to take over a galaxy for example, why have all my minions and then me each battle this kid one at a time, introducing the possibility of failure, when we can all call out our pokémon at once and have them all target the kid. And when the corpse is disposed of, I can go back to taking over the world unbothered.

The point I’m making is the bad guys aren’t trying to rob a bank. They’re trying to like, *control space and time* and shit. Anyone who was truly trying to do that would not approach these 10 year old kids the way the game does lol.
            I get what you mean but I don't think it'd be so easy for them. First of all because the leader wouldn't know who we are until we become a significant threat. They are trying to *control space and time*, they don't have time to deal with every kid that their incompetent goons can't handle. Also, we keep on the move so even if they tried to chase after us that by itself would take some work. By the time we are a credible threat to the entire organization we are strong enough to take on their stronger enforcers, we usually even raid their bases by ourselves.
                I get you, but that’s the whole point Im a making. A 10 year old kid would never be able raid a complete and powerful base of *tens or hundreds of trainers*. That just would not happen in real life. After you beat like the first 2, they’d sound an alarm and people would literally just jump you in droves lol. Folks won’t line up to battle, they’ll crowd and kill. Control of *literal TIME is at stake*. And if they lost any such battle, they wouldn’t…you know, stand there like they do in the game.

It’s already been established (in life and in media) bad guys don’t play fair, but the game implies that they do. All i’m saying is that would not be the case in real life. Sure, the kid might not play fair either, but the kid is 10. And heavily outnumbered by adults. 

Corpse homie. Corpse.
                    A battle is a battle. These are turn based games but there are no reason to assume people are just waiting politely and taking turns and throwing mock fireworks. The reason why most of them don't rush in, is because if you try to just rush a Charizard you might be burned into a crisp, and not even criminals would be so inclined to throw their lives that easily.

In real life maybe things would be different, but pokémon isn't real life. Not only there are fantastical creatures, it seems like most people don't have the skills to wrangle however many strong pokémon they can get their hands on, which is why you mostly meet trainers with a couple weak pokémon. The player grows to become the regional champion of commanding ferocious creatures, it's a bit weird that no adults can be a match against them but you can't discount their own capabilities.
                        Have a good one bro
Just because a mass shooter in America is killed or arrested, doesn't mean we don't get another one next week.  Just because someone is arrested for stealing doesn't mean someone else won't steal.  Just because a terrorist organization falls in real life, doesn't mean another won't rise up.  It doesn't matter how a crime or bad guy is stopped, another will take its place if they have a goal, drive, and the means to do so.
    Yeah but how many of those were stopped by literal children?
        It doesn't matter who stops it or how it's stopped if the next person thinks they can do it better.  It's how the world works.
            You can't be certain though because none of these issues are stopped by somehow who may or may not still wet the bed
                I am 1000% positive children have stopped or helped stop crimes before, and just as positive those crimes still happen.  I can't look up a specific instance as of now but will edit this later when I can if no one has looked up an example for me.  Crime doesn't stop because people, no matter the person, stop them.  If a person has the drive to commit a criminal act for a goal they want, and are willing and have the means, they will do it.  

Not to mention the organizations in most pokemon games succeed alot and are only beaten in the final round of their plan, which if anything feels like it would be more motivating because people would think, "I just need to prepare for the end most, I'll be better then those before me."

You also have to remember its still a rare thing in their world.  Only happened 8-15ish times we know of give or take.  It's not like children being that strong is common, nor is the terrorist groups in the grand scheme of that world.

I'm more shocked that there aren't more terrorist groups with the seeming lack of most law enforcement in most games past *insert champion of region here* and *insert Main Character and maybe friends here*

------------------
Edit: and general trigger warning ig?  It is crimes happening. Also want to say some situations I question wondering how a child had access to certain things, like a gun, but they managed to stop a crime with it or threat of it so listing it right here anyway.  This is also not a list to glorify putting yourself into dangerous situations kids, seriously you could get hurt or worse if you get put into these situations, don't needlessly jump into them.

Video of a 12 year old physically helping to stop a robbery: https://youtu.be/uPk62AWP8cM

Article of a 7 year old stopping a robbery (albeit accidentally so take it as you will whether it counts ig): https://www.fox13news.com/news/police-screaming-child-stops-dunkin-donuts-attempted-robbery

11 year old in alabama being interviewed after stopping a home invasion:  https://youtu.be/G7OshCHsfJI

Article about a 12 year old shoots (fatally, and in self defense) robber after they broke into home and shot his grandmother: https://abc7.com/goldboro-police-goldsboro-break-in-s-william-street-shooting-12-year-old-shoots-at-home-intruders/10339097/

Admittedly they didnt stop the crime but honestly just respect the shit out of the bravery.  Article and sort of blurry video of 9 year old rushing to help fight off her mothers purse snatcher, under threat of being "popped" https://www.fox5ny.com/news/9-year-old-girl-fights-off-suspected-robber-to-protect-mom
                    Nah
                        K
                            I'm sorry but i can't take "just trust me bro" seriously
                                Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
                                    Nah
For those who don't know cuz I didn't Team Cipher is the Villainous Group from the Orre Games, Pokémon Colosseum and Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness (same group with Mirror B, Guy with Big Red and White Afro)
Whats team cipher and the aether foundation?
    Cipher I believe was in the Colosseum games, and the Aether Foundation is >!the plot twist evil group of Sun/Moon and Ultra Sun/Ultra Moon.!<
Skull gang is the only one that actually feels like they belong. They're not a real threat, just a bunch of punks. Their incompetence is part of their identity unlike the other gangs that you're supposed to feel threatened by.
Equip galatic it's the 😍besta
I’m really looking forward to Team Glumpus in Scarlet and Violet, who kinda just enjoy the conveniences of the present, take time to live in the moment, and educate themselves with the mistakes of the past to forge a better future.
How many people tried to conquer the earth before and failed? How many people just tried to conquer all of Europe and failed. People don't learn their lesson.
The only good these criminal organizations they'll ever get is that, at the very least, it's a new protagonist, and not any of the protagonists of previous Pokemon games.  Where these new protagonists already start off at the bottom and work their ways up to the top, so they wouldn't have been as much of a threat as their predecessors.

Not going to stop the most recent protagonist from developing himself and his pokemon so much, that *then* they become legitimate threats to the criminal organization they're fighting against, like previous protagonists with previous organizations.
I'm not sure what the point of this post is. You wrote this like it's that easy for criminals to be deterred. They certainly aren't in the real world, so what makes you thing they'd be in the world of Pokémon? Especially when they've got animals with superpowers on their side?

Not to mention the story of each generation takes place in a separate region. Team Galactic's likely never heard of Team Rocket and Team Aqua before, let alone their exploits. And even if they did, there's no way someone like Cyrus would let the thought of being defeat by a child stop him.
Can't wait for a game where the evil org kneecaps any 10 year-olds that get within a kilometer of their headquarters
Se should have younger cops then ;)
I’ve always wondered why they never just beat us up or something.
We need a Pokemon game where you rise the ranks of an evil organization, become it's head, and wreak havoc on your region. Steal people's Pokemon, open interdimensional portals, blow up the planet, all the fun stuff. Let the bad guys have a win!
Gen 9 plots twist. World Pokémon governments were funding these orgs to capture legendaries in efforts to strengthen their Pokémon militaries (armored mew two and genesect are two examples). The gen 9 org will be a company aimed at experimenting on mons to increase their quality of life, when in fact the data will be used by the government to breed mons with 100% chance for max ev’s and iv’s, as legendaries can clearly taken down by the 10 year olds and aren’t reliable; quantity over singular powerful mons. Upon a break through of making this happen, the org will destroyed by the poke government as they no longer have use for the org, causing them to side with prodigal middle schoolers to take down big brother. Leaked conspiracy leading to a new generation of Pokémon without government after their inevitable defeat. The regions compete for dominance. No more gyms. We must fight for our favored region (generation) in gen 10.
OP, your descriptor sounds like how politicians pitch themselves while running for some form of office.....
Imagine being a grunt just trying to make it then you get your pockets ran by a child with a pet god.
Spoilers
Hmm fair enough, i cant say i paid too much attention to the long ass speech scenes in gen 7 lol
Not all main protagonists are 10 some are like 15, 16 even
I mean, but isn’t that a good thing to teach children? I’m constantly feeling the burden of cleaning up shit left behind by previous generations. Pokémon in a way helped prepare me for this… 😅😂
One time I would LOVE for an evil org to have a very just cause for doing what they're doing. I wanna feel so conflicted getting in the middle of everything i think it would be so much more fun than "evil org bad stop them please"
    Team Plasma? They wanted to create an equal world for both humans and pokemon, but they went about accomplishing that by being essentially eco-terrorists.
        Yeah they were the one team that was as close to morally sound, but in the end it was really just Ghetsis who was doing his whole plan behind the guise of "equality for all pokemon and people"
            EQUALITY FOR ALL! Equality in being frozen into icicles I mean what?
Just wait till you find out that in violet and scarlet. You will be on one of two competing evil orgs!!!
I loved team rocket. No grand ideals or purpose. Just money 💴 🤑
    Giovanni voiced by Clancy Brown when? Because Moneymoneymoney.
Protagonists are special.

Besides most if the protags are over 11.
At least Team Rocket made sense. They were essentially the in-universe Yakuza in Post-WW2 Japan. Kind of a mixed bag after that, but the games world probably be boring without an evil organization present
It would be awesome to see a possibility of being able to lose the game, basically if you lose to the organization they control a new town each time. And the only way to fully win is by winning back each town you've lost plus beat the main boss at the end. Make it a little tougher to actually win every match as well so basically doing a scaling system of some sort. Not by region/town but by player.
Most of them have ideals.

And in a world where thoes ideals can be met why not risk it?
Villains always think they can do better than the bad guys who came before them. True for fiction and real life.
"taken down by 10 year olds"

I hope one day we get the option to choose an adult character. So that we're not always a little kid in the game when we don't want to.
Same thing happens in real life, that's why we keep having wars. If someone has enough charisma, they can lead a certain group of people to do just about anything.
Ewoks did defeat the Empire. So a ten-year-old defeating a crime organization isn’t so farfetch’d.
Can we just not have them in every game?


The trope has been beat to death at this point. Theres so much more than can be done story wise in a game like this.
It is quite a funny/ weird trope but I did find myself missing it after Sword/Shield. Team Yell don't count because they barely do anything & are more of a minor inconvenience brigade than actual criminals, and Rose just felt like an after thought. It doesn't count unless you have a repetitive hideout section, that's the rules
I just went to google, and the youngest player characters are 11. But a lot of them are older.
Look, I just want to battle pirates in the Pokémon world, but Team Aqua already stole that aesthetic.
For a moment I thought you were talking about the "evil orgs" from Wild Force and I was so confused when the sentence turned to pokemon.
In my mind all the games are taking place at the exact same time. So there are like 8 trainers going around and beating 8 different evil organisations in the same year or something. Just makes it easier for my mind to comprehend it all 😂
Team Skull wasn't the evil organization. They're just thugs and thieves. They live in a slum because they can't afford anything else, and they're together because they all failed their Island Challenge. Only reason they side with Aether Foundation for anything is the money.
I mean it’s possible the open world won’t lean itself as well to a traditional evil team, so we could get something like the yiga clan where they’re more occasional enemies and you have to actively go after the boss to defeat them.
Yeah after the entire universe gets saved by a 10 year old you wonder why they still show up
I would hope a world with free healthcare for their equivalent of animals would mean the same for humans.

Maybe they offer a nice sign on bonus?
    My current headcanon is that Pokemon Centers are funded by the Pokemon League itself, and they only do it as a marketing ploy to make people more willing to take up battling, therefore increasing the amount of trainers in the world, and therefore increasing the amount of people trying to participate in the League.  Without the centers I imagine very few people would actually consider taking up battling since it would also mean they'd have to put resources into the actual health care of their own team, meaning nobody but the most hardcore enthusiasts or people who do it out of necessity (such as researchers who'd have to do field work to study wild Pokemon) would pick it up.

Therefore, since the Pokemon Centers are funded as a subsidiary to a larger organization only for the benefit of that organization, that means the actual human health care system is a separate thing entirely and is likely just as borked as things are in real life.
        True, I did a no pokecenter run before and potions get expensive fast when they are your only healing options lol
            I mean there are ocassions where a kind old lady just lets you take a nap at her house and everyone wakes up fully healed. 

I feel like Pokémon centers *are* connected to the Pokémon league, but they’re also just a hospital in general for Pokémon that’s free.
                My favorite is the ace trainer in the cave at X who let’s you sleep in her tent for the night.
                    I don't remember, sounds saucy.
            Berries
            How did you restore the PP of your moves? Did you regularly grow Leppa Berries and hope to find Elixirs?
                Yeah I planted a bunch of Leppa berries and used ethers/elixirs when available.
        Damn this makes sense, especially with Gen 8 focusing on battling as an entertainment event.
            Except for alola
        It depends on region. For reference, the pharmaceutal system in backwoods regions like johto are so broken that a gym leader has to rely on random passerby for medicine for a sickness that is only a little bit nonstandard, and a farm has no ability to cure their own dairy cows. Its clear the vet care in at least one region isn’t universal. In sinnoh you’re literally unable to purchase better healing items from stores that definitely already have it until you’ve proven yourself to be a seriously competitive trainer. Vet Healthcare thus increases if you’re a trainer
        Why would you assume pokemon human health care is as borked as American Healthcare? You know there are many countries that don't have borked Healthcare, including Japan, the country that originated pokemon.
        > Just as borked as things are in real life

As borked as things are in America*

FTFY
            Sorry for the bother, but what does FTFY mean?
                FTFY means "Fixed This For You"
                Never any bother! Other guy hit the nail on the head, "Fixed That/This For You".

I usually see it being used with a slightly sarcastic tongue in cheek edit of another quote. (Like me, a europoor calling American healthcare, well, shit.)
                    Thanks for telling me!
        Do items not work on humans too I know the drink  heals the guard in red and drinks restore hp, also aren’t humans Pokémon too?
            The tea you give the guard doesn't heal him. He's falling asleep and the caffeine wakes him up.
                i believe they're referring to items like freshwater and lemonade, not the tea you give the guards
                No way that’s enough caffeine
        Spoken like a capitalist dog. Comrade Alexa, play our Soviet anthem.
        I always assumed something similar. Pokémon are being forced(?) to fight in battles. The least they deserve is free healthcare. Looking at you, UFC.
        Can I steal this for my fanfic?
        My headcanon is that it is NOT this because I go to this fantasy world to escape such things. (Also because if this was true a ten year old would have kicked their ass by now.)
        And they offer free meals and overnight stays for trainers because that makes people more willing to take the time off for the traveling, yeah? See the world and don't worry about hotels doing it, just be in charge of your own transportation.
        I think it's time to take up man-to-man combat as a sport for that free healthcare then.
    Remember that they're an evil team. Can you imagine a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform?

And add any gym leader/elite 4/champion that they might end up engaging (cue Lance's Dragonite using Hyper Beam on a grunt inside a store), and you get a compelling reason for some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.
        But the reason why health clinic avoid them is because they are already grunts in the first place?
            Because nothing is more evil than socialized medicine

/s (just in case)
            More like the teams avoid the health clinics to reduce any attention they might give to themselves if they end up injured in any possible operations they might be in.
                >some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.

This imply that the team leaders use health benefits to recruit grunts. This is thanks to

>a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform

However, if they are not grunts in the first place, there is no reason to avoid health clinic so there's no reason to join evil team to get health benefit and the cycle continue. Granted, you could argue that they are already thug that needed the evil doctors or that the evil team have health clinics so there's no need to weigh your options regarding health care. That isn't what I picked up from your comment unfortunately.
        It makes sense for Galactic to offer benefits, they run an electricity company. Same with Aether Foundation and Macro Cosmos who run legitimate businesses and whose employees might not be immediately suspected of evil doing. Flare doesn't need to, you need to be rich already to join and avoid the apocalypse. Rocket is seen having fake businesses to cover their activities, those businesses could be used to potentially provide benefits. Team Yell is also employed by a gym so they should be convered under whatever plan Spikemuth Gym/The Pokemon League provides. If anyone is really concerned about being seen, they can go out of uniform and probably evade notice. 

I can't see it making sense for Magma/Aqua, New Team Rocket, Plasma (except for the good off shoot in b2w2- no way Ghetsis would provide insurance), or Skull at all.
            I can see Magma/Aqua having some good medical care in their base though
            Rocket runs business fronts though like the casino
            Flare’s cover is the kalosian pokeball producing company
            B/w original plasma always seemed like an ideology driven group at least on the bottom. Think a megachurch mixed with PETA.
    Imagining Pokémon like weapons/guns and Pokémon center are places they fixes up them.
    The humans have free healthcare op must be American
    So are pokemon centres vet clinics? They could be mechanic shops too, because many Pokemon are based on machines.
Or like with Team Rocket in the anime where they signed up because 'I have nowhere else to go...'.

You kinda get the impression from the dialogue of the grunts in-game that they just took the job because they were desperate for money and/or glory.
[deleted]
    True, in the Pokemon world 10 year olds can legally carry weapons of mass destruction, but even they surely have universal healthcare.
        Not to mention fully funded stem cell research. Have you SEEN how quickly Pokemon get healed of their injuries in the centers? Imagine how quickly a place like that could take care of cancers or other human medical problems!
            I mean, one single guy can even clone extinct Pokémon from just a fossil in a matter for hours. I'm sure they control biology to a greater extent than we'll do in real life 1,000 years from now.
                I'm convinced that at least some of the fossil Pokemon are not what they were before they went extinct. I don't mean like the mix ups in SwSh, I mean that it seems unrealistic that all of the fossil Pokemon would be Rock type. I think bringing them back to life has somehow Jurassic Park-ified some of their DNA and resulted in something that isn't exactly what it was then.
                    That’s probably an accurate hypothesis regarding fossil typing.

I imagine part of it might be that some of these Pokémon have had their skeletons ‘calcified’ or otherwise contaminated by minerals from the fossilization process. When they’re reanimated, those minerals become a part of their physiology.
                    My headcanon is that they just have these "fossil" pokemon in the back and just yoink your fossil for profit
                        "Oh wow! This Pokemon went EXTINCT 100 million years ago. ...Anyway, Here it is, as it was. See ya!"
                            “…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
                        It could be like a cooking show lol

"The Poke-Resurrector 2000 takes awhile so we went ahead and had one ready to go for you."
                    On the other side I always believed that the fossils are rock type since it's the typings that can remained usable for longer and it's easier to become fossilized.
                        why would a Rock-type be easier to fossilize?
                            Already kinda rocky?
                    I read that theory a few weeks ago and I'm 100% on board with it. Doesn't take from how impressive resurrecting them is though.
                        Oh agreed. In fact I think it makes it even more interesting, cause it allows for possibly old fossil Pokemon to be added in games that have some kind of past-element (ala PLA) where we get their new "regional form", but really it's just what the thing was before the ressurection process messed it up. Omanyte as just water, etc.
                    I agree, and I think it would be cool if we could get a past focused Pokémon game where we can see the “true” forms of the fossil Pokémon.
                    A few definitely. Anorith (but not armaldo) and the lileep line were probably water rather than rock. Bastiodon, rampardos, carracosta, armaldo, and the Kanto fossils are probably the intended type. Aerodactyl being on Lance's team could indicate flying/dragon with tyrantrum being mono dragon. Aurorus could be mono ice and archeops could be anything plus flying.
                    Here's Mega Aerodactyl's Pokédex entry "Mega Evolution awakened some dormant genes, bringing back the sharp rocks that once covered Aerodactyl's entire body." So you could very well be right.
            Being able to study ditto tissue probably helped cure cancer!
                Also nearly ended the world once, you know. Mewtwo and all that.
            That would be an interesting plot where someone develops the tech to put humans in pokeballs to take advantage of the pokecenter healing tech but comes the problem of potential slavery as a side effect as pokeball usage requires a master-slave contract to form....
                Not to mention that it plays into WAY too many Pokémon fetish fanfics out there for Nintendo to want to touch with a 100 foot pole.
                Business corporate would extremely love this lol


Even worse they probaly produce obsolete balls that need high cost maintenance fee which would make it a roundabout way to like suck money from users.
                It's not necessarily a master slave relationship as it's been shown many times if a pokemon doesn't want to be in the pokeball they can leave on their own (Jessie's Wobbuffet). Also pokemon can choose not to follow orders so they are willing and not forced to do it (Ash's Charizard)
        The only way to stop a bad guy with a world ending weapon of mass destruction is a good ten year old with a weapon of mass destruction
            This ad paid for by the National Pokémon Association.
        You would think but it was the Healthcare Lobby used their Pokemon tech to buy out the governments and squash universal healthcare.
        Not to mention that, so long as the Trainer in question treats said "weapon" well, there's literally nothing to fear from them outside of battles.
            Sounds a bit like "good guy with a gun" to be honest😅
    Most of the Pokemon world only functions if you assume it's a utopia, with the exception of a stray bad guy attempting world domination imo. For the most part, we don't see too many people wanting for anything, doors are never locked, you can enter any house you wish and chat it up with the people living there; people are not living in fear in Pokemon games. 

It seems that most people are fed, that there isn't an absurd amount of financial insecurity, etc.
        Or: nobody is fed, because nobody needs to eat 🤔
            Eating has been a plot point in a few Pokemon games.
            I wouldn’t say nobody, I could go for a Miltank
burger right now
    It certainly seems a lot better. This isn't the right place for one of my rants about everything that's wrong with our country.
In Pokémon Colosseum or XD (don't recall which one), you actually walk in on a Team Snagem grunt discussing benefits with a potential recruit.
    Man Colosseum was so good. Partly because it didn't feel the need to take the same target audience as the base games.
Was gonna make a joke about this being Spain, but public healthcare doesn't cover dental health here, so you still get that from your employer, if anything.

So yeah, I vote for grunts being there for dental benefits.
Team Dim Sun did it, the grunts are so self aware it cracks you up.
I feel like for some of them, especially team galactic, they are kind of cults. The grunts get drawn into some kind of cult of personality and are just willing to do what the leader says.
At least for the Aether foundation and league staff are actual jobs.
Or make it more of a ideological reason to join. 

Could be something like Plasma’s idea of Pokémon liberation. Or could something like a group of angry protests about a factory polluting a lake and all they need is one little spark to go into a full pokemon based riot(maybe even tick off the local Gyrados in the water prompting the hero to calm it down.

Or maybe even an AZ style character who has seen awful things that humanity has done and made an evil team to just try and cause an apocalypse as a do over button with them as the ‘benevolent’ overlord
Team Rocket are a bunch of mafia men, trafficking Pokémon for profit. So money is definitively their motivation. 

Team Magma and Aqua are a little difficult to determine. They’re eco terrorists, but honestly the grunts feel a tad underdeveloped on why they’re there. 

Team Galactic wants to reset the world… Cyrus makes sense, but it’s strange having an army of grunts that are okay with it. 

Team Plasma has some of the most convincing grunts. They think they’re activists doing good. They look past their hypocrisy of being Pokémon trainers as being a necessary evil. This is further explored in BW2 where many former Team Plasma members turned good and are trying to right their wrongs. The more extreme grunts stayed and became more paramilitary. 

Team Flare is similar to the Galactic grunts, BUT their is some subtext to them believing in their cause, they’re a bunch of spoiled rich kids. It costs 5 million poke dollars to join Team Flare. They’re very vain and only support the genocide because they believe they’re building a beautiful world for themselves. They’re a bunch of sociopathic instagram models detached from reality. Granted XY didn’t have the best story, and the Flare grunts aren’t as good as Plasma, but they’re better than Galactic. 

Team Skull has a lot of nuance to them. They’re just Alola’s rejects. They’re insecure and lash out because of that. Guzma is a great symbol for the grunts because he embodies what they believe in most. Be the biggest, be the baddest, and fuck society and culture. 

Team Yell… aren’t even an evil team. They’re annoying sport stans.
    And Guzma is Lucimine's ex-husband.
That works for the US market, but what about other countries?
That would’ve made the most sense in Unova lmao.
No, they signed up for free Wi-Fi lol
tbh organized crime in the real world doesn't get constantly dismantled by 10 yo kids. In fact, most of them are pretty successful.
    Most organized crime isn't trying to unleash some ancient demigod that could destroy the Earth. Several of the evil teams are more like a terrorist cult than your typical mafia. Of course, it's not like 10 year olds have any more success with those.
        Yeah lol everyone aside from Team Yell or Rocket are in literal death cults like ISIS
            We’ve forgotten about Team Skull already?
                I don't know how, Team Skull is literally just a way superior version of Team Yell 😂 They were trashy and iconic
                    Team skull and team yell were different things, though, one's a street gang of people with nowhere else to go, who are almost like a family.


And Team Yell is literally a bunch of hooligans and I love it
                    Team yell was louder, so it makes sense you would remember them first
                Absolutely
                Who?
            Team Skull is just Punk-rock Boys And Girls Club of Alola.
                They were kind of my favorite team. No huge world-ending goals. Just a bunch of misfits who had to drop out of the island challenges because they couldn’t complete it.
                    All they had to say was "the evil team is juggalos" and I was in
                Let them go around battle rapping people in peace
                    B-boying all up in their grillz
            To be fair most teams aren't death cults, they're just lied to or stupid. IIRC only Galactic was a death cult.
                Team flare 👀
                    Flare didn't think *they* would die.   Everyone else would, sure, but the grunts were sold the line that they would inherit the planet afterwards.
                        I mean you can say the same thing about team Galactic, Cyrus knew what he was doing, but the grunts simply think that they are "creating a new and perfect universe", they don't know the details, that theirs would be destroyed and they would bite the dust
                Okay, yeah, extremely stupid to not think getting rid of the oceans or making more of them would kill a lot of people and pokemon lol
                    They knew, they just didn't care, they were racist against sea/land dwellers even if they died in the process
                        So Magma and Aqua are up there in death cult status
                            But still very low on the intelligence chart.
                                Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
                Yeah Galactic is literally trying to destroy the universe.
        Happy cake day!
    But then again, 10 year-old kid in real world don't have fire wyvern, 5000 IQ mutant, violent failed experiment, Barney the dragon, Chinese water dragon and Ditto.
        i mean i can get a chinese water dragon at petco, so that’s 1/6?
            I can probably get the violent failed experiment, we've got 2/6
        Neither did real life criminal organisations, the ones in Pokémon are generally pretty incompetent
            Well, they're supposed to be villains ripped right out of Saturday morning cartoons...
                yeah but this doesn’t let us overanalyze a franchise targeted toward children
        Wyverns don't have arms.
            Can they have hands?

Asking for my boi Noivern
                That's exactly how it is, claws in the wings
        Exactly. It's no real wonder the villain teams get their asses handed to them constantly.
    It's even funnier if you think about the fact that the pokemon universe has a police force that is so insanely inept that a 10 year old has to do their job. Looker is the only one who is even remotely competent.
        Except for in the Galar region. The region where, because of the Switch's graphics, they could have gone full ham with the cutscenes and massive, world ending battles. And they decided to have all of the cool shit, like wild dynamax pokemon, happen off screen.
    Fun fact. None of the protagonist are 10. The 10 years old thing is exlusive to the anime.
        Gen 5 protagonists look like they're around 16
    Though to be fair, the 10 year old in question is also the strongest trainer ever in each instance.
    I'm sure there are some companies out there that were shut down by 10 year old kids, but in the grand scheme of how many corrupt companies there are in the world you'd never take notice
    And even when they´re dismantled, unless the rot causes are fixed, there will always be another crime syndicate. See Mexico’s cartels for example.
    Well maybe start giving our 10 year olds some fire breathing dragons and see what happens.
    Yea. For example, some of the current biggest World "Leaders".
    never heard of a single organized crime group trying to summon a legendary pokemon
        Scientology, probably.
If anything large acts of crime being announced on the news only encourage further crime
Then again most of evil team members, even leaders never get in any trouble outside of a few evil teams
They're actually more like 17/18 since one character (I forgot their name) says you're older than her, and her age is stated to be 16
    to be fair, you could have 2 16-year-olds where one is older than the other.
    Shauna
    Do you have a source for this? I can't find anywhere that says that Shauna is 16, nor any text which states the player character is older than her in the games (though that is assumed).

The only information I can find is the Japanese pokemon wiki, which states she's "Over 10 (?)".

I very much doubt the characters are 16, let alone 18. I can see Shauna being around 12 and the protagonists being 13 or 14 maybe, but I can't find any official information.
        So it turns out after a bit of searching to remember where did I read/heard this from, it was not Shauna who says you're older than her, but *Emma* who says that. Her age is stated to be 16, which puts Calem/Serena to be around 17/18

And dude, have you *seen* how Calem and Serena look? They're pretty tall and slightly mature-looking as hell going by their official art. No way you can reasonably say they're 13-14 with those looks
            Very nice catch with Emma! I totally forgot she existed. She is definitely confirmed to be 16.

It's a bit of a stretch, but can you find anywhere it specifically states the player is older than her though? I'm struggling here.

And yes, to me both Calem and Serena definitely look around 14.
                So it *also* turns out there actually isn't a quote where Emma says you're older than her. It was me misremembering quotes from the Looker Sidequest. 

During the part where you're going through the back alleys of Lumiose City, upon getting into a battle with the kids that can be found there, some of them say things like "No grown-ups allowed!" before battle, even though they let Emma stay there just fine (probably cause she's actually homeless)

So logically you *must* be either older than Emma or the same age as her, cause otherwise they wouldn't be saying things like that (why would they call a fellow 13/14-year old a grown-up?)
                    This is some good sleuthing!

While I'm not quite willing to judge a character's age off some kids saying "no grown-ups allowed", the argument definitely makes sense.

I'm not quite convinced though, since kids say stuff like that all the time and to anyone. Your player character could simply be 14 and happen to be taller than them, making them think you were older. Or the kids could just be much younger, around 10.
Emma, despite being 16, is considerably shorter than the player character, so maybe the kids just let her in thinking she was closer to their age, again based on height.
Pretty sure BW and BW2 are 15 and 16 or something too.
    14 in both
        Hilbert and Hilda are now 16.
            Yeah im talking about when they were protags. Both bw and bw2 protagonists are 14, 16 in bw2 in the case of hilbert/hilda
                Oops, sorry.
                    Np i kinda fumbled over my words lol
Man I wish we could select what age our protagonist was
    I wish there was an easy way to figure out the canonical age of every protag
        Yeah, you always have to go off dialogue, or stuff in a random interview or magazine
From what I've heard they where 18 actually
Both sets of Unova protags are up there in age as well.
    Arent the SMUSUN protags about 15 as well? It seems that from Gen 5 up the protags seem to have gone up in age
        Kukui or Hala says they’re 11, I think during the festival on the first island
        I’m pretty sure they’re 11.
    They’re 14 iirc
        Bulbapedia has them both listed as age 11.
Most of evil teams from RR didn’t actually win.

Platinum established that Cyrus’ plan could never work as long as the Distortion World existed and he can’t destroy that without destroying the regular universe. It’s also stated that Giratina showed up to take him before he got sucked into RR, although Giratina might not have shown mercy to him in that universe considering he most likely murdered the Lake Trio. That Cyrus never got the chance to find out that his plan could not work and Giratina probably grabbed him again after Colress sent everyone back. 

It is heavily implied that Archie and Maxie were moments away from dying before getting sucked into RR. Archie getting consumed by the waves while Maxie was about to fall into lava. They probably resumed dying after getting sent back. Rayquaza and the other legendary probably restored the world afterwards, although water Pokemon or land Pokemon and Humans were presumably devastated due to Maxie and Archie.

Ghetsis is implied to have gone through the same mental breakdown that he went through in BW2, the one that left him unable to do anything else. Taking that into consideration and Team Plasma being unable to realistically separate people and Pokemon in Unova, let alone the world, and its safe to say his plans fell apart after he was sent back, especially with N either being dead or turning against him. Even one of the Shadow Triad brought up in BW2 that many Pokemon might have chosen to go back to their trainers if they were separated and released. 

Lysandre didn’t get the chance to fire the ultimate weapon, he was pulled into RR moments before he could do anything with it. I might be assuming things but I don’t think Colress sent Lysandre back with the ultimate weapon. 

We honestly don’t know much about RR Giovanni. Does he just rule Kanto from the shadows in his universe? What happened to make him go from crime boss to a generic evil team leader that wants to rule several worlds? Mega Mewtwo or not, he is not unstoppable and probably knows his limits. I can’t see him trying to invade and conquer other regions while relying on Grunts.
I would love a game where the evil team won in a post apocalyptic setting and you're like prophesized to be the chosen one so they give you a starter and you battle your way through the resistence members which would be undergroud group(replacing gyms) to prove that you can defeat the evil team and instead of the league you would fight the evil team.
bah, I discard that as a plot device to give you fantasy encounters with all previous bosses.
    That's exactly what it is, but it still adds to the canon
Youd think that creating a biological weapon, summoning a giant whale or doing some shenanigans with a different universe would make the news
    “Breaking News: Millionaire and Galar League executive Chairman Rose was apprehended last night for trying to destroy the world, but no one gives a shit about that. Tonight’s top story: Pokémon Eggs: Just where do they come from?”
        That's actually a show I would stop to see... Where the hell do they come from?
            And it would be hosted by the Safari Zone and show an educational documentary of a trainer trying to con their Aerodactyl to force fuck an Altaria so the offspring have a chance at hatching shiny with dragonbreath
A Team Plasma grunt in N's Castle mentioned that they stayed underground to avoid the detection and failure the previous evil teams suffered in B/W.
    "Team Galactic and Team Rocket drew too much attention to themselves. That's why their plans were thwarted."
I feel like this got broken in legends Arceus. NPCs commonly reference their roots in Galar and other regions
A necessary evil, to be sure. Taking part in evil affairs that'd doom your entire home and possibly world, but if you're going to do that, you might as well get paid for it.
    And if you’re incompetent enough at your job, everything will be just fine.
They're like that because they're supposed to be as blank and as irredeemable as possible. That's why all the males and females look the same, and none of them have any names.

The NPC Trainers are actual people you live among, while the villain team grunts are just enemies for you to knock down.
Usually this kind of stuff you find more in Pokémon hacks

Pokémon team rocket edition for example
Zeke liked it
It’s tough to have a team Yell without voice dialogue
    Tell that to Piers.
    It was really awkward. It's odd how the games are 3D now, but besides the OST and the cries of the creatures, everything in the world is just dead silent. Piers is introduced singing but literally nothing comes out of his mouth. ...What?
        What makes it even worse is that all the way back in BW2 Roxie was actually singing words. Granted she was just spelling out and saying Pokemon, but that was so amazing to hear on the DS for 12 year old me .
They weren't evil though. They were really avid supporters for their home team (Marnie).

Not every organization must be some evil team looking to take over the world or something.
Team Yell weren't villains though. They were just the Pokeverse version of football hooligans. They weren't there to change the story particularly, they were just part of fleshing out the culture of the region.
They were as important as rocks in previous game
Team Yell was underwhelming at best. C'mon guys steal a pokemon or something
    They were like goth cheerleaders.
        And that's why they are perfect
            They done nothing wrong, ever, and i love them
    Team Yell are only an 'evil' team in the sense that they keep disrupting your league challange. Macro Cosmos are the evil team of SwSh.
    They weren't supposed to be evil. They were pretty much soccer hooligans because England. Them being a fake out to take suspicion away from Chairman Rose is just icing on the cake. Team Yell is one of the best parts of Sword/Shield.
        > Them being a fake out to take suspicion away from Chairman Rose is just icing on the cake.

Did they? The first look I had at Rose I knew he was the villain, and the ineffectual shenanigans of Team Yell didn't sell them as a credible threat to me. Frankly I would have been more surprised if Team Yell was the ultimate villain after all.

I don't mind them though, they are funny.
            Not so much in the game, more so in marketing. They were revealed well before the game came out and Rose and his goons weren't. Then the game came out and it was immediately clear that Yell was just a bunch of dorks. I like them.
        they just tried to be team skull
            Oh for sure but Team Skull is the best.
Then it's a perfect plan because they're so hot nobody would go against them. Like daddy Turo please let me join your evil team 🥵🥵🥵
The potential professors could have last names related to trees/plants e.g. Samuel Oak, Aurea Juniper, and Augustine Sycamore.
Yeah, but Guzma was working with Lusamine to a certain extent. He was her husband and the father of her kids.
    ...... Huuuuh, no??? Guzma is not her husband LOL.
        He may not be her husband, but I'm pretty sure he's the father of her two kids though.
            ..... No, Mohn is their father, bruh.
Would I be right in thinking the Phobos Battalion would be applicable as well?
    Oh yeah the bad guys from Pokémon Link! I totally forgot about them.
If we are mentioning side-games Team Break somehow took several champions and gym leaders to take down. They literally were regular trainers with weird sunglasses
    I guess they were kinda threatening for the 2 miliseconds they had hoopa. (also lear in the main games when?)
    Tbf, we have never seen a proper team Break guy haven't we? And they are clearly still operational somehow so yeah.
Or Team Great Rocket
TBF, they can only face evil orgs with a pokemon too
I guess the Pokémon League just don't expect criminal organizations of all things to interrupt their tournaments. So, when it does happen, they don't know what to do because they never prepared for it, forcing you to deal with the problem instead.
Because they don't really care about history and only think of themselves and what's happening in the moment. And that, I believe, is why nothing will ever really change, neither in real life nor in the world of Pokémon.

All you can do is learn from history yourself, so you don't end up becoming just as careless and self-centered as those in power.
It bothers me that our rival in Scarlet/Voilet looks like she's in her late(r) teens...

I wanna be in my late teens too dammit...
    I actually haven’t watched the trailer yet (been busy), did we get a look at our character? Are they kid kids or older like XY ?
        They look 10-12 at most.
            Dammit
Why can't they give us the option? It isn't like it would effect the story at all if you could choose from three body types (preteen, teen, older teen).

I mean, I know why. It's extra work they don't want to do. I still dislike it.
    They really should. Just another part of inclusion. Though I'd be happy with just difficulty settings for us older players...
The XY protags are said to be 17/18 and the BW1&2 protags are 15/16 actually
    Most interesting
    Would you mind linking a source for the XY protags? I can't find anywhere where it's officially stated they are 17/18. The only thing we know is that they are at least 10. They certainly don't seem like they're designed to look over 13 or 14.

As for the B/W protagonists, we know from an official fan-meeting with the game developers just before the launch of BW2 that **Hilbert, Hilda, Cheren and Bianca are all 14 and N is 20**. They didn't state whether that is during BW1 or BW2, but given the context we assume it to be talking about BW1. Source is [here.](http://raim2005.blog18.fc2.com/blog-entry-980.html) 

That would make Rosa and Nate also 14, but the aforementioned all 16 during the events of BW2.
It'd be nice, but that's never going to happen. This franchise is meant to appeal to children and teens, first and foremost.
Play Colosseum.
"Unless we're in a different version, at which point we'll fight that version with that version!"
[deleted]
    Team skull steals money and pokemon from people and attacked and took over a town....
        [deleted]
            Okay that doesn't change what they did lmfao. ??? It's literally not arguable
                [deleted]
                    🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Considering the future and past theme with the legendaries? Don't hold your breath.
    Imagine if one team wants to reverse time so they can be with their loved ones who died and the other team wants to go foward in the hopes that the world will be better 1000 years in the future.
Didn't Ultra Sun and Moon have a team that was basically robots, but they weren't evil? Instead of the whole circular motion, rainbow "Alola" greeting, they even did it as a rectangular motion.
    Did they? I didn’t play ultra, so I wouldn’t know
        The ultra recon squad. That’s their name.
Congratulations, take a cookie and Arven's tears
    LOOK I JUST WANTED SOME COOL ROBOTS, NOT THAT MUCH EMOTIONAL DAMAGE
17/18 in XY
    Their ages are still pretty ambiguous but you're right, I'd put them nearer thd older side of teen.
    SwSh characters are 19
        No I think they are 15 as well actually
            Incorrects "whilst the ages aren't known it is believed that they are 17 - 19 years of age"
                Can you source that?
Take notes Nintendo
Yeah. Except my minimum age guess is at the very least 15. It's just nonsensical how people believe that the protagonist is a literal child. Hell, in Platinum, the protagonist BUYS A HOUSE. AND FURNITURE.
    Well we know that red and the sun and moon protagonist were 11 and we know that the Calem and Serena were at least 17 in the games and that hilbert and hilda were both 14
I have only read a couple books from each manga but yeah you're right, they're also just downright way more evil. Lots of actual attempted 10 yr old killing too.
I don't think a couple rivals can carry the whole story. Sword and Shield mostly did that but if we didn't have Rose and Eternatus it would be kinda anticlimatic.
    I mean. Sword and shield barely had a story anyway.
        It had a story. It was mostly a story about a sports competition.
Funny, in Red/Blue the protagonist was 11as stated by the booklet. However, the remake didn't make any mention of his age.
Source for the SwSh protagonists? Nowhere is their age officially stated.

As far as we know they could actually be 10 - Leon's league card stated that he took the gym challenge at age 10 and won, so it's not too much of a stretch to assume that Hop and the player character are also both 10 when they set out on their journey. 

I think most people assume they're somewhere between 12 and 14.
Team Yell had a well-thought out goal! Cheering for Marnie! And they succeeded!
Murdered with what? We are the one with the fierce giant beasts. 

Don't bother saying "gun", my Inteleon can tank a steel beam and then shoot them back in the head.
    True the kids are basically  summoner mages with insanely distructive power, people wouldn't bother developing guns when they have city destroying sentient weapons in their back pocket
    I think y’all are misunderstanding me. I’m saying if this was real, a real bad guy wouldn’t even entertain a battle. He’d just have the kid killed. The kid isn’t the only person who’s a summoner and can call in powerful beasts. These bosses have literal bases with hundreds of minions (each with their own summoning power) running around. If i’m trying to take over a galaxy for example, why have all my minions and then me each battle this kid one at a time, introducing the possibility of failure, when we can all call out our pokémon at once and have them all target the kid.

The point I’m making is the bad guys aren’t trying to rob a bank. They’re trying to like, *control space and time* and shit. Anyone who was truly trying to do that would not approach these 10 year old kids the way the game does lol
        I think y’all are misunderstanding me. I’m saying if this was real, a real bad guy wouldn’t even entertain a battle. He’d just have the kid killed. The kid isn’t the only person who’s a summoner and can call in powerful beasts. These bosses have literal bases with hundreds of minions (each with their own summoning power) running around. If i’m trying to take over a galaxy for example, why have all my minions and then me each battle this kid one at a time, introducing the possibility of failure, when we can all call out our pokémon at once and have them all target the kid. And when the corpse is disposed of, I can go back to taking over the world unbothered.

The point I’m making is the bad guys aren’t trying to rob a bank. They’re trying to like, *control space and time* and shit. Anyone who was truly trying to do that would not approach these 10 year old kids the way the game does lol.
        I get what you mean but I don't think it'd be so easy for them. First of all because the leader wouldn't know who we are until we become a significant threat. They are trying to *control space and time*, they don't have time to deal with every kid that their incompetent goons can't handle. Also, we keep on the move so even if they tried to chase after us that by itself would take some work. By the time we are a credible threat to the entire organization we are strong enough to take on their stronger enforcers, we usually even raid their bases by ourselves.
            I get you, but that’s the whole point Im a making. A 10 year old kid would never be able raid a complete and powerful base of *tens or hundreds of trainers*. That just would not happen in real life. After you beat like the first 2, they’d sound an alarm and people would literally just jump you in droves lol. Folks won’t line up to battle, they’ll crowd and kill. Control of *literal TIME is at stake*. And if they lost any such battle, they wouldn’t…you know, stand there like they do in the game.

It’s already been established (in life and in media) bad guys don’t play fair, but the game implies that they do. All i’m saying is that would not be the case in real life. Sure, the kid might not play fair either, but the kid is 10. And heavily outnumbered by adults. 

Corpse homie. Corpse.
                A battle is a battle. These are turn based games but there are no reason to assume people are just waiting politely and taking turns and throwing mock fireworks. The reason why most of them don't rush in, is because if you try to just rush a Charizard you might be burned into a crisp, and not even criminals would be so inclined to throw their lives that easily.

In real life maybe things would be different, but pokémon isn't real life. Not only there are fantastical creatures, it seems like most people don't have the skills to wrangle however many strong pokémon they can get their hands on, which is why you mostly meet trainers with a couple weak pokémon. The player grows to become the regional champion of commanding ferocious creatures, it's a bit weird that no adults can be a match against them but you can't discount their own capabilities.
                    Have a good one bro
Yeah but how many of those were stopped by literal children?
    It doesn't matter who stops it or how it's stopped if the next person thinks they can do it better.  It's how the world works.
        You can't be certain though because none of these issues are stopped by somehow who may or may not still wet the bed
            I am 1000% positive children have stopped or helped stop crimes before, and just as positive those crimes still happen.  I can't look up a specific instance as of now but will edit this later when I can if no one has looked up an example for me.  Crime doesn't stop because people, no matter the person, stop them.  If a person has the drive to commit a criminal act for a goal they want, and are willing and have the means, they will do it.  

Not to mention the organizations in most pokemon games succeed alot and are only beaten in the final round of their plan, which if anything feels like it would be more motivating because people would think, "I just need to prepare for the end most, I'll be better then those before me."

You also have to remember its still a rare thing in their world.  Only happened 8-15ish times we know of give or take.  It's not like children being that strong is common, nor is the terrorist groups in the grand scheme of that world.

I'm more shocked that there aren't more terrorist groups with the seeming lack of most law enforcement in most games past *insert champion of region here* and *insert Main Character and maybe friends here*

------------------
Edit: and general trigger warning ig?  It is crimes happening. Also want to say some situations I question wondering how a child had access to certain things, like a gun, but they managed to stop a crime with it or threat of it so listing it right here anyway.  This is also not a list to glorify putting yourself into dangerous situations kids, seriously you could get hurt or worse if you get put into these situations, don't needlessly jump into them.

Video of a 12 year old physically helping to stop a robbery: https://youtu.be/uPk62AWP8cM

Article of a 7 year old stopping a robbery (albeit accidentally so take it as you will whether it counts ig): https://www.fox13news.com/news/police-screaming-child-stops-dunkin-donuts-attempted-robbery

11 year old in alabama being interviewed after stopping a home invasion:  https://youtu.be/G7OshCHsfJI

Article about a 12 year old shoots (fatally, and in self defense) robber after they broke into home and shot his grandmother: https://abc7.com/goldboro-police-goldsboro-break-in-s-william-street-shooting-12-year-old-shoots-at-home-intruders/10339097/

Admittedly they didnt stop the crime but honestly just respect the shit out of the bravery.  Article and sort of blurry video of 9 year old rushing to help fight off her mothers purse snatcher, under threat of being "popped" https://www.fox5ny.com/news/9-year-old-girl-fights-off-suspected-robber-to-protect-mom
                Nah
                    K
                        I'm sorry but i can't take "just trust me bro" seriously
                            Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
                                Nah
Cipher I believe was in the Colosseum games, and the Aether Foundation is >!the plot twist evil group of Sun/Moon and Ultra Sun/Ultra Moon.!<
Team Plasma? They wanted to create an equal world for both humans and pokemon, but they went about accomplishing that by being essentially eco-terrorists.
    Yeah they were the one team that was as close to morally sound, but in the end it was really just Ghetsis who was doing his whole plan behind the guise of "equality for all pokemon and people"
        EQUALITY FOR ALL! Equality in being frozen into icicles I mean what?
Giovanni voiced by Clancy Brown when? Because Moneymoneymoney.
My current headcanon is that Pokemon Centers are funded by the Pokemon League itself, and they only do it as a marketing ploy to make people more willing to take up battling, therefore increasing the amount of trainers in the world, and therefore increasing the amount of people trying to participate in the League.  Without the centers I imagine very few people would actually consider taking up battling since it would also mean they'd have to put resources into the actual health care of their own team, meaning nobody but the most hardcore enthusiasts or people who do it out of necessity (such as researchers who'd have to do field work to study wild Pokemon) would pick it up.

Therefore, since the Pokemon Centers are funded as a subsidiary to a larger organization only for the benefit of that organization, that means the actual human health care system is a separate thing entirely and is likely just as borked as things are in real life.
    True, I did a no pokecenter run before and potions get expensive fast when they are your only healing options lol
        I mean there are ocassions where a kind old lady just lets you take a nap at her house and everyone wakes up fully healed. 

I feel like Pokémon centers *are* connected to the Pokémon league, but they’re also just a hospital in general for Pokémon that’s free.
            My favorite is the ace trainer in the cave at X who let’s you sleep in her tent for the night.
                I don't remember, sounds saucy.
        Berries
        How did you restore the PP of your moves? Did you regularly grow Leppa Berries and hope to find Elixirs?
            Yeah I planted a bunch of Leppa berries and used ethers/elixirs when available.
    Damn this makes sense, especially with Gen 8 focusing on battling as an entertainment event.
        Except for alola
    It depends on region. For reference, the pharmaceutal system in backwoods regions like johto are so broken that a gym leader has to rely on random passerby for medicine for a sickness that is only a little bit nonstandard, and a farm has no ability to cure their own dairy cows. Its clear the vet care in at least one region isn’t universal. In sinnoh you’re literally unable to purchase better healing items from stores that definitely already have it until you’ve proven yourself to be a seriously competitive trainer. Vet Healthcare thus increases if you’re a trainer
    Why would you assume pokemon human health care is as borked as American Healthcare? You know there are many countries that don't have borked Healthcare, including Japan, the country that originated pokemon.
    > Just as borked as things are in real life

As borked as things are in America*

FTFY
        Sorry for the bother, but what does FTFY mean?
            FTFY means "Fixed This For You"
            Never any bother! Other guy hit the nail on the head, "Fixed That/This For You".

I usually see it being used with a slightly sarcastic tongue in cheek edit of another quote. (Like me, a europoor calling American healthcare, well, shit.)
                Thanks for telling me!
    Do items not work on humans too I know the drink  heals the guard in red and drinks restore hp, also aren’t humans Pokémon too?
        The tea you give the guard doesn't heal him. He's falling asleep and the caffeine wakes him up.
            i believe they're referring to items like freshwater and lemonade, not the tea you give the guards
            No way that’s enough caffeine
    Spoken like a capitalist dog. Comrade Alexa, play our Soviet anthem.
    I always assumed something similar. Pokémon are being forced(?) to fight in battles. The least they deserve is free healthcare. Looking at you, UFC.
    Can I steal this for my fanfic?
    My headcanon is that it is NOT this because I go to this fantasy world to escape such things. (Also because if this was true a ten year old would have kicked their ass by now.)
    And they offer free meals and overnight stays for trainers because that makes people more willing to take the time off for the traveling, yeah? See the world and don't worry about hotels doing it, just be in charge of your own transportation.
    I think it's time to take up man-to-man combat as a sport for that free healthcare then.
Remember that they're an evil team. Can you imagine a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform?

And add any gym leader/elite 4/champion that they might end up engaging (cue Lance's Dragonite using Hyper Beam on a grunt inside a store), and you get a compelling reason for some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.
    But the reason why health clinic avoid them is because they are already grunts in the first place?
        Because nothing is more evil than socialized medicine

/s (just in case)
        More like the teams avoid the health clinics to reduce any attention they might give to themselves if they end up injured in any possible operations they might be in.
            >some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.

This imply that the team leaders use health benefits to recruit grunts. This is thanks to

>a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform

However, if they are not grunts in the first place, there is no reason to avoid health clinic so there's no reason to join evil team to get health benefit and the cycle continue. Granted, you could argue that they are already thug that needed the evil doctors or that the evil team have health clinics so there's no need to weigh your options regarding health care. That isn't what I picked up from your comment unfortunately.
    It makes sense for Galactic to offer benefits, they run an electricity company. Same with Aether Foundation and Macro Cosmos who run legitimate businesses and whose employees might not be immediately suspected of evil doing. Flare doesn't need to, you need to be rich already to join and avoid the apocalypse. Rocket is seen having fake businesses to cover their activities, those businesses could be used to potentially provide benefits. Team Yell is also employed by a gym so they should be convered under whatever plan Spikemuth Gym/The Pokemon League provides. If anyone is really concerned about being seen, they can go out of uniform and probably evade notice. 

I can't see it making sense for Magma/Aqua, New Team Rocket, Plasma (except for the good off shoot in b2w2- no way Ghetsis would provide insurance), or Skull at all.
        I can see Magma/Aqua having some good medical care in their base though
        Rocket runs business fronts though like the casino
        Flare’s cover is the kalosian pokeball producing company
        B/w original plasma always seemed like an ideology driven group at least on the bottom. Think a megachurch mixed with PETA.
Imagining Pokémon like weapons/guns and Pokémon center are places they fixes up them.
The humans have free healthcare op must be American
So are pokemon centres vet clinics? They could be mechanic shops too, because many Pokemon are based on machines.
True, in the Pokemon world 10 year olds can legally carry weapons of mass destruction, but even they surely have universal healthcare.
    Not to mention fully funded stem cell research. Have you SEEN how quickly Pokemon get healed of their injuries in the centers? Imagine how quickly a place like that could take care of cancers or other human medical problems!
        I mean, one single guy can even clone extinct Pokémon from just a fossil in a matter for hours. I'm sure they control biology to a greater extent than we'll do in real life 1,000 years from now.
            I'm convinced that at least some of the fossil Pokemon are not what they were before they went extinct. I don't mean like the mix ups in SwSh, I mean that it seems unrealistic that all of the fossil Pokemon would be Rock type. I think bringing them back to life has somehow Jurassic Park-ified some of their DNA and resulted in something that isn't exactly what it was then.
                That’s probably an accurate hypothesis regarding fossil typing.

I imagine part of it might be that some of these Pokémon have had their skeletons ‘calcified’ or otherwise contaminated by minerals from the fossilization process. When they’re reanimated, those minerals become a part of their physiology.
                My headcanon is that they just have these "fossil" pokemon in the back and just yoink your fossil for profit
                    "Oh wow! This Pokemon went EXTINCT 100 million years ago. ...Anyway, Here it is, as it was. See ya!"
                        “…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
                    It could be like a cooking show lol

"The Poke-Resurrector 2000 takes awhile so we went ahead and had one ready to go for you."
                On the other side I always believed that the fossils are rock type since it's the typings that can remained usable for longer and it's easier to become fossilized.
                    why would a Rock-type be easier to fossilize?
                        Already kinda rocky?
                I read that theory a few weeks ago and I'm 100% on board with it. Doesn't take from how impressive resurrecting them is though.
                    Oh agreed. In fact I think it makes it even more interesting, cause it allows for possibly old fossil Pokemon to be added in games that have some kind of past-element (ala PLA) where we get their new "regional form", but really it's just what the thing was before the ressurection process messed it up. Omanyte as just water, etc.
                I agree, and I think it would be cool if we could get a past focused Pokémon game where we can see the “true” forms of the fossil Pokémon.
                A few definitely. Anorith (but not armaldo) and the lileep line were probably water rather than rock. Bastiodon, rampardos, carracosta, armaldo, and the Kanto fossils are probably the intended type. Aerodactyl being on Lance's team could indicate flying/dragon with tyrantrum being mono dragon. Aurorus could be mono ice and archeops could be anything plus flying.
                Here's Mega Aerodactyl's Pokédex entry "Mega Evolution awakened some dormant genes, bringing back the sharp rocks that once covered Aerodactyl's entire body." So you could very well be right.
        Being able to study ditto tissue probably helped cure cancer!
            Also nearly ended the world once, you know. Mewtwo and all that.
        That would be an interesting plot where someone develops the tech to put humans in pokeballs to take advantage of the pokecenter healing tech but comes the problem of potential slavery as a side effect as pokeball usage requires a master-slave contract to form....
            Not to mention that it plays into WAY too many Pokémon fetish fanfics out there for Nintendo to want to touch with a 100 foot pole.
            Business corporate would extremely love this lol


Even worse they probaly produce obsolete balls that need high cost maintenance fee which would make it a roundabout way to like suck money from users.
            It's not necessarily a master slave relationship as it's been shown many times if a pokemon doesn't want to be in the pokeball they can leave on their own (Jessie's Wobbuffet). Also pokemon can choose not to follow orders so they are willing and not forced to do it (Ash's Charizard)
    The only way to stop a bad guy with a world ending weapon of mass destruction is a good ten year old with a weapon of mass destruction
        This ad paid for by the National Pokémon Association.
    You would think but it was the Healthcare Lobby used their Pokemon tech to buy out the governments and squash universal healthcare.
    Not to mention that, so long as the Trainer in question treats said "weapon" well, there's literally nothing to fear from them outside of battles.
        Sounds a bit like "good guy with a gun" to be honest😅
Most of the Pokemon world only functions if you assume it's a utopia, with the exception of a stray bad guy attempting world domination imo. For the most part, we don't see too many people wanting for anything, doors are never locked, you can enter any house you wish and chat it up with the people living there; people are not living in fear in Pokemon games. 

It seems that most people are fed, that there isn't an absurd amount of financial insecurity, etc.
    Or: nobody is fed, because nobody needs to eat 🤔
        Eating has been a plot point in a few Pokemon games.
        I wouldn’t say nobody, I could go for a Miltank
burger right now
It certainly seems a lot better. This isn't the right place for one of my rants about everything that's wrong with our country.
Man Colosseum was so good. Partly because it didn't feel the need to take the same target audience as the base games.
And Guzma is Lucimine's ex-husband.
Most organized crime isn't trying to unleash some ancient demigod that could destroy the Earth. Several of the evil teams are more like a terrorist cult than your typical mafia. Of course, it's not like 10 year olds have any more success with those.
    Yeah lol everyone aside from Team Yell or Rocket are in literal death cults like ISIS
        We’ve forgotten about Team Skull already?
            I don't know how, Team Skull is literally just a way superior version of Team Yell 😂 They were trashy and iconic
                Team skull and team yell were different things, though, one's a street gang of people with nowhere else to go, who are almost like a family.


And Team Yell is literally a bunch of hooligans and I love it
                Team yell was louder, so it makes sense you would remember them first
            Absolutely
            Who?
        Team Skull is just Punk-rock Boys And Girls Club of Alola.
            They were kind of my favorite team. No huge world-ending goals. Just a bunch of misfits who had to drop out of the island challenges because they couldn’t complete it.
                All they had to say was "the evil team is juggalos" and I was in
            Let them go around battle rapping people in peace
                B-boying all up in their grillz
        To be fair most teams aren't death cults, they're just lied to or stupid. IIRC only Galactic was a death cult.
            Team flare 👀
                Flare didn't think *they* would die.   Everyone else would, sure, but the grunts were sold the line that they would inherit the planet afterwards.
                    I mean you can say the same thing about team Galactic, Cyrus knew what he was doing, but the grunts simply think that they are "creating a new and perfect universe", they don't know the details, that theirs would be destroyed and they would bite the dust
            Okay, yeah, extremely stupid to not think getting rid of the oceans or making more of them would kill a lot of people and pokemon lol
                They knew, they just didn't care, they were racist against sea/land dwellers even if they died in the process
                    So Magma and Aqua are up there in death cult status
                        But still very low on the intelligence chart.
                            Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
            Yeah Galactic is literally trying to destroy the universe.
    Happy cake day!
But then again, 10 year-old kid in real world don't have fire wyvern, 5000 IQ mutant, violent failed experiment, Barney the dragon, Chinese water dragon and Ditto.
    i mean i can get a chinese water dragon at petco, so that’s 1/6?
        I can probably get the violent failed experiment, we've got 2/6
    Neither did real life criminal organisations, the ones in Pokémon are generally pretty incompetent
        Well, they're supposed to be villains ripped right out of Saturday morning cartoons...
            yeah but this doesn’t let us overanalyze a franchise targeted toward children
    Wyverns don't have arms.
        Can they have hands?

Asking for my boi Noivern
            That's exactly how it is, claws in the wings
    Exactly. It's no real wonder the villain teams get their asses handed to them constantly.
It's even funnier if you think about the fact that the pokemon universe has a police force that is so insanely inept that a 10 year old has to do their job. Looker is the only one who is even remotely competent.
    Except for in the Galar region. The region where, because of the Switch's graphics, they could have gone full ham with the cutscenes and massive, world ending battles. And they decided to have all of the cool shit, like wild dynamax pokemon, happen off screen.
Fun fact. None of the protagonist are 10. The 10 years old thing is exlusive to the anime.
    Gen 5 protagonists look like they're around 16
Though to be fair, the 10 year old in question is also the strongest trainer ever in each instance.
I'm sure there are some companies out there that were shut down by 10 year old kids, but in the grand scheme of how many corrupt companies there are in the world you'd never take notice
And even when they´re dismantled, unless the rot causes are fixed, there will always be another crime syndicate. See Mexico’s cartels for example.
Well maybe start giving our 10 year olds some fire breathing dragons and see what happens.
Yea. For example, some of the current biggest World "Leaders".
never heard of a single organized crime group trying to summon a legendary pokemon
    Scientology, probably.
to be fair, you could have 2 16-year-olds where one is older than the other.
Shauna
Do you have a source for this? I can't find anywhere that says that Shauna is 16, nor any text which states the player character is older than her in the games (though that is assumed).

The only information I can find is the Japanese pokemon wiki, which states she's "Over 10 (?)".

I very much doubt the characters are 16, let alone 18. I can see Shauna being around 12 and the protagonists being 13 or 14 maybe, but I can't find any official information.
    So it turns out after a bit of searching to remember where did I read/heard this from, it was not Shauna who says you're older than her, but *Emma* who says that. Her age is stated to be 16, which puts Calem/Serena to be around 17/18

And dude, have you *seen* how Calem and Serena look? They're pretty tall and slightly mature-looking as hell going by their official art. No way you can reasonably say they're 13-14 with those looks
        Very nice catch with Emma! I totally forgot she existed. She is definitely confirmed to be 16.

It's a bit of a stretch, but can you find anywhere it specifically states the player is older than her though? I'm struggling here.

And yes, to me both Calem and Serena definitely look around 14.
            So it *also* turns out there actually isn't a quote where Emma says you're older than her. It was me misremembering quotes from the Looker Sidequest. 

During the part where you're going through the back alleys of Lumiose City, upon getting into a battle with the kids that can be found there, some of them say things like "No grown-ups allowed!" before battle, even though they let Emma stay there just fine (probably cause she's actually homeless)

So logically you *must* be either older than Emma or the same age as her, cause otherwise they wouldn't be saying things like that (why would they call a fellow 13/14-year old a grown-up?)
                This is some good sleuthing!

While I'm not quite willing to judge a character's age off some kids saying "no grown-ups allowed", the argument definitely makes sense.

I'm not quite convinced though, since kids say stuff like that all the time and to anyone. Your player character could simply be 14 and happen to be taller than them, making them think you were older. Or the kids could just be much younger, around 10.
Emma, despite being 16, is considerably shorter than the player character, so maybe the kids just let her in thinking she was closer to their age, again based on height.
14 in both
    Hilbert and Hilda are now 16.
        Yeah im talking about when they were protags. Both bw and bw2 protagonists are 14, 16 in bw2 in the case of hilbert/hilda
            Oops, sorry.
                Np i kinda fumbled over my words lol
I wish there was an easy way to figure out the canonical age of every protag
    Yeah, you always have to go off dialogue, or stuff in a random interview or magazine
Arent the SMUSUN protags about 15 as well? It seems that from Gen 5 up the protags seem to have gone up in age
    Kukui or Hala says they’re 11, I think during the festival on the first island
    I’m pretty sure they’re 11.
They’re 14 iirc
    Bulbapedia has them both listed as age 11.
That's exactly what it is, but it still adds to the canon
“Breaking News: Millionaire and Galar League executive Chairman Rose was apprehended last night for trying to destroy the world, but no one gives a shit about that. Tonight’s top story: Pokémon Eggs: Just where do they come from?”
    That's actually a show I would stop to see... Where the hell do they come from?
        And it would be hosted by the Safari Zone and show an educational documentary of a trainer trying to con their Aerodactyl to force fuck an Altaria so the offspring have a chance at hatching shiny with dragonbreath
"Team Galactic and Team Rocket drew too much attention to themselves. That's why their plans were thwarted."
And if you’re incompetent enough at your job, everything will be just fine.
Tell that to Piers.
It was really awkward. It's odd how the games are 3D now, but besides the OST and the cries of the creatures, everything in the world is just dead silent. Piers is introduced singing but literally nothing comes out of his mouth. ...What?
    What makes it even worse is that all the way back in BW2 Roxie was actually singing words. Granted she was just spelling out and saying Pokemon, but that was so amazing to hear on the DS for 12 year old me .
They were like goth cheerleaders.
    And that's why they are perfect
        They done nothing wrong, ever, and i love them
Team Yell are only an 'evil' team in the sense that they keep disrupting your league challange. Macro Cosmos are the evil team of SwSh.
They weren't supposed to be evil. They were pretty much soccer hooligans because England. Them being a fake out to take suspicion away from Chairman Rose is just icing on the cake. Team Yell is one of the best parts of Sword/Shield.
    > Them being a fake out to take suspicion away from Chairman Rose is just icing on the cake.

Did they? The first look I had at Rose I knew he was the villain, and the ineffectual shenanigans of Team Yell didn't sell them as a credible threat to me. Frankly I would have been more surprised if Team Yell was the ultimate villain after all.

I don't mind them though, they are funny.
        Not so much in the game, more so in marketing. They were revealed well before the game came out and Rose and his goons weren't. Then the game came out and it was immediately clear that Yell was just a bunch of dorks. I like them.
    they just tried to be team skull
        Oh for sure but Team Skull is the best.
...... Huuuuh, no??? Guzma is not her husband LOL.
    He may not be her husband, but I'm pretty sure he's the father of her two kids though.
        ..... No, Mohn is their father, bruh.
Oh yeah the bad guys from Pokémon Link! I totally forgot about them.
I guess they were kinda threatening for the 2 miliseconds they had hoopa. (also lear in the main games when?)
Tbf, we have never seen a proper team Break guy haven't we? And they are clearly still operational somehow so yeah.
I actually haven’t watched the trailer yet (been busy), did we get a look at our character? Are they kid kids or older like XY ?
    They look 10-12 at most.
        Dammit
They really should. Just another part of inclusion. Though I'd be happy with just difficulty settings for us older players...
Most interesting
Would you mind linking a source for the XY protags? I can't find anywhere where it's officially stated they are 17/18. The only thing we know is that they are at least 10. They certainly don't seem like they're designed to look over 13 or 14.

As for the B/W protagonists, we know from an official fan-meeting with the game developers just before the launch of BW2 that **Hilbert, Hilda, Cheren and Bianca are all 14 and N is 20**. They didn't state whether that is during BW1 or BW2, but given the context we assume it to be talking about BW1. Source is [here.](http://raim2005.blog18.fc2.com/blog-entry-980.html) 

That would make Rosa and Nate also 14, but the aforementioned all 16 during the events of BW2.
Team skull steals money and pokemon from people and attacked and took over a town....
    [deleted]
        Okay that doesn't change what they did lmfao. ??? It's literally not arguable
            [deleted]
                🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Imagine if one team wants to reverse time so they can be with their loved ones who died and the other team wants to go foward in the hopes that the world will be better 1000 years in the future.
Did they? I didn’t play ultra, so I wouldn’t know
    The ultra recon squad. That’s their name.
LOOK I JUST WANTED SOME COOL ROBOTS, NOT THAT MUCH EMOTIONAL DAMAGE
Their ages are still pretty ambiguous but you're right, I'd put them nearer thd older side of teen.
SwSh characters are 19
    No I think they are 15 as well actually
        Incorrects "whilst the ages aren't known it is believed that they are 17 - 19 years of age"
            Can you source that?
Well we know that red and the sun and moon protagonist were 11 and we know that the Calem and Serena were at least 17 in the games and that hilbert and hilda were both 14
I mean. Sword and shield barely had a story anyway.
    It had a story. It was mostly a story about a sports competition.
True the kids are basically  summoner mages with insanely distructive power, people wouldn't bother developing guns when they have city destroying sentient weapons in their back pocket
I think y’all are misunderstanding me. I’m saying if this was real, a real bad guy wouldn’t even entertain a battle. He’d just have the kid killed. The kid isn’t the only person who’s a summoner and can call in powerful beasts. These bosses have literal bases with hundreds of minions (each with their own summoning power) running around. If i’m trying to take over a galaxy for example, why have all my minions and then me each battle this kid one at a time, introducing the possibility of failure, when we can all call out our pokémon at once and have them all target the kid.

The point I’m making is the bad guys aren’t trying to rob a bank. They’re trying to like, *control space and time* and shit. Anyone who was truly trying to do that would not approach these 10 year old kids the way the game does lol
    I think y’all are misunderstanding me. I’m saying if this was real, a real bad guy wouldn’t even entertain a battle. He’d just have the kid killed. The kid isn’t the only person who’s a summoner and can call in powerful beasts. These bosses have literal bases with hundreds of minions (each with their own summoning power) running around. If i’m trying to take over a galaxy for example, why have all my minions and then me each battle this kid one at a time, introducing the possibility of failure, when we can all call out our pokémon at once and have them all target the kid. And when the corpse is disposed of, I can go back to taking over the world unbothered.

The point I’m making is the bad guys aren’t trying to rob a bank. They’re trying to like, *control space and time* and shit. Anyone who was truly trying to do that would not approach these 10 year old kids the way the game does lol.
    I get what you mean but I don't think it'd be so easy for them. First of all because the leader wouldn't know who we are until we become a significant threat. They are trying to *control space and time*, they don't have time to deal with every kid that their incompetent goons can't handle. Also, we keep on the move so even if they tried to chase after us that by itself would take some work. By the time we are a credible threat to the entire organization we are strong enough to take on their stronger enforcers, we usually even raid their bases by ourselves.
        I get you, but that’s the whole point Im a making. A 10 year old kid would never be able raid a complete and powerful base of *tens or hundreds of trainers*. That just would not happen in real life. After you beat like the first 2, they’d sound an alarm and people would literally just jump you in droves lol. Folks won’t line up to battle, they’ll crowd and kill. Control of *literal TIME is at stake*. And if they lost any such battle, they wouldn’t…you know, stand there like they do in the game.

It’s already been established (in life and in media) bad guys don’t play fair, but the game implies that they do. All i’m saying is that would not be the case in real life. Sure, the kid might not play fair either, but the kid is 10. And heavily outnumbered by adults. 

Corpse homie. Corpse.
            A battle is a battle. These are turn based games but there are no reason to assume people are just waiting politely and taking turns and throwing mock fireworks. The reason why most of them don't rush in, is because if you try to just rush a Charizard you might be burned into a crisp, and not even criminals would be so inclined to throw their lives that easily.

In real life maybe things would be different, but pokémon isn't real life. Not only there are fantastical creatures, it seems like most people don't have the skills to wrangle however many strong pokémon they can get their hands on, which is why you mostly meet trainers with a couple weak pokémon. The player grows to become the regional champion of commanding ferocious creatures, it's a bit weird that no adults can be a match against them but you can't discount their own capabilities.
                Have a good one bro
It doesn't matter who stops it or how it's stopped if the next person thinks they can do it better.  It's how the world works.
    You can't be certain though because none of these issues are stopped by somehow who may or may not still wet the bed
        I am 1000% positive children have stopped or helped stop crimes before, and just as positive those crimes still happen.  I can't look up a specific instance as of now but will edit this later when I can if no one has looked up an example for me.  Crime doesn't stop because people, no matter the person, stop them.  If a person has the drive to commit a criminal act for a goal they want, and are willing and have the means, they will do it.  

Not to mention the organizations in most pokemon games succeed alot and are only beaten in the final round of their plan, which if anything feels like it would be more motivating because people would think, "I just need to prepare for the end most, I'll be better then those before me."

You also have to remember its still a rare thing in their world.  Only happened 8-15ish times we know of give or take.  It's not like children being that strong is common, nor is the terrorist groups in the grand scheme of that world.

I'm more shocked that there aren't more terrorist groups with the seeming lack of most law enforcement in most games past *insert champion of region here* and *insert Main Character and maybe friends here*

------------------
Edit: and general trigger warning ig?  It is crimes happening. Also want to say some situations I question wondering how a child had access to certain things, like a gun, but they managed to stop a crime with it or threat of it so listing it right here anyway.  This is also not a list to glorify putting yourself into dangerous situations kids, seriously you could get hurt or worse if you get put into these situations, don't needlessly jump into them.

Video of a 12 year old physically helping to stop a robbery: https://youtu.be/uPk62AWP8cM

Article of a 7 year old stopping a robbery (albeit accidentally so take it as you will whether it counts ig): https://www.fox13news.com/news/police-screaming-child-stops-dunkin-donuts-attempted-robbery

11 year old in alabama being interviewed after stopping a home invasion:  https://youtu.be/G7OshCHsfJI

Article about a 12 year old shoots (fatally, and in self defense) robber after they broke into home and shot his grandmother: https://abc7.com/goldboro-police-goldsboro-break-in-s-william-street-shooting-12-year-old-shoots-at-home-intruders/10339097/

Admittedly they didnt stop the crime but honestly just respect the shit out of the bravery.  Article and sort of blurry video of 9 year old rushing to help fight off her mothers purse snatcher, under threat of being "popped" https://www.fox5ny.com/news/9-year-old-girl-fights-off-suspected-robber-to-protect-mom
            Nah
                K
                    I'm sorry but i can't take "just trust me bro" seriously
                        Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
                            Nah
Yeah they were the one team that was as close to morally sound, but in the end it was really just Ghetsis who was doing his whole plan behind the guise of "equality for all pokemon and people"
    EQUALITY FOR ALL! Equality in being frozen into icicles I mean what?
True, I did a no pokecenter run before and potions get expensive fast when they are your only healing options lol
    I mean there are ocassions where a kind old lady just lets you take a nap at her house and everyone wakes up fully healed. 

I feel like Pokémon centers *are* connected to the Pokémon league, but they’re also just a hospital in general for Pokémon that’s free.
        My favorite is the ace trainer in the cave at X who let’s you sleep in her tent for the night.
            I don't remember, sounds saucy.
    Berries
    How did you restore the PP of your moves? Did you regularly grow Leppa Berries and hope to find Elixirs?
        Yeah I planted a bunch of Leppa berries and used ethers/elixirs when available.
Damn this makes sense, especially with Gen 8 focusing on battling as an entertainment event.
    Except for alola
It depends on region. For reference, the pharmaceutal system in backwoods regions like johto are so broken that a gym leader has to rely on random passerby for medicine for a sickness that is only a little bit nonstandard, and a farm has no ability to cure their own dairy cows. Its clear the vet care in at least one region isn’t universal. In sinnoh you’re literally unable to purchase better healing items from stores that definitely already have it until you’ve proven yourself to be a seriously competitive trainer. Vet Healthcare thus increases if you’re a trainer
Why would you assume pokemon human health care is as borked as American Healthcare? You know there are many countries that don't have borked Healthcare, including Japan, the country that originated pokemon.
> Just as borked as things are in real life

As borked as things are in America*

FTFY
    Sorry for the bother, but what does FTFY mean?
        FTFY means "Fixed This For You"
        Never any bother! Other guy hit the nail on the head, "Fixed That/This For You".

I usually see it being used with a slightly sarcastic tongue in cheek edit of another quote. (Like me, a europoor calling American healthcare, well, shit.)
            Thanks for telling me!
Do items not work on humans too I know the drink  heals the guard in red and drinks restore hp, also aren’t humans Pokémon too?
    The tea you give the guard doesn't heal him. He's falling asleep and the caffeine wakes him up.
        i believe they're referring to items like freshwater and lemonade, not the tea you give the guards
        No way that’s enough caffeine
Spoken like a capitalist dog. Comrade Alexa, play our Soviet anthem.
I always assumed something similar. Pokémon are being forced(?) to fight in battles. The least they deserve is free healthcare. Looking at you, UFC.
Can I steal this for my fanfic?
My headcanon is that it is NOT this because I go to this fantasy world to escape such things. (Also because if this was true a ten year old would have kicked their ass by now.)
And they offer free meals and overnight stays for trainers because that makes people more willing to take the time off for the traveling, yeah? See the world and don't worry about hotels doing it, just be in charge of your own transportation.
I think it's time to take up man-to-man combat as a sport for that free healthcare then.
But the reason why health clinic avoid them is because they are already grunts in the first place?
    Because nothing is more evil than socialized medicine

/s (just in case)
    More like the teams avoid the health clinics to reduce any attention they might give to themselves if they end up injured in any possible operations they might be in.
        >some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.

This imply that the team leaders use health benefits to recruit grunts. This is thanks to

>a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform

However, if they are not grunts in the first place, there is no reason to avoid health clinic so there's no reason to join evil team to get health benefit and the cycle continue. Granted, you could argue that they are already thug that needed the evil doctors or that the evil team have health clinics so there's no need to weigh your options regarding health care. That isn't what I picked up from your comment unfortunately.
It makes sense for Galactic to offer benefits, they run an electricity company. Same with Aether Foundation and Macro Cosmos who run legitimate businesses and whose employees might not be immediately suspected of evil doing. Flare doesn't need to, you need to be rich already to join and avoid the apocalypse. Rocket is seen having fake businesses to cover their activities, those businesses could be used to potentially provide benefits. Team Yell is also employed by a gym so they should be convered under whatever plan Spikemuth Gym/The Pokemon League provides. If anyone is really concerned about being seen, they can go out of uniform and probably evade notice. 

I can't see it making sense for Magma/Aqua, New Team Rocket, Plasma (except for the good off shoot in b2w2- no way Ghetsis would provide insurance), or Skull at all.
    I can see Magma/Aqua having some good medical care in their base though
    Rocket runs business fronts though like the casino
    Flare’s cover is the kalosian pokeball producing company
    B/w original plasma always seemed like an ideology driven group at least on the bottom. Think a megachurch mixed with PETA.
Not to mention fully funded stem cell research. Have you SEEN how quickly Pokemon get healed of their injuries in the centers? Imagine how quickly a place like that could take care of cancers or other human medical problems!
    I mean, one single guy can even clone extinct Pokémon from just a fossil in a matter for hours. I'm sure they control biology to a greater extent than we'll do in real life 1,000 years from now.
        I'm convinced that at least some of the fossil Pokemon are not what they were before they went extinct. I don't mean like the mix ups in SwSh, I mean that it seems unrealistic that all of the fossil Pokemon would be Rock type. I think bringing them back to life has somehow Jurassic Park-ified some of their DNA and resulted in something that isn't exactly what it was then.
            That’s probably an accurate hypothesis regarding fossil typing.

I imagine part of it might be that some of these Pokémon have had their skeletons ‘calcified’ or otherwise contaminated by minerals from the fossilization process. When they’re reanimated, those minerals become a part of their physiology.
            My headcanon is that they just have these "fossil" pokemon in the back and just yoink your fossil for profit
                "Oh wow! This Pokemon went EXTINCT 100 million years ago. ...Anyway, Here it is, as it was. See ya!"
                    “…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
                It could be like a cooking show lol

"The Poke-Resurrector 2000 takes awhile so we went ahead and had one ready to go for you."
            On the other side I always believed that the fossils are rock type since it's the typings that can remained usable for longer and it's easier to become fossilized.
                why would a Rock-type be easier to fossilize?
                    Already kinda rocky?
            I read that theory a few weeks ago and I'm 100% on board with it. Doesn't take from how impressive resurrecting them is though.
                Oh agreed. In fact I think it makes it even more interesting, cause it allows for possibly old fossil Pokemon to be added in games that have some kind of past-element (ala PLA) where we get their new "regional form", but really it's just what the thing was before the ressurection process messed it up. Omanyte as just water, etc.
            I agree, and I think it would be cool if we could get a past focused Pokémon game where we can see the “true” forms of the fossil Pokémon.
            A few definitely. Anorith (but not armaldo) and the lileep line were probably water rather than rock. Bastiodon, rampardos, carracosta, armaldo, and the Kanto fossils are probably the intended type. Aerodactyl being on Lance's team could indicate flying/dragon with tyrantrum being mono dragon. Aurorus could be mono ice and archeops could be anything plus flying.
            Here's Mega Aerodactyl's Pokédex entry "Mega Evolution awakened some dormant genes, bringing back the sharp rocks that once covered Aerodactyl's entire body." So you could very well be right.
    Being able to study ditto tissue probably helped cure cancer!
        Also nearly ended the world once, you know. Mewtwo and all that.
    That would be an interesting plot where someone develops the tech to put humans in pokeballs to take advantage of the pokecenter healing tech but comes the problem of potential slavery as a side effect as pokeball usage requires a master-slave contract to form....
        Not to mention that it plays into WAY too many Pokémon fetish fanfics out there for Nintendo to want to touch with a 100 foot pole.
        Business corporate would extremely love this lol


Even worse they probaly produce obsolete balls that need high cost maintenance fee which would make it a roundabout way to like suck money from users.
        It's not necessarily a master slave relationship as it's been shown many times if a pokemon doesn't want to be in the pokeball they can leave on their own (Jessie's Wobbuffet). Also pokemon can choose not to follow orders so they are willing and not forced to do it (Ash's Charizard)
The only way to stop a bad guy with a world ending weapon of mass destruction is a good ten year old with a weapon of mass destruction
    This ad paid for by the National Pokémon Association.
You would think but it was the Healthcare Lobby used their Pokemon tech to buy out the governments and squash universal healthcare.
Not to mention that, so long as the Trainer in question treats said "weapon" well, there's literally nothing to fear from them outside of battles.
    Sounds a bit like "good guy with a gun" to be honest😅
Or: nobody is fed, because nobody needs to eat 🤔
    Eating has been a plot point in a few Pokemon games.
    I wouldn’t say nobody, I could go for a Miltank
burger right now
Yeah lol everyone aside from Team Yell or Rocket are in literal death cults like ISIS
    We’ve forgotten about Team Skull already?
        I don't know how, Team Skull is literally just a way superior version of Team Yell 😂 They were trashy and iconic
            Team skull and team yell were different things, though, one's a street gang of people with nowhere else to go, who are almost like a family.


And Team Yell is literally a bunch of hooligans and I love it
            Team yell was louder, so it makes sense you would remember them first
        Absolutely
        Who?
    Team Skull is just Punk-rock Boys And Girls Club of Alola.
        They were kind of my favorite team. No huge world-ending goals. Just a bunch of misfits who had to drop out of the island challenges because they couldn’t complete it.
            All they had to say was "the evil team is juggalos" and I was in
        Let them go around battle rapping people in peace
            B-boying all up in their grillz
    To be fair most teams aren't death cults, they're just lied to or stupid. IIRC only Galactic was a death cult.
        Team flare 👀
            Flare didn't think *they* would die.   Everyone else would, sure, but the grunts were sold the line that they would inherit the planet afterwards.
                I mean you can say the same thing about team Galactic, Cyrus knew what he was doing, but the grunts simply think that they are "creating a new and perfect universe", they don't know the details, that theirs would be destroyed and they would bite the dust
        Okay, yeah, extremely stupid to not think getting rid of the oceans or making more of them would kill a lot of people and pokemon lol
            They knew, they just didn't care, they were racist against sea/land dwellers even if they died in the process
                So Magma and Aqua are up there in death cult status
                    But still very low on the intelligence chart.
                        Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
        Yeah Galactic is literally trying to destroy the universe.
Happy cake day!
i mean i can get a chinese water dragon at petco, so that’s 1/6?
    I can probably get the violent failed experiment, we've got 2/6
Neither did real life criminal organisations, the ones in Pokémon are generally pretty incompetent
    Well, they're supposed to be villains ripped right out of Saturday morning cartoons...
        yeah but this doesn’t let us overanalyze a franchise targeted toward children
Wyverns don't have arms.
    Can they have hands?

Asking for my boi Noivern
        That's exactly how it is, claws in the wings
Exactly. It's no real wonder the villain teams get their asses handed to them constantly.
Except for in the Galar region. The region where, because of the Switch's graphics, they could have gone full ham with the cutscenes and massive, world ending battles. And they decided to have all of the cool shit, like wild dynamax pokemon, happen off screen.
Gen 5 protagonists look like they're around 16
Scientology, probably.
So it turns out after a bit of searching to remember where did I read/heard this from, it was not Shauna who says you're older than her, but *Emma* who says that. Her age is stated to be 16, which puts Calem/Serena to be around 17/18

And dude, have you *seen* how Calem and Serena look? They're pretty tall and slightly mature-looking as hell going by their official art. No way you can reasonably say they're 13-14 with those looks
    Very nice catch with Emma! I totally forgot she existed. She is definitely confirmed to be 16.

It's a bit of a stretch, but can you find anywhere it specifically states the player is older than her though? I'm struggling here.

And yes, to me both Calem and Serena definitely look around 14.
        So it *also* turns out there actually isn't a quote where Emma says you're older than her. It was me misremembering quotes from the Looker Sidequest. 

During the part where you're going through the back alleys of Lumiose City, upon getting into a battle with the kids that can be found there, some of them say things like "No grown-ups allowed!" before battle, even though they let Emma stay there just fine (probably cause she's actually homeless)

So logically you *must* be either older than Emma or the same age as her, cause otherwise they wouldn't be saying things like that (why would they call a fellow 13/14-year old a grown-up?)
            This is some good sleuthing!

While I'm not quite willing to judge a character's age off some kids saying "no grown-ups allowed", the argument definitely makes sense.

I'm not quite convinced though, since kids say stuff like that all the time and to anyone. Your player character could simply be 14 and happen to be taller than them, making them think you were older. Or the kids could just be much younger, around 10.
Emma, despite being 16, is considerably shorter than the player character, so maybe the kids just let her in thinking she was closer to their age, again based on height.
Hilbert and Hilda are now 16.
    Yeah im talking about when they were protags. Both bw and bw2 protagonists are 14, 16 in bw2 in the case of hilbert/hilda
        Oops, sorry.
            Np i kinda fumbled over my words lol
Yeah, you always have to go off dialogue, or stuff in a random interview or magazine
Kukui or Hala says they’re 11, I think during the festival on the first island
I’m pretty sure they’re 11.
Bulbapedia has them both listed as age 11.
That's actually a show I would stop to see... Where the hell do they come from?
    And it would be hosted by the Safari Zone and show an educational documentary of a trainer trying to con their Aerodactyl to force fuck an Altaria so the offspring have a chance at hatching shiny with dragonbreath
What makes it even worse is that all the way back in BW2 Roxie was actually singing words. Granted she was just spelling out and saying Pokemon, but that was so amazing to hear on the DS for 12 year old me .
And that's why they are perfect
    They done nothing wrong, ever, and i love them
> Them being a fake out to take suspicion away from Chairman Rose is just icing on the cake.

Did they? The first look I had at Rose I knew he was the villain, and the ineffectual shenanigans of Team Yell didn't sell them as a credible threat to me. Frankly I would have been more surprised if Team Yell was the ultimate villain after all.

I don't mind them though, they are funny.
    Not so much in the game, more so in marketing. They were revealed well before the game came out and Rose and his goons weren't. Then the game came out and it was immediately clear that Yell was just a bunch of dorks. I like them.
they just tried to be team skull
    Oh for sure but Team Skull is the best.
He may not be her husband, but I'm pretty sure he's the father of her two kids though.
    ..... No, Mohn is their father, bruh.
They look 10-12 at most.
    Dammit
[deleted]
    Okay that doesn't change what they did lmfao. ??? It's literally not arguable
        [deleted]
            🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
The ultra recon squad. That’s their name.
No I think they are 15 as well actually
    Incorrects "whilst the ages aren't known it is believed that they are 17 - 19 years of age"
        Can you source that?
It had a story. It was mostly a story about a sports competition.
I think y’all are misunderstanding me. I’m saying if this was real, a real bad guy wouldn’t even entertain a battle. He’d just have the kid killed. The kid isn’t the only person who’s a summoner and can call in powerful beasts. These bosses have literal bases with hundreds of minions (each with their own summoning power) running around. If i’m trying to take over a galaxy for example, why have all my minions and then me each battle this kid one at a time, introducing the possibility of failure, when we can all call out our pokémon at once and have them all target the kid. And when the corpse is disposed of, I can go back to taking over the world unbothered.

The point I’m making is the bad guys aren’t trying to rob a bank. They’re trying to like, *control space and time* and shit. Anyone who was truly trying to do that would not approach these 10 year old kids the way the game does lol.
I get what you mean but I don't think it'd be so easy for them. First of all because the leader wouldn't know who we are until we become a significant threat. They are trying to *control space and time*, they don't have time to deal with every kid that their incompetent goons can't handle. Also, we keep on the move so even if they tried to chase after us that by itself would take some work. By the time we are a credible threat to the entire organization we are strong enough to take on their stronger enforcers, we usually even raid their bases by ourselves.
    I get you, but that’s the whole point Im a making. A 10 year old kid would never be able raid a complete and powerful base of *tens or hundreds of trainers*. That just would not happen in real life. After you beat like the first 2, they’d sound an alarm and people would literally just jump you in droves lol. Folks won’t line up to battle, they’ll crowd and kill. Control of *literal TIME is at stake*. And if they lost any such battle, they wouldn’t…you know, stand there like they do in the game.

It’s already been established (in life and in media) bad guys don’t play fair, but the game implies that they do. All i’m saying is that would not be the case in real life. Sure, the kid might not play fair either, but the kid is 10. And heavily outnumbered by adults. 

Corpse homie. Corpse.
        A battle is a battle. These are turn based games but there are no reason to assume people are just waiting politely and taking turns and throwing mock fireworks. The reason why most of them don't rush in, is because if you try to just rush a Charizard you might be burned into a crisp, and not even criminals would be so inclined to throw their lives that easily.

In real life maybe things would be different, but pokémon isn't real life. Not only there are fantastical creatures, it seems like most people don't have the skills to wrangle however many strong pokémon they can get their hands on, which is why you mostly meet trainers with a couple weak pokémon. The player grows to become the regional champion of commanding ferocious creatures, it's a bit weird that no adults can be a match against them but you can't discount their own capabilities.
            Have a good one bro
You can't be certain though because none of these issues are stopped by somehow who may or may not still wet the bed
    I am 1000% positive children have stopped or helped stop crimes before, and just as positive those crimes still happen.  I can't look up a specific instance as of now but will edit this later when I can if no one has looked up an example for me.  Crime doesn't stop because people, no matter the person, stop them.  If a person has the drive to commit a criminal act for a goal they want, and are willing and have the means, they will do it.  

Not to mention the organizations in most pokemon games succeed alot and are only beaten in the final round of their plan, which if anything feels like it would be more motivating because people would think, "I just need to prepare for the end most, I'll be better then those before me."

You also have to remember its still a rare thing in their world.  Only happened 8-15ish times we know of give or take.  It's not like children being that strong is common, nor is the terrorist groups in the grand scheme of that world.

I'm more shocked that there aren't more terrorist groups with the seeming lack of most law enforcement in most games past *insert champion of region here* and *insert Main Character and maybe friends here*

------------------
Edit: and general trigger warning ig?  It is crimes happening. Also want to say some situations I question wondering how a child had access to certain things, like a gun, but they managed to stop a crime with it or threat of it so listing it right here anyway.  This is also not a list to glorify putting yourself into dangerous situations kids, seriously you could get hurt or worse if you get put into these situations, don't needlessly jump into them.

Video of a 12 year old physically helping to stop a robbery: https://youtu.be/uPk62AWP8cM

Article of a 7 year old stopping a robbery (albeit accidentally so take it as you will whether it counts ig): https://www.fox13news.com/news/police-screaming-child-stops-dunkin-donuts-attempted-robbery

11 year old in alabama being interviewed after stopping a home invasion:  https://youtu.be/G7OshCHsfJI

Article about a 12 year old shoots (fatally, and in self defense) robber after they broke into home and shot his grandmother: https://abc7.com/goldboro-police-goldsboro-break-in-s-william-street-shooting-12-year-old-shoots-at-home-intruders/10339097/

Admittedly they didnt stop the crime but honestly just respect the shit out of the bravery.  Article and sort of blurry video of 9 year old rushing to help fight off her mothers purse snatcher, under threat of being "popped" https://www.fox5ny.com/news/9-year-old-girl-fights-off-suspected-robber-to-protect-mom
        Nah
            K
                I'm sorry but i can't take "just trust me bro" seriously
                    Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
                        Nah
EQUALITY FOR ALL! Equality in being frozen into icicles I mean what?
I mean there are ocassions where a kind old lady just lets you take a nap at her house and everyone wakes up fully healed. 

I feel like Pokémon centers *are* connected to the Pokémon league, but they’re also just a hospital in general for Pokémon that’s free.
    My favorite is the ace trainer in the cave at X who let’s you sleep in her tent for the night.
        I don't remember, sounds saucy.
Berries
How did you restore the PP of your moves? Did you regularly grow Leppa Berries and hope to find Elixirs?
    Yeah I planted a bunch of Leppa berries and used ethers/elixirs when available.
Except for alola
Sorry for the bother, but what does FTFY mean?
    FTFY means "Fixed This For You"
    Never any bother! Other guy hit the nail on the head, "Fixed That/This For You".

I usually see it being used with a slightly sarcastic tongue in cheek edit of another quote. (Like me, a europoor calling American healthcare, well, shit.)
        Thanks for telling me!
The tea you give the guard doesn't heal him. He's falling asleep and the caffeine wakes him up.
    i believe they're referring to items like freshwater and lemonade, not the tea you give the guards
    No way that’s enough caffeine
Because nothing is more evil than socialized medicine

/s (just in case)
More like the teams avoid the health clinics to reduce any attention they might give to themselves if they end up injured in any possible operations they might be in.
    >some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.

This imply that the team leaders use health benefits to recruit grunts. This is thanks to

>a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform

However, if they are not grunts in the first place, there is no reason to avoid health clinic so there's no reason to join evil team to get health benefit and the cycle continue. Granted, you could argue that they are already thug that needed the evil doctors or that the evil team have health clinics so there's no need to weigh your options regarding health care. That isn't what I picked up from your comment unfortunately.
I can see Magma/Aqua having some good medical care in their base though
Rocket runs business fronts though like the casino
Flare’s cover is the kalosian pokeball producing company
B/w original plasma always seemed like an ideology driven group at least on the bottom. Think a megachurch mixed with PETA.
I mean, one single guy can even clone extinct Pokémon from just a fossil in a matter for hours. I'm sure they control biology to a greater extent than we'll do in real life 1,000 years from now.
    I'm convinced that at least some of the fossil Pokemon are not what they were before they went extinct. I don't mean like the mix ups in SwSh, I mean that it seems unrealistic that all of the fossil Pokemon would be Rock type. I think bringing them back to life has somehow Jurassic Park-ified some of their DNA and resulted in something that isn't exactly what it was then.
        That’s probably an accurate hypothesis regarding fossil typing.

I imagine part of it might be that some of these Pokémon have had their skeletons ‘calcified’ or otherwise contaminated by minerals from the fossilization process. When they’re reanimated, those minerals become a part of their physiology.
        My headcanon is that they just have these "fossil" pokemon in the back and just yoink your fossil for profit
            "Oh wow! This Pokemon went EXTINCT 100 million years ago. ...Anyway, Here it is, as it was. See ya!"
                “…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
            It could be like a cooking show lol

"The Poke-Resurrector 2000 takes awhile so we went ahead and had one ready to go for you."
        On the other side I always believed that the fossils are rock type since it's the typings that can remained usable for longer and it's easier to become fossilized.
            why would a Rock-type be easier to fossilize?
                Already kinda rocky?
        I read that theory a few weeks ago and I'm 100% on board with it. Doesn't take from how impressive resurrecting them is though.
            Oh agreed. In fact I think it makes it even more interesting, cause it allows for possibly old fossil Pokemon to be added in games that have some kind of past-element (ala PLA) where we get their new "regional form", but really it's just what the thing was before the ressurection process messed it up. Omanyte as just water, etc.
        I agree, and I think it would be cool if we could get a past focused Pokémon game where we can see the “true” forms of the fossil Pokémon.
        A few definitely. Anorith (but not armaldo) and the lileep line were probably water rather than rock. Bastiodon, rampardos, carracosta, armaldo, and the Kanto fossils are probably the intended type. Aerodactyl being on Lance's team could indicate flying/dragon with tyrantrum being mono dragon. Aurorus could be mono ice and archeops could be anything plus flying.
        Here's Mega Aerodactyl's Pokédex entry "Mega Evolution awakened some dormant genes, bringing back the sharp rocks that once covered Aerodactyl's entire body." So you could very well be right.
Being able to study ditto tissue probably helped cure cancer!
    Also nearly ended the world once, you know. Mewtwo and all that.
That would be an interesting plot where someone develops the tech to put humans in pokeballs to take advantage of the pokecenter healing tech but comes the problem of potential slavery as a side effect as pokeball usage requires a master-slave contract to form....
    Not to mention that it plays into WAY too many Pokémon fetish fanfics out there for Nintendo to want to touch with a 100 foot pole.
    Business corporate would extremely love this lol


Even worse they probaly produce obsolete balls that need high cost maintenance fee which would make it a roundabout way to like suck money from users.
    It's not necessarily a master slave relationship as it's been shown many times if a pokemon doesn't want to be in the pokeball they can leave on their own (Jessie's Wobbuffet). Also pokemon can choose not to follow orders so they are willing and not forced to do it (Ash's Charizard)
This ad paid for by the National Pokémon Association.
Sounds a bit like "good guy with a gun" to be honest😅
Eating has been a plot point in a few Pokemon games.
I wouldn’t say nobody, I could go for a Miltank
burger right now
We’ve forgotten about Team Skull already?
    I don't know how, Team Skull is literally just a way superior version of Team Yell 😂 They were trashy and iconic
        Team skull and team yell were different things, though, one's a street gang of people with nowhere else to go, who are almost like a family.


And Team Yell is literally a bunch of hooligans and I love it
        Team yell was louder, so it makes sense you would remember them first
    Absolutely
    Who?
Team Skull is just Punk-rock Boys And Girls Club of Alola.
    They were kind of my favorite team. No huge world-ending goals. Just a bunch of misfits who had to drop out of the island challenges because they couldn’t complete it.
        All they had to say was "the evil team is juggalos" and I was in
    Let them go around battle rapping people in peace
        B-boying all up in their grillz
To be fair most teams aren't death cults, they're just lied to or stupid. IIRC only Galactic was a death cult.
    Team flare 👀
        Flare didn't think *they* would die.   Everyone else would, sure, but the grunts were sold the line that they would inherit the planet afterwards.
            I mean you can say the same thing about team Galactic, Cyrus knew what he was doing, but the grunts simply think that they are "creating a new and perfect universe", they don't know the details, that theirs would be destroyed and they would bite the dust
    Okay, yeah, extremely stupid to not think getting rid of the oceans or making more of them would kill a lot of people and pokemon lol
        They knew, they just didn't care, they were racist against sea/land dwellers even if they died in the process
            So Magma and Aqua are up there in death cult status
                But still very low on the intelligence chart.
                    Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
    Yeah Galactic is literally trying to destroy the universe.
I can probably get the violent failed experiment, we've got 2/6
Well, they're supposed to be villains ripped right out of Saturday morning cartoons...
    yeah but this doesn’t let us overanalyze a franchise targeted toward children
Can they have hands?

Asking for my boi Noivern
    That's exactly how it is, claws in the wings
Very nice catch with Emma! I totally forgot she existed. She is definitely confirmed to be 16.

It's a bit of a stretch, but can you find anywhere it specifically states the player is older than her though? I'm struggling here.

And yes, to me both Calem and Serena definitely look around 14.
    So it *also* turns out there actually isn't a quote where Emma says you're older than her. It was me misremembering quotes from the Looker Sidequest. 

During the part where you're going through the back alleys of Lumiose City, upon getting into a battle with the kids that can be found there, some of them say things like "No grown-ups allowed!" before battle, even though they let Emma stay there just fine (probably cause she's actually homeless)

So logically you *must* be either older than Emma or the same age as her, cause otherwise they wouldn't be saying things like that (why would they call a fellow 13/14-year old a grown-up?)
        This is some good sleuthing!

While I'm not quite willing to judge a character's age off some kids saying "no grown-ups allowed", the argument definitely makes sense.

I'm not quite convinced though, since kids say stuff like that all the time and to anyone. Your player character could simply be 14 and happen to be taller than them, making them think you were older. Or the kids could just be much younger, around 10.
Emma, despite being 16, is considerably shorter than the player character, so maybe the kids just let her in thinking she was closer to their age, again based on height.
Yeah im talking about when they were protags. Both bw and bw2 protagonists are 14, 16 in bw2 in the case of hilbert/hilda
    Oops, sorry.
        Np i kinda fumbled over my words lol
And it would be hosted by the Safari Zone and show an educational documentary of a trainer trying to con their Aerodactyl to force fuck an Altaria so the offspring have a chance at hatching shiny with dragonbreath
They done nothing wrong, ever, and i love them
Not so much in the game, more so in marketing. They were revealed well before the game came out and Rose and his goons weren't. Then the game came out and it was immediately clear that Yell was just a bunch of dorks. I like them.
Oh for sure but Team Skull is the best.
..... No, Mohn is their father, bruh.
Dammit
Okay that doesn't change what they did lmfao. ??? It's literally not arguable
    [deleted]
        🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Incorrects "whilst the ages aren't known it is believed that they are 17 - 19 years of age"
    Can you source that?
I get you, but that’s the whole point Im a making. A 10 year old kid would never be able raid a complete and powerful base of *tens or hundreds of trainers*. That just would not happen in real life. After you beat like the first 2, they’d sound an alarm and people would literally just jump you in droves lol. Folks won’t line up to battle, they’ll crowd and kill. Control of *literal TIME is at stake*. And if they lost any such battle, they wouldn’t…you know, stand there like they do in the game.

It’s already been established (in life and in media) bad guys don’t play fair, but the game implies that they do. All i’m saying is that would not be the case in real life. Sure, the kid might not play fair either, but the kid is 10. And heavily outnumbered by adults. 

Corpse homie. Corpse.
    A battle is a battle. These are turn based games but there are no reason to assume people are just waiting politely and taking turns and throwing mock fireworks. The reason why most of them don't rush in, is because if you try to just rush a Charizard you might be burned into a crisp, and not even criminals would be so inclined to throw their lives that easily.

In real life maybe things would be different, but pokémon isn't real life. Not only there are fantastical creatures, it seems like most people don't have the skills to wrangle however many strong pokémon they can get their hands on, which is why you mostly meet trainers with a couple weak pokémon. The player grows to become the regional champion of commanding ferocious creatures, it's a bit weird that no adults can be a match against them but you can't discount their own capabilities.
        Have a good one bro
I am 1000% positive children have stopped or helped stop crimes before, and just as positive those crimes still happen.  I can't look up a specific instance as of now but will edit this later when I can if no one has looked up an example for me.  Crime doesn't stop because people, no matter the person, stop them.  If a person has the drive to commit a criminal act for a goal they want, and are willing and have the means, they will do it.  

Not to mention the organizations in most pokemon games succeed alot and are only beaten in the final round of their plan, which if anything feels like it would be more motivating because people would think, "I just need to prepare for the end most, I'll be better then those before me."

You also have to remember its still a rare thing in their world.  Only happened 8-15ish times we know of give or take.  It's not like children being that strong is common, nor is the terrorist groups in the grand scheme of that world.

I'm more shocked that there aren't more terrorist groups with the seeming lack of most law enforcement in most games past *insert champion of region here* and *insert Main Character and maybe friends here*

------------------
Edit: and general trigger warning ig?  It is crimes happening. Also want to say some situations I question wondering how a child had access to certain things, like a gun, but they managed to stop a crime with it or threat of it so listing it right here anyway.  This is also not a list to glorify putting yourself into dangerous situations kids, seriously you could get hurt or worse if you get put into these situations, don't needlessly jump into them.

Video of a 12 year old physically helping to stop a robbery: https://youtu.be/uPk62AWP8cM

Article of a 7 year old stopping a robbery (albeit accidentally so take it as you will whether it counts ig): https://www.fox13news.com/news/police-screaming-child-stops-dunkin-donuts-attempted-robbery

11 year old in alabama being interviewed after stopping a home invasion:  https://youtu.be/G7OshCHsfJI

Article about a 12 year old shoots (fatally, and in self defense) robber after they broke into home and shot his grandmother: https://abc7.com/goldboro-police-goldsboro-break-in-s-william-street-shooting-12-year-old-shoots-at-home-intruders/10339097/

Admittedly they didnt stop the crime but honestly just respect the shit out of the bravery.  Article and sort of blurry video of 9 year old rushing to help fight off her mothers purse snatcher, under threat of being "popped" https://www.fox5ny.com/news/9-year-old-girl-fights-off-suspected-robber-to-protect-mom
    Nah
        K
            I'm sorry but i can't take "just trust me bro" seriously
                Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
                    Nah
My favorite is the ace trainer in the cave at X who let’s you sleep in her tent for the night.
    I don't remember, sounds saucy.
Yeah I planted a bunch of Leppa berries and used ethers/elixirs when available.
FTFY means "Fixed This For You"
Never any bother! Other guy hit the nail on the head, "Fixed That/This For You".

I usually see it being used with a slightly sarcastic tongue in cheek edit of another quote. (Like me, a europoor calling American healthcare, well, shit.)
    Thanks for telling me!
i believe they're referring to items like freshwater and lemonade, not the tea you give the guards
No way that’s enough caffeine
>some of the team leaders getting good health benefits to get some grunts while avoiding anyone related to the authorities/pokemon leauge.

This imply that the team leaders use health benefits to recruit grunts. This is thanks to

>a rocket/magma/aqua/galatic/plasma grunt walking into any health clinic, and by some chance recongnizing who they could be even out of uniform

However, if they are not grunts in the first place, there is no reason to avoid health clinic so there's no reason to join evil team to get health benefit and the cycle continue. Granted, you could argue that they are already thug that needed the evil doctors or that the evil team have health clinics so there's no need to weigh your options regarding health care. That isn't what I picked up from your comment unfortunately.
I'm convinced that at least some of the fossil Pokemon are not what they were before they went extinct. I don't mean like the mix ups in SwSh, I mean that it seems unrealistic that all of the fossil Pokemon would be Rock type. I think bringing them back to life has somehow Jurassic Park-ified some of their DNA and resulted in something that isn't exactly what it was then.
    That’s probably an accurate hypothesis regarding fossil typing.

I imagine part of it might be that some of these Pokémon have had their skeletons ‘calcified’ or otherwise contaminated by minerals from the fossilization process. When they’re reanimated, those minerals become a part of their physiology.
    My headcanon is that they just have these "fossil" pokemon in the back and just yoink your fossil for profit
        "Oh wow! This Pokemon went EXTINCT 100 million years ago. ...Anyway, Here it is, as it was. See ya!"
            “…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
        It could be like a cooking show lol

"The Poke-Resurrector 2000 takes awhile so we went ahead and had one ready to go for you."
    On the other side I always believed that the fossils are rock type since it's the typings that can remained usable for longer and it's easier to become fossilized.
        why would a Rock-type be easier to fossilize?
            Already kinda rocky?
    I read that theory a few weeks ago and I'm 100% on board with it. Doesn't take from how impressive resurrecting them is though.
        Oh agreed. In fact I think it makes it even more interesting, cause it allows for possibly old fossil Pokemon to be added in games that have some kind of past-element (ala PLA) where we get their new "regional form", but really it's just what the thing was before the ressurection process messed it up. Omanyte as just water, etc.
    I agree, and I think it would be cool if we could get a past focused Pokémon game where we can see the “true” forms of the fossil Pokémon.
    A few definitely. Anorith (but not armaldo) and the lileep line were probably water rather than rock. Bastiodon, rampardos, carracosta, armaldo, and the Kanto fossils are probably the intended type. Aerodactyl being on Lance's team could indicate flying/dragon with tyrantrum being mono dragon. Aurorus could be mono ice and archeops could be anything plus flying.
    Here's Mega Aerodactyl's Pokédex entry "Mega Evolution awakened some dormant genes, bringing back the sharp rocks that once covered Aerodactyl's entire body." So you could very well be right.
Also nearly ended the world once, you know. Mewtwo and all that.
Not to mention that it plays into WAY too many Pokémon fetish fanfics out there for Nintendo to want to touch with a 100 foot pole.
Business corporate would extremely love this lol


Even worse they probaly produce obsolete balls that need high cost maintenance fee which would make it a roundabout way to like suck money from users.
It's not necessarily a master slave relationship as it's been shown many times if a pokemon doesn't want to be in the pokeball they can leave on their own (Jessie's Wobbuffet). Also pokemon can choose not to follow orders so they are willing and not forced to do it (Ash's Charizard)
I don't know how, Team Skull is literally just a way superior version of Team Yell 😂 They were trashy and iconic
    Team skull and team yell were different things, though, one's a street gang of people with nowhere else to go, who are almost like a family.


And Team Yell is literally a bunch of hooligans and I love it
    Team yell was louder, so it makes sense you would remember them first
Absolutely
Who?
They were kind of my favorite team. No huge world-ending goals. Just a bunch of misfits who had to drop out of the island challenges because they couldn’t complete it.
    All they had to say was "the evil team is juggalos" and I was in
Let them go around battle rapping people in peace
    B-boying all up in their grillz
Team flare 👀
    Flare didn't think *they* would die.   Everyone else would, sure, but the grunts were sold the line that they would inherit the planet afterwards.
        I mean you can say the same thing about team Galactic, Cyrus knew what he was doing, but the grunts simply think that they are "creating a new and perfect universe", they don't know the details, that theirs would be destroyed and they would bite the dust
Okay, yeah, extremely stupid to not think getting rid of the oceans or making more of them would kill a lot of people and pokemon lol
    They knew, they just didn't care, they were racist against sea/land dwellers even if they died in the process
        So Magma and Aqua are up there in death cult status
            But still very low on the intelligence chart.
                Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
Yeah Galactic is literally trying to destroy the universe.
yeah but this doesn’t let us overanalyze a franchise targeted toward children
That's exactly how it is, claws in the wings
So it *also* turns out there actually isn't a quote where Emma says you're older than her. It was me misremembering quotes from the Looker Sidequest. 

During the part where you're going through the back alleys of Lumiose City, upon getting into a battle with the kids that can be found there, some of them say things like "No grown-ups allowed!" before battle, even though they let Emma stay there just fine (probably cause she's actually homeless)

So logically you *must* be either older than Emma or the same age as her, cause otherwise they wouldn't be saying things like that (why would they call a fellow 13/14-year old a grown-up?)
    This is some good sleuthing!

While I'm not quite willing to judge a character's age off some kids saying "no grown-ups allowed", the argument definitely makes sense.

I'm not quite convinced though, since kids say stuff like that all the time and to anyone. Your player character could simply be 14 and happen to be taller than them, making them think you were older. Or the kids could just be much younger, around 10.
Emma, despite being 16, is considerably shorter than the player character, so maybe the kids just let her in thinking she was closer to their age, again based on height.
Oops, sorry.
    Np i kinda fumbled over my words lol
[deleted]
    🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Can you source that?
A battle is a battle. These are turn based games but there are no reason to assume people are just waiting politely and taking turns and throwing mock fireworks. The reason why most of them don't rush in, is because if you try to just rush a Charizard you might be burned into a crisp, and not even criminals would be so inclined to throw their lives that easily.

In real life maybe things would be different, but pokémon isn't real life. Not only there are fantastical creatures, it seems like most people don't have the skills to wrangle however many strong pokémon they can get their hands on, which is why you mostly meet trainers with a couple weak pokémon. The player grows to become the regional champion of commanding ferocious creatures, it's a bit weird that no adults can be a match against them but you can't discount their own capabilities.
    Have a good one bro
Nah
    K
        I'm sorry but i can't take "just trust me bro" seriously
            Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
                Nah
I don't remember, sounds saucy.
Thanks for telling me!
That’s probably an accurate hypothesis regarding fossil typing.

I imagine part of it might be that some of these Pokémon have had their skeletons ‘calcified’ or otherwise contaminated by minerals from the fossilization process. When they’re reanimated, those minerals become a part of their physiology.
My headcanon is that they just have these "fossil" pokemon in the back and just yoink your fossil for profit
    "Oh wow! This Pokemon went EXTINCT 100 million years ago. ...Anyway, Here it is, as it was. See ya!"
        “…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
    It could be like a cooking show lol

"The Poke-Resurrector 2000 takes awhile so we went ahead and had one ready to go for you."
On the other side I always believed that the fossils are rock type since it's the typings that can remained usable for longer and it's easier to become fossilized.
    why would a Rock-type be easier to fossilize?
        Already kinda rocky?
I read that theory a few weeks ago and I'm 100% on board with it. Doesn't take from how impressive resurrecting them is though.
    Oh agreed. In fact I think it makes it even more interesting, cause it allows for possibly old fossil Pokemon to be added in games that have some kind of past-element (ala PLA) where we get their new "regional form", but really it's just what the thing was before the ressurection process messed it up. Omanyte as just water, etc.
I agree, and I think it would be cool if we could get a past focused Pokémon game where we can see the “true” forms of the fossil Pokémon.
A few definitely. Anorith (but not armaldo) and the lileep line were probably water rather than rock. Bastiodon, rampardos, carracosta, armaldo, and the Kanto fossils are probably the intended type. Aerodactyl being on Lance's team could indicate flying/dragon with tyrantrum being mono dragon. Aurorus could be mono ice and archeops could be anything plus flying.
Here's Mega Aerodactyl's Pokédex entry "Mega Evolution awakened some dormant genes, bringing back the sharp rocks that once covered Aerodactyl's entire body." So you could very well be right.
Team skull and team yell were different things, though, one's a street gang of people with nowhere else to go, who are almost like a family.


And Team Yell is literally a bunch of hooligans and I love it
Team yell was louder, so it makes sense you would remember them first
All they had to say was "the evil team is juggalos" and I was in
B-boying all up in their grillz
Flare didn't think *they* would die.   Everyone else would, sure, but the grunts were sold the line that they would inherit the planet afterwards.
    I mean you can say the same thing about team Galactic, Cyrus knew what he was doing, but the grunts simply think that they are "creating a new and perfect universe", they don't know the details, that theirs would be destroyed and they would bite the dust
They knew, they just didn't care, they were racist against sea/land dwellers even if they died in the process
    So Magma and Aqua are up there in death cult status
        But still very low on the intelligence chart.
            Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
This is some good sleuthing!

While I'm not quite willing to judge a character's age off some kids saying "no grown-ups allowed", the argument definitely makes sense.

I'm not quite convinced though, since kids say stuff like that all the time and to anyone. Your player character could simply be 14 and happen to be taller than them, making them think you were older. Or the kids could just be much younger, around 10.
Emma, despite being 16, is considerably shorter than the player character, so maybe the kids just let her in thinking she was closer to their age, again based on height.
Np i kinda fumbled over my words lol
🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Have a good one bro
K
    I'm sorry but i can't take "just trust me bro" seriously
        Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
            Nah
"Oh wow! This Pokemon went EXTINCT 100 million years ago. ...Anyway, Here it is, as it was. See ya!"
    “…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
It could be like a cooking show lol

"The Poke-Resurrector 2000 takes awhile so we went ahead and had one ready to go for you."
why would a Rock-type be easier to fossilize?
    Already kinda rocky?
Oh agreed. In fact I think it makes it even more interesting, cause it allows for possibly old fossil Pokemon to be added in games that have some kind of past-element (ala PLA) where we get their new "regional form", but really it's just what the thing was before the ressurection process messed it up. Omanyte as just water, etc.
I mean you can say the same thing about team Galactic, Cyrus knew what he was doing, but the grunts simply think that they are "creating a new and perfect universe", they don't know the details, that theirs would be destroyed and they would bite the dust
So Magma and Aqua are up there in death cult status
    But still very low on the intelligence chart.
        Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
I'm sorry but i can't take "just trust me bro" seriously
    Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
        Nah
“…wait, doesn’t the Champion have like 2 of them?”
Already kinda rocky?
But still very low on the intelligence chart.
    Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
Then feel free to wait when I update it, or look at the rest of the comment, or just outright say "nah." I guess all three are options but the first two seem to make quite a bit more sense to me.
    Nah
Surprisingly, considering Maxxie was like a scientist or something lol
Nah
