[[All pickaxes racing against each other.]]





Wow, that's really cool! You should do the same thing but with enchantments and potion effects and stuff, or different blocks!
    Doing this with Golden Unbreaking Pickaxes would at least be more exciting because the winner can be random.
        Because fun fact, unbreaking does not give the tool more durability. It gives it a chance to not lose durability when you break a block. Just wanted to point this out in case anyone wanted to argue with your comment because you are correct
            huh i didn’t know this thanks
                Same! I thought it made it last longer before losing beginning durability
                    Fear not because with a constant xp source, a mending pickaxe is unbreakable
                        How about a gold pickaxe with mending and unbreaking III?
                            it will beat others out if he'll if used correctly
                                [deleted]
                                    [removed]
                            If you just mine a bunch of stone it will break
                            if it's ores it will probably win ezpz
                            [removed]
                            The same as a diamond pickaxe with those enchantments but it has a much smaller buffer
                            It's an excellent choice as long as you mine things that drop XP. I'd still use something that can mine obsidian though.
                            If the line was made of ores instead of stone
                            Mending is mainly used for swords or fishing rods because you need to obtain exp to not lose durability. If you were mining all redstone ore, then I guess it could work, but anything below iron would lose even more time because they can't mine redstone ore.
                                Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
                        Did you know that diamond is unbreakable? Only the crazy ones.
                        Mining cobblestone and cooking it?
                        Mending fishing poles NEVER run out.

I mean they do, but logically, they don't.
                            Fun fact: you can break a mending fishing pole if you use it for combat purposes rather then fishing. You can also swap to another item right before you pick up the fishing xp to effectively break it aswell.
                        Fun fact: if you use a fishing rod with mending for its intended use, the fishing rod is unbreakable
                        Thank god for so farming
                    It does exactly that but not the way you thought it does (the lasting longer before breaking part)
            Exactly, it's funny thinking that it's possible that your tools NEVER break
                r/Terraria would like a word.
                    [deleted]
                        [deleted]
                            Nah, that doesn't count since you can't actually use it as a tool.
                                You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
                                You can use it as a toilet.
                                    only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
                I gotta netherite unbreaking 3 pickaxe with mending. I grid mine with it and it'll never break unless I just intentionally skip blocks that drop xp
                    Mining through the nether for 4000 blocks to get back from the End Stronghold to my base almost took mine out, had to actively stop and mine quartz whenever I saw it.

(4000, not in a straight line, mostly diagonal and about 2-3 blocks wide the whole way because I was just flailing side to side with efficiency 5 to just get home faster)
                        If you have mending armor, take it off while mining. It sucks up EXP and levels you up instead of using it all to heal. 

I have a non mending armor set specifically for mining. Non thorns as well to give it durability in case I am hit. Most dangerous is to go with no armor at all
                            Good to know for elsewhere, but this was on the way back from fighting the ender dragon lol. I didn't bring 2 sets of armor for that.
                            Wasn't that changed recently? At least my xp farms seem to work now with mending armor on
                        Yea you have to mine all the quartz you see in the nether given how fast netherrack mines and how theres no other source of mining xp except the gold blocks (but that's minimal)
                right silly us for foolishly assuming a magical video game enchantment called UNBREAKING made our tools not break? seems like a pretty fair misunderstanding lol
                    It does do that though lol
                It’s also possible that your tool doesn’t last any longer than an unenchanted one, too
                    Just very, *very* unlikely.
                I didn’t think they would never break, but I did think it increased durability in a consistent way instead of a random way. I guess it makes sense because the one that can give more resources is random also, right?
            If we think of it as "expected durability" because of the chance to break, then perhaps one could argue "the tools last longer in most situations"

*probability class flashbacks
                yeah, the minecraft wiki page for Unbreaking will give you the breakdown as far as the average extra durability from each level
                There is a high chance it lasts longer but not certain.
            So gold can win if it’s lucky enough?
                Only if it's enchanted, which it isn't.
                    Don't put it in your pocket. Otherwise it'll get mixed with the others and become just a quarter. Which it is.
            Soo Fortune, Mending, unbreaking to make Gold Pickaxe the best
                Only if you're mining almost nothing but ores and/or are exceedingly careful. Mining any significant amount of stone will generally result in losing enough durability at once to break it before you get to the next patch of ore to reload.

Diamond's just better. As fast as gold is, you still need at least Haste 1 to instamine stone. But if you've got the beacon anyway, you might as well go for Haste 2, and then diamond catches up. All that remains is a speed boost on digging up the actual ores, and that's not significant enough to matter.
            Is a golden pickaxe has Mending and Unbreaking III viable for general use?
                Nah it’d have to be repaired way to often
                For general use - no, but there are some niche uses it's good for: if you want to go to Mesa and mine some terracota without having to set up beacon, Efficiency V gold pickaxe will be able to instamine it. Low durability also makes it cheap to repair with Mending, so you can get decent mileage out of it using bunch of Bottles of enchanting.
                Not really. Unless you're only using it to harvest Lapis and coal. In which case, I mean, I guess? But why would you have a whole hotbar space for just that one niche pick
                Absolutely not. It can only mine coal. That’s it!!!
            If you turn on extra stats you can see the tool durability when you hover over the tool. From what I've noticed it's not chance to not lose durability, but each level of unbreaking makes it take more block breaks before the durability actually goes down.
        Imagine that, the golden pickaxe could finish the entire race without losing a single durability point. Thanks for the info!
            With the same race length as in the video (144 blocks) and an Unbreaking III Golden Pickaxe, the odds of that happening are approximately 2×10^(-87). That's 0.00000...002%, with 86 zeros total.
                So your saying theres a chance.
                    Like a if you started a new version of this race every second since the moment of the big bang it probably still won't happen "chance".

Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.
                        > Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.

This is what I read.  Let's do it!
                            \- Every PM ever
                        If that probability shown is correct, if you started it as many times as there are subatomic particles in the entire universe then there's still about a one in a 10 million chance.

Number of particles = 3.2x10^80 or so
                        I mean, that's like saying "I'm 99% sure it won't work".  

So you aren't sure then.
                            It is theoretically possible, but it will never happen.

The chance is so infinitely small that it is effectively zero.

You could have every computer in the world playing Minecraft simultaneously running this race over and over again for your entire lifespan and you could still say with confidence that it will never happen.
                            More like saying a "I'm 99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999998% sure it wont work."

I think I counted the 9's right.
                        It could succeed on its first try though, and then fail for the next 2x10^87 times.
                    Technically something but practically nothing.
                    Never tell me the odds!
                What are the odds it would get to the end before breaking?
                    Now that calculation is more difficult.

A Golden Pickaxe has a durability of 32. So it can finish the race with any amount between 32 and 0 (because a tool only brakes when used at 0 durability, not when reaching 0).

The odds of retaining durability with Unbreaking III is 75% for each use. We need to activate that at least 112 times to reach the goal with at least 0 durability left.

We're basically tossing a coin 144 times and hope to get heads 112 times of them, whereas the coin is imbalanced and has a 75% chance of landing a heads.
The formula for this is the binomial probability:

P(112) = (144 over 112)×0.75^(112)×0.25^(144-112)

~~which equates to a chance of approximately 5.9%.~~

Please feel free to correct if I'm wrong.

Edit: I think I forgot the "at least" bit regarding the 112 heads – really you'd need to add up all probabilities for P(112+x) for all x between 0 and 32, which then is a chance of something more like 25%.
                        well actually, tools break after 1 durability. 0 durability tools were removed a few updates ago. it'll say 1/32 and then break
                            Oh really? Well then, that brings the chance down to around [19.4%](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum_%28x%3D1%29%5E%2832%29+%28144+binom+112%2Bx%29*0.75%5E%28112%2Bx%29*0.25%5E%2832-x%29).
                                I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
                                    Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
                                    Nice
                    if I got it correct, it should be around 20%

[wolframalpha link](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumlowerlimit%22%7D+-%3E%220%22&assumption=%7B%22C%22%2C+%22sum%22%7D+-%3E+%7B%22Calculator%22%7D&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumfunction%22%7D+-%3E%22C%28144%2Cx%29*0.25%5Ex*0.75%5E%28144-x%29%22&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumupperlimit2%22%7D+-%3E%2231%22) (x is the lost durability)

\---

Update, I don't know why I believe it's 144, but apparently it should be 134, which turns out to be 35%, here is my [another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/id9vpq/all_pickaxes_racing_against_each_other/g27x81e?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
                The odds of something happening are always 0.5, because it either happens or it doesn't. Lol.


JkJk, I know that is a stupid argument, but hey the possibility of it not losing any durability still does exist so you never know
                    Technically, but yet still impossible I like to say
                    It isn't true: for example when you roll a dice the probability to get 6 (or a any number of your choice) is 1/6.
But I like your way of thinking
                        No, you either get a 6 or not a 6, still 50/50
                Never tell me the odds - Solo.
            You can manipulate unbreaking tools to always not loose durability using RNG manipulation which is totally possible in Vanilla Minecraft. Earth Computer did a video on this. So you can have gold tools that don’t break.
        Gold pickaxe

Mending

Unbreaking 3

Efficiency 5

Fortune 3
            Mending would only matter when mining something like coal or Nether Quartz though.
                Efficiency gold pickaxe go brrr-*snap*
                However, the mending gained from mining those materials would still cause your pickaxe to last just that little bit longer.
                    Pickaxe snapping intensifies
            Mending and fortune wouldn’t make a difference as it’s all stone
        Random efficiency and random unbreking in a golden pickaxe race would have me on the edge of my seat
    For sure. I'd love to see how far/fast unbreaking and efficiency go.
        And haste 2 =)
            Efficiency V and haste II on diamond or better is instant mine
                Golden Pickaxe

-	Haste II
-	Mending
-	Unbreaking III
-	Efficiency V

This is… requiem
                    If you built a tall enough stone pillar, stood at the top with this pickaxe and mined straight down would you take fall damage when it broke?
                        No you experience an infinite loop of mining all possible blocks always approaching the truthful answer to your question but you will not reach the truth because this is the power of Golden Pickaxe Requiem
                            H-how many times am I going to be mined!?
                        No, because being in the air rather than standing on a block slows you enough that you lose instant-mine.
                        Yes
                        No because there are midair block breaking penalties similar to trying to break blocks underwater.
                    1 Tick is not less than 1 Tick.
                        So to defeat the galactic empire you just change the value of 1tick=0tick?
    Someone did that recently.  Ends up, efficiency 5 is more important then the type of pickaxe.  Longevity is the important part then.
    Yes! OP certainly needs to do this!
lol I thought the netherite pickaxe was stone xD
    It's my first time knowing that a netherite pickaxe was added it's been a while since i followed anything about minecraft
        [removed]
            [deleted]
                Last time I played Minecraft was 2011 and I am in a world of confusion right now
                    Jeez that’s been a long time. You definitely check it out again you probably can still enjoy it.
                        Yeah it’s like a whole new game. I imagine it would be like playing a full sized sequel to minecraft. minecraft 2: redstone boogaloo
                    Right? All sorts of interesting nonsense in it now .. Hmm..
                [removed]
                    Yup, but if you're smart you'll do it with explosives
                        I do bed mining. Its cheaper.
                            That's fair, I have a gunpowder farm for my elytra so I use those to avoid the fire that beds leave
                                Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
                                    https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
            Yes it is still sorta very new. It was implemented in the newest 1.16 update together with a new nether. Now netheright is an even more valuable ore than a diamond because we need 4 smelted ancient debre to get a netheright ingot in return you can convert your full enchanted diamond pick into a dully enchanted netheright pick.
        Same! I was like, wait how is the stone pickaxe beating the diamond pick?
    samee
    They look so similar lol
        I really wish neterite looked... idk... sicker? Some resource packs did it justice, but like you could just make it red or someting that'd look nice.
            should have a fiery aura around it imo. im think hellfire sword from terraria
            They should add ruby to the game and have that as red
                Isn't that just redstone ?
                    Light red instead of a darker red like redstone
            There are some resource packs that make netherite things have bits of diamond and they look pretty cool like that
            I actually like how it looks, what recourse packs change it?
    Same. I was about to start up Minecraft to test if the stone pickaxe is faster
I wish they would revamp gold tools, they feel so useless in the game, but I think that it has a lot of potential
    I mean the gold armor got a use in 1.16, but the tools are still useless...
        The tools have a high enchantability, and you can find them enchanted in the new Portal chests.
            High enchantability doesnt help if the tools are still horribly inefficient even with enchantments
                if they let you transfer enchantments it would have *a* use, though I'm on the fence about whether that would be a good addition.
                    Not sure, but you can increase the material of items now right with a new block?

Chance i have it wrong, but if you're able to upgrade gold to diamond to netherite, you might have a good use by enchanting a gold tool and upgrading that to a better material
                        You can’t upgrade tools other than diamond
                            Yes, but they're saying it would be a good addition to have something to upgrade gold to.
                                actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
                                    Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
                        Unfortunately you do have it wrong. The Smithing Table is the block you're thinking of, but it doesn't increase the material. Its exclusive use is turning diamond equipment into netherite equipment.
                            Oof, if it would also allow gold to diamond, then gold's high enchantability would give it a use.

I think the solution to giving gold tools a good unique use (like this idea) is not too far away
                I use gold as an enchant sink.  Say for example I want fortune 3 on my pick, but the last slot on the enchant table is efficiency 3.  I enchant a gold pick instead, and it gets efficiency 3 and a bunch of other stuff like silk touch, unbreaking, etc.  Now I can disenchant it on a grindstone and get almost 2-3 levels worth of XP back, and now the enchant table shows Fortune 3 to go on my main pick.
                    I just use villagers for enchanting, it's so much easier to get what you want
                        I prefer to use villagers for locking in powerful generalist enchantments, like Mending or efficiency.   Niche enchantments like silk touch, fortune, are more worthwhile through the table imo.
                It's easy early-game access to enchanted tools.
                    Only problem with that is that 95% of the time someone will have at least diamond tools in order to make an enchantment table, meaning they already have a better tool to enchant. If someone gets lucky enough to find 4 obsidian and 2 diamonds from loot chests before getting diamonds, then you could justify enchanting gold tools if you *really* needed silk touch or something. Fortune would only be useful for coal, as gold can’t mine the same things iron can (i.e. diamonds).
                        I was really talking about finding enchanted golden tools in chests. You cannot find enchanted tools other than those until you get to an End City iirc.
                            Unless you want to include a fishing rod
                    For a whopping minute because they break so quick so who cares
                        Getting a Looting or Silk Touch tool early-game can be really helpful.
                            Or fire aspect, I found a fire aspect gold sword on my first day and it made food a lot easier for the first few hours of my world
                            How long do you spend in that early of a game?  Unless you have no idea about diamond ore-gen levels.. In which case you’re also unlikely to know about easy gold enchantment.
                            [deleted]
                                That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
                Yeah, and it doesn't even do much either. Not like you can hit eff VI or something crazy with high enchant-ability. I think that they should make it be more dramatic, allowing you to get something crazy like Smite VII. Trade off of course being that it is gold and will break fast.
                Inefficient? Gold pickaxe is the fastest.
                    Speed doesn’t matter when it can’t mine more than a few dozen blocks. And the fact that it can’t mine anything faster than an efficiency 5 diamond/netherite pick with a haste beacon can.
                        Yeah but which ones easier to acquire
                            Iron is easier to get than gold. It will outperform gold overall thanks to not being made of paper.
                    They may have the highest mining speed, but when you have to carry 50 of them in order to get the same usage as one (1) diamond pickaxe, and they only have the ore-mining capabilities of a wooden pickaxe, they're incredibly inefficient and worth less than dirt.
                        Yeah it's logical to not use gold the only reason you would use gold is if this was runescape and mining those rocks gave you mining xp. Then you would have 100000 gold pickaxe in ur bank as that would be super efficient xp u just lose money haha.
            High enchantability doesn't help at all if the tool can't mine any overworld ores other than coal.
            There’s a seed on YouTube with a spawn near a portal that has a changed axe. They don’t mention it, though, but it has looting and silk touch on a gold axe at spawn. Pretty cool.
                Do you happen to have the yt video or seed? Sounds like a fun start.
                    I’m currently at work but I can look when I get home. There’s enough lava to make a new portal (the existing one has a few pieces of crying obsidian) there’s also a really good pair of gold boots with feather falling 4 I think and a couple other enchants. Very nice start indeed.
                    -1492998934
            I found a golden pickaxe with mending in the very early game and it got a lot of use collecting stacks of coal really quickly.  Mining coal with stone picks just takes so long, and you're always in need of more torches when you go through big caves.
I don't think I'd ever waste actual gold bars making tools though, not with the new nether trading.
        [deleted]
            I am in the same boat as you. Apparently wearing any gold armor allows you to neutralize and trade with a mob in the nether. At least that's what I think it is from looking at the wiki
                [deleted]
                    Piglins attack and chase you if you aren't wearing gold armor or mine gold around them
        They would be incredibly useful if the disenchantment table wasn't only in a mod
            [deleted]
                In a mod (I'm not sure which one, I just know it's from RLCraft), you can craft a disenchantment table. With an enchanted tool and a book, you can remove the top enchantment and put it on the book. The only downside is that it destroys the tool. You could make a bunch of gold tools, enchant them (gold tools get amazing enchantments), take the top enchantment for each one, and make god tools with ease.
                    I think it might be from draconic evolution,might be wrong though
                        Draconic evolution does have a disenchantment table but I'm sure other mods do too
                    You could simply enchant books and combine them and get the same effect.
    At the very least gold has the highest enchantability of any tool.
So you can get good enchants easily.

Also it makes sense they are weak because gold is a soft metal, its not supposed to be used for tools and armor.
        Neither is diamond tho Watch Matpats video of how much diamond armor is worth (i believe thats the one) and it shows hoe because of the crystal formation of diamond, if you hit it in a certain spot with a sword, it would completely shatter.
            But diamonds are also what they use to cut and dig. Sure the incorrect usage could shatter diamonds to dust, there’s also a very practical use for them.
                Yes, but the tools aren't made of straight diamonds. Its usually a metal alloy like steel that is lined with diamond.  Thats the difference between Minecrafts pure diamond tools, and tools that use diamonds today.
                    So basically you should make diamond tools in a manner similar to Netherite tools
                        That woule be the realistic route
                            It's not about "realism", not really anyway. If it was, then all blocks would have gravity physics, pistons would require non-infinite sources of power, and you wouldn't be able to hold 64 meter cubed blocks. 

It's about creating a facsimile of realism. There needed to be a "best tool" and diamonds were it and not gold because a base property of diamond is hardness, and a base property of gold is softness. You use the whole diamond to keep things simple and crafting recipes the same.
                                Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
                                It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
                    Whoa, hold the fucking phone. Are you saying that Minecraft isn't purely based in reality? Stop the fucking press, we gotta tell everyone about this!
        Yeah but neither are diamonds


https://youtu.be/ysdw7cmigZM
            Diamonds are at least hard though gold is one of the softest metals
    Good tools are amazing in speed running though. Gold axes were one of the major components in 1.9+ Rsg speed running before 1.16. And gold tools are using in the current seed for 1.9+ ssg speed running. I think they’re fine where they are at the base level.
        Speed running is such a niche aspect of the larger minecraft community, I really don't think 'useful to speed runners' is enough to call the tools useful in general
            They are also super useful as a "I need to get out of here NOW" tool
                And when do you really need that? I'd never trade an inventory slot, let alone a hotbar slot, for a super situational tool that is going to break like immediately and make me swap anyway.

Gold should break as many blocks as stone or so. Would make it viable for finishing large projects that requiring mining a lot of stone.
                    Personally I don't min-max my bars. I just carry a good pick around for when I drop in lava and need to get into a wall quickly. Or when I need to make a 1x1 hole to duck into to save me from monsters. When it gets close to dead I add a healthy one to my bar.
                        I think it has been years since I've been in any of those situations.
    Gold Tools are used in speed running cause it’s easy to get and breaks so fast, usually u don’t need to break too many blocks
    The gold axe was the fastest though. Why not just carry a bunch of them?
        i use gold axes on a server where durability doesn’t exist, and i can say that there’s a noticeable difference between that and diamond. in vanilla, i’d do that if gold was a bit easier to find. since i don’t have any fancy gold farms, i just stick to making golden apples
            What server is it? Or is it a private server?
                hypixel skyblock
        Gold isn’t all *that* common so it’s usually just less wasteful to use iron. I got a minecart track to build damn it
            Get unbreaking on it
                According to somebody further up that name is misleading and it doesn't prevent it from breaking
                    Well yeah unbreaking enchantments don't make it invulnerable, but it lasts significantly longer, and since gold items are designed to get better enchantments you are more likely to get unbreaking 3. 

Do you not play minecraft?
                        Not since Microsoft bought them and I forgot my password. 

I have opened 2 dozen tickets but they won't respond to help me migrate/recover my alpha account.
                            I've literally had the same problem. I just bought a second account because their support doesn't give a shit or doesn't have the proper tools to help someone like me migrate my account.
    I used to only use gold for a clock and some potions, so when the update came out I had so much gold stored up.
    They should allow Gold tools the ability to get one tier higher than normal on enchantments, ie efficiency 6, Fortune 4, etc. It would exaggerate the high risk/high reward style of gold tools
I'm like the golden pickaxe in a race, I go super fast in the beginning and then I lose my breath : D
    I'm the wood pickaxe, go super slow and lose my breath at the 1st round after all the other people finished
        I am the hands, i can break everything but super slow and without award so i am useless.
    That's what my wife said about me
    My strategy in a race is to go fast in the beginning, fast in the middle, and fast in the end. Not sure why more people don't do that.
    I’m like the wood one with the durability of the golden one.
    Yeah same. I could win so many races if not for my terrible stamina
So what you’re saying is that a gold pickax with unbreaking 3 on it would be much faster than an iron pickax with the same enchantment.
    imagine a gold pickaxe with unbreaking 3, mending, and efficiency 5. the world would crumble at your feet.
        Then go into the nether and mine Netherrack.

I think even with Unbreaking III, the pickaxe would break before you notice...
            with haste, it wouldn’t even matter mining netherrack. imagine if you could insta mine coal!
                Found an unbreaking mending gold pickaxe early game, and only use it for coal. It's great, but only great for that.
                You only need efficiency 4 to insta netherack
            I think you can insta mine nether rack with a gold pick no enchants
        Well, a golden pickaxe with unbreaking 3 still can only break about 128 blocks, and mending isn't that helpful because it can't break most ores, not even iron ore I think
            If you are very lucky the pickaxe might work forever
                50/50 chance. It either breaks or it doesn’t.
                    The only true statistic: 50/50 chance, it’ll either happen or it won’t.
                        Yeah, that's what he said
            Damn that’s like half a normal iron pic
        Actually, an efficiency 5 diamond pickaxe is just as fast as an efficiency 5 gold pickaxe.

Mumbo made a video in this topic.
            On most blocks. However, since that video was made there have been a few changes; a notable one is the addition of basalt, which can be instamined with an efficiency V gold pickaxe but can't quite with efficiency V diamond.
        Efficiency diamond shovel break speed tier.
        Put mending and make all picks mine coal
    As you can see, gold pickaxe was the fastest untill it broke. Faster than netherite
        Yeah, I never knew gold was really that much faster than the rest, seems actually useful for strip mining and the like if you have plenty of gold.
            This is only unenchanted - at which point gold breaks literally 32 blocks. They're exactly the same speed with high levels of efficiency.
At first I was like "Why is the stone pickaxe so fast. Even faster than diamond" And then I remembered about 1.16
    What did they do to it? I just looked at the 1.16 patch info and don’t see what happened to make it faster.
        It wasn’t a stone pick, it was a netherite pick. They just look oddly similar from this angle.
Olym-**pick** games
    omg lmao
    This is my r/angryupvote
Awesome! I'd like to see you do more of these!
    Should I do axes or shovels?
        I’d say do like the top comment says, pickaxes but with the different enchantments, etc - then the other tools. This was really cool!
        enchantments
        Could you also built a podium for 1st,2nd and 3rd place ?
        Hoeing contest, mark it NSFW.
I guess the gold pickaxe couldn't go for the gold.
    aaaaaaaaa
        bbbbbbbbb
            ccccccccc
                [deleted]
                    eeeeeeeeee
                        ffffffffffffffff
                            gggggggggggg
                                hhhhhhhhhhhh
                                    IIIIIIIIII
we all knew what would happen but we all watched it all the way through
F in the chat for my boy stone
    I was rooting for him to make the finish.  Ultimate heartache.
    He was pushing himself too hard, he tried to get to the end, even though his heart was burning. In front of him, he saw the finish line, in its black and white beauty. He would never be able to experience the joys of finishing a race, first place or not, however, as his failing heart gave way in those final steps.
    The good thing about stone is that it's cheap. Whenever I mine close to home I tend to just make a shitton of stone picks and swap between them.
I knew you would’ve designed it so the stone pickaxe was one block off.

Smart.
The wooden pickaxe serves two purposes:

1. Mine 3 stone

2. Cook a porkchop
    There is a third one: sitting in your "random stuff" chest to be forgotten
    I always memorialize mine, like a “remember your roots” kinda deal
I had no idea how fast a golden pickaxe was, isn't worth it having it with a max level unbreaking enchant?
    It still breaks extremely quick even with unbreaking
        Ironic
            He could save others from breaking but not himself..
    No. With the unbreaking III enchantment, it has a 50% chance of breaking before mining 127 blocks.

There is a 99% chance it mines less than 179 blocks.

Probability of breaking distribution charts.
https://i.imgur.com/Q3ZGPeV.png
        I read that as a 50% chance at 127blocks and a 99% chance at 129blocks and spent *so long* trying to wrap my head around how that math would work
    Gold picks are useless because of mining tiers. If gold could break the higher level blocks then it'd have a legit niche and the low durability would not matter as much since you can just repair it with mending and EXP bottles (imagine gold picks on obsidian).
TIL wood is stronger than gold
    Tell that to my girlfriend
        What girlfriend
So gold pickaxe is just renamed rabbit/hare
This comment was removed in protest to Reddit's third party API changes. -- mass edited with redact.dev
netherite for the long distance, gold for short distance
lol that was fun
This is really interesting, I've never seen them put against each other like that before. Awesome stuff!
    What is interesting to me is that the mining speed, except for gold, increases linearly.
Whoever set this up has to know exactly how many blocks a stone pickaxe can mine before it breaks. Charles was set up. This is an outrage.
They should make golden pickaxes even faster. Other wise they so incredibly useless. I mean, they can't even mine gold ores!
Wow, I had no idea gold picks mined so fast! They are almost useless in every way, so I guess I just never tried one before.
Wait, gold is faster than diamond??
    Yes.
    Always has been
    Until today I had no idea gold tools had any actual benefits to them. I always thought they were inbetween stone and iron when it came to speed.

Amazing how much I still haven't learned after 8 years of playing this game.
Gold pickaxe is like that kind of person who pushes themselves to their limit at start, then give up halfway
f for charles
Minecraft Olym-picks
Anyone else hate the color they gave to netherite? Why not some deep purple color? Why dookie earth brown?
    I wish it was dark red like ancient debris
    Me too. The diamonds have always been so iconic along with that pretty light blue colour. Now if you want to use the best, you are forced to look ugly. I hate netherite in general.
    Agreed
    Looks like stone. Especially when enchanted. I don't like Netherite at all tbh, I wish it stayed diamond as the best.
        I like netherite, I just don't like the textures
They were all diamonds in our hearts RIP
An Unbreaking III, Efficency IV, Mending Gold Pick could be unstoppabld
    so would a Haste II Efficiency V netherite pick with no other enchants
        True but add menfing and it could outlast us all
This would be interesting to see how it would compare if after the pick broke it continued at punching speed.  I think wood would beat gold but I’m not sure. 

Also rude to make it just a few too long for the stone pickaxe.
Netherite pickaxe? Have I been away too long
    Yes... yes u have
Took me way too long to realize that netherite is not stone
this is so sad can we get a f in the chat for Charles the stone pickaxe
Suggestion: this again, but with each pick breaking blocks of what they're made of. Wooden pick breaking wood, stone breaking stone, iron breaking iron blocks, etc
    Gold picks can't even properly mine gold blocks.
        Last place for gold again then lol
The fact that you named the stone pick Charles... I nearly cried at the end when I read the RIP Charles. It truly was the greatest plan.
Tf is netherite
Gold pickaxes is that one dude who sprints right at the beginning of the marathon so they could say they were in first place for a few minutes
Wait. The wooden pickaxe shouldn't break at the same place of gold one ?
    Gold has 32 durability wooden has 60 iirc
Man, I’ve been out of the game too long. I don’t even know what Netherite is.
    You’ll have a culture shock
cute
Why do i feel im watching a reigraw comparisions video lol
For servers that dont have durability gold is still the best (besides not breaking everything)
So you're telling me, gold is the fastest pickaxe in the game?
    Always has been
but this, this does put a smile on my face
but which lasts longer netherite or diamond?
    netherite
I thought the netherite was wood, so I was sooo confused
Haven't played much and only just got 1.16, i was so confused when netherite won as i thought it was stone.... was thinking to myself why it was taking so long to break and why diamond was slower.
It's like a compairasion of interney browser, golden pickaxe describe as internet explorer and others are chrome firefox etc.
Another reason why people don’t use golden pickaxes is that once you get efficiency V and a haste II beacon, their’s really no difference
Man stone pickaxe was so close 
Feelsbadman
Lowkey forgot about netherite and thought a wooden pickaxe was dominating
just get mending and a bunch of unbreaking and stuff on gold, easy
Fuck John
Okay but
Gold pickaxe with unbreaking
Netherite is a thing? Since when? How out of the Minecraft loop am I?
Don’t even play Minecraft, but that was fun to watcj
Golden pickaxe with unbreaking and mending is invencible
So theoretically, gold would've won if the race was 33 blocks or less
I don't play this game, but I saw this on /r/all and thought it was a really fascinating display of the different base materials' abilities!  What particularly jumped out at me was that Netherite finished the "course" before wood could even catch up to gold's break point.

(I'm going to try not to get nitpicky about how gold is a very soft metal that absolutely would NOT have been the fastest out the gate, because this is a video game and video games should be fun, damn it.)
People seriously forget how insanely fast golden tools are. The lead it had was ridiculous. Shame it breaks in .0000000001 seconds
>!The "Valiant Hero" Ending!<
I like to use stone pickaxes when mining because I’ll never run out of cobble and they’re fairly fast
I guess I never really considered it, but keeping a large supply of gold picks could be worth.
TIL that gold is the fastest
i’m sure we were all pretty shocked for a second that gold was literally flying through the blocks quick
Why did I think the netherite was stone
    I see u are new to reddit you see reddit wants to be unlike any other social media so we don’t use those ugly yellow circle thingys with eyes so we as redditers have the right to downvote anyone who uses them
Lol, you knew stone was going to break there, that's why you put the finish line a few blocks away.
They should just make gold picks better, at least give them equal durability to wood.
*Netherite*? Man I feel like a Minecraft dinosaur. Didn't know they had something better than diamond.
#I thought the netherite was wood
I once had a gold pick that I found in an abandoned portal thing, it had fortune 3, so I broke three diamond veins with it before I realized, gold can’t break gold ore. But it had efficiency 4 so I had no clue!
The exact frame that the gold pickaxe broke and the text popped up on the screen my video started buffering lol.
Ngl I thought that was cobblestone ahead and was just like my life is a lie
Who knew the golden pickaxe was that fast
Ngl you kinda screwed stone over by adding those couple extra blocks.
We all knew netherite was gonna win but we watched it anyway
I was rooting for Charles, it was so sad
Gold pickaxe with mending mining coal would win tho
I felt the stone pickaxes emotions when it said oh no
I hate you for the ending, still get my upvote, that’s great ^^
That is the reason why i am running tetra
Ahh I was routing for stone to finish :(
It's really satisfying to see that the increase between the main picks is linear. Except gold. Screw gold.
I thought that funny-looking stone was winning for a moment until I saw some weird reddish tint.
annnnd we have gold off to a great start here really flying out of the gates it's incredible, it's amazing, it's -...all over. Gold seems to have pulled his hamstring.
wait wood pickaxes have more durability than gold?
May I ask how you did this? Because this is awesome!
I don't even know why gold existed before the newest update. I might have used it about zero times.
[Appropriate music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npk09y8dgF4)
Fun fact gold armor and tools have higher chance of getting great enchantments than any other tool or armor.
RIP 

Charles
William
John

*You will be dearly missed.*
So the gold pickaxe only breaks once and is out but the wood one lasts the whole thing....
F to pay respects to that stone pickaxe
Netherite is just diamond in dark mode
Why did I watch this? I already knew what the results would be
is gold really that much faster?
I feel so bad for stone
"No one uses gold" *ANGRY PIGLIN NOISES*
They had us in the first half not gonna lie
I was hoping for diamond to break before it crossed...
But breaking the coble one is unacceptable
Charles be like top ten saddest anime deaths
Gold breaks as fast as it mines
For speed running, gold tools are actually really useful, becuse as this showed, gold (unenchamted) is actually really fast.
Wait today it's my cake fay too!
I was so confused because I thought the netherite was stone lmao
TIL there are tools above Diamond quality.
    Same. I stopped following updates  a long time ago. I wasn't aware you could make a pickaxe out of it. But, not that I do, if I play again, I might have to start using that instead.
    Sorry you’re getting downvoted, but this is how I learned as well. I haven’t played for a while, but this came across my front page, so I checked it out and learned about the new tools.
gold pickaxe be like my pp, fast cum gang
Poor for the golden pickaxe
plot twist: netherite wins
This is super cool. Are all of these base picks? IE no efficiency or unbreaking
Feel bad for Stone though
The second one beats the third one?
Gold pickaxe : I'm faster than all of you 
Literally all the other pickaxes : But can you go farther tho ?
Awesome thing btw
The race was rigged from the beginning!
Gold pickaxe must be a sprinter
Super Mario 64 - Slider Race Theme intensifies
Why you gotta do Charles like that
Too bad the gold breakers too fast
I do remember though somebody on a greifing video was able to spawn in a stack of gold axes and make short work of somebody's base.
Rip stone pickaxe
Omfg I thought that the netherite pic was a stone pic and I was like wtf how is a stone pic better than diamond
Gold pickaxe: "I used to rule the world"
F for stone pickaxe
I don't have audio on and all I can think of is the Mario slide music
charles the stone pickaxe

flashbacks to henry stickman game

why must you hurt me in this way
You should post this in r/dataisbeautiful
Why u gotta do ma boi stone like that?
All I got from this is that I should make lots of gold pickaxes
I love this format, really original and amusing, keep doing them man :) !!
I thought netherite was stone and I was so confused XD
most of the time u cant get any of them without the slowest one
Wait if netherite is faster than diamond does this mean with efficiency 5 haste 2 it can instabreak cobble?
we all knew what was gonna happen yet it was still so exciting
i knew it
Gold is and always will be fastest tho durability is shit
I only use gold tools, easy to get too! Mending + unbreaking + beacon + efficiency.

Whenever my picks gonna break I just have a shulker box with an anvil and more gold pickaxe to fix my pick, or transfer my enchantments to it.

Easy :)
Here take my last 75 coins
RIP william, he was my homie
i thought it was stone pic that was winning at first
I was more upset than I should have been when the stone pickaxe broke, he was so close.
I still remember the first time I found gold. I was so excited, created a pickaxe, and then noticed it was almost destroyed after barely using it. Tragic to this day
Why in the world would you place gold *before* iron?
Missed opportunity to call it the Olympick games
If the golden picxaxe was more durable it everybody would use it
I know near nothing about minecraft, but found this quite interesting.
Actually, gold is so easy to obtain these days I wonder if I should try carrying a hotbar of them for a strip mining trip and see how it goes
I had my brightness low so I was just sitting here like "damm, how come that other stone pickaxe is faster than diamond?"
Why do i wanna see this but with shovel and axe?
That was beautiful
I love this!!
I remember pre fire patch (when fire would keep spreading indefinitely), someone started a fire on our server in our deep dense forest. We made a habit of tossing saplings whenever we were traveling through it, so it has become a massive kind of superbiome of our server.

Pooling our resources, we crafted stacks and stacks gold swords for us to carry into the forest (this was before shears) and we toiled for hours desperately trying to cut down all the leaves to create a firewall in front of the encroaching flames. But you couldn't go too near the flames, or your PC would crash. We would get too ambitious and the flames would go around us, then have to start over from farther back. We lost so much forest...

People also had a bunch of cottages out there, and a giant central tree fort. But the main problem was that the further the flames spread, the worse our server's performance got. Eventually, our host would probably be unable to even run it.

It was pretty epic. And knowing so little about the technical details of Minecraft at the time only enriched the experience.

Anyway, it was a pyrrhic victory
Gold is basically that one kid running the mile who just full on sprints at the start till he can’t run anymore...
For a second I thought neither was stone and I got confused
is neterite that fast ???
For some reason I thought netherite was a stone pickaxe and I was confused as fuck
Are there more of these? Like with shovels and axes and stuff
I was like, why the hell is stone going so fast? Then I realized netherite is a thing and I haven't played in half a year.
The panning camera and cheeky comments were top-notch, great work!
That is an amazing presentation.
Nobody likes john
I'm relatively new and I was like damn why am I not using gold... oh I see.
Whats the purpose of the gold pick in the game? Ive been playing the game since i was like 7 - 8 yrs and never used it
In my life i am the stone pickaxe.
Very cool video
Love how the stone pick got screwed over in this
It boggles my mind that when mining normal blocks nobody uses enchanted gold
Is a gold pickaxe with unbreaking worth using then? I haven’t played minecraft in so long
TF are you telling me that gold is fastest on stone?
Rip stone pick, a true friend that almost everybody has
It is me or they make the stone pick name “charles” on purpose 

.

. 

.
Anyone else commentate it like it was a horse race? No just me? Ok.
No R.I.P. for my boy David the Golden Pickaxe???
I haven't played in a while. What's better than diamond?
F for the pickaxes
I thought stone was winning until it said "netherite has won the race"

Dang I'm still stuck in 1.8
I love how they gave names to the broken pickaxes
The whole time I was like damn I had no idea iron was faster than diamond that’s nutty
Oh who would have guessed /s
Interesting video u should do more like axes would be nice
I had no idea gold was that fast
CHARLES WHY
Cool! Now I can get back to mining since I stop playing for a year
the fact that the wooden pickaxe lasts longer than the golden one blows my mind
I might be wrong but netherite pickaxes mine at the same speed as diamond
Wtf is the one that won. I thought diamond was best
I can't believe you made it just long enough to cuck stone pickaxe
I was gonna be upset if this only mentioned speed and not durability to make gold seem better. Apparently there’s a lotta gold fanboys and I don’t understand why
I've never played minecraft. Why did I watch this.
Didn't realise gold was so fast
Doing this with Golden Unbreaking Pickaxes would at least be more exciting because the winner can be random.
    Because fun fact, unbreaking does not give the tool more durability. It gives it a chance to not lose durability when you break a block. Just wanted to point this out in case anyone wanted to argue with your comment because you are correct
        huh i didn’t know this thanks
            Same! I thought it made it last longer before losing beginning durability
                Fear not because with a constant xp source, a mending pickaxe is unbreakable
                    How about a gold pickaxe with mending and unbreaking III?
                        it will beat others out if he'll if used correctly
                            [deleted]
                                [removed]
                        If you just mine a bunch of stone it will break
                        if it's ores it will probably win ezpz
                        [removed]
                        The same as a diamond pickaxe with those enchantments but it has a much smaller buffer
                        It's an excellent choice as long as you mine things that drop XP. I'd still use something that can mine obsidian though.
                        If the line was made of ores instead of stone
                        Mending is mainly used for swords or fishing rods because you need to obtain exp to not lose durability. If you were mining all redstone ore, then I guess it could work, but anything below iron would lose even more time because they can't mine redstone ore.
                            Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
                    Did you know that diamond is unbreakable? Only the crazy ones.
                    Mining cobblestone and cooking it?
                    Mending fishing poles NEVER run out.

I mean they do, but logically, they don't.
                        Fun fact: you can break a mending fishing pole if you use it for combat purposes rather then fishing. You can also swap to another item right before you pick up the fishing xp to effectively break it aswell.
                    Fun fact: if you use a fishing rod with mending for its intended use, the fishing rod is unbreakable
                    Thank god for so farming
                It does exactly that but not the way you thought it does (the lasting longer before breaking part)
        Exactly, it's funny thinking that it's possible that your tools NEVER break
            r/Terraria would like a word.
                [deleted]
                    [deleted]
                        Nah, that doesn't count since you can't actually use it as a tool.
                            You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
                            You can use it as a toilet.
                                only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
            I gotta netherite unbreaking 3 pickaxe with mending. I grid mine with it and it'll never break unless I just intentionally skip blocks that drop xp
                Mining through the nether for 4000 blocks to get back from the End Stronghold to my base almost took mine out, had to actively stop and mine quartz whenever I saw it.

(4000, not in a straight line, mostly diagonal and about 2-3 blocks wide the whole way because I was just flailing side to side with efficiency 5 to just get home faster)
                    If you have mending armor, take it off while mining. It sucks up EXP and levels you up instead of using it all to heal. 

I have a non mending armor set specifically for mining. Non thorns as well to give it durability in case I am hit. Most dangerous is to go with no armor at all
                        Good to know for elsewhere, but this was on the way back from fighting the ender dragon lol. I didn't bring 2 sets of armor for that.
                        Wasn't that changed recently? At least my xp farms seem to work now with mending armor on
                    Yea you have to mine all the quartz you see in the nether given how fast netherrack mines and how theres no other source of mining xp except the gold blocks (but that's minimal)
            right silly us for foolishly assuming a magical video game enchantment called UNBREAKING made our tools not break? seems like a pretty fair misunderstanding lol
                It does do that though lol
            It’s also possible that your tool doesn’t last any longer than an unenchanted one, too
                Just very, *very* unlikely.
            I didn’t think they would never break, but I did think it increased durability in a consistent way instead of a random way. I guess it makes sense because the one that can give more resources is random also, right?
        If we think of it as "expected durability" because of the chance to break, then perhaps one could argue "the tools last longer in most situations"

*probability class flashbacks
            yeah, the minecraft wiki page for Unbreaking will give you the breakdown as far as the average extra durability from each level
            There is a high chance it lasts longer but not certain.
        So gold can win if it’s lucky enough?
            Only if it's enchanted, which it isn't.
                Don't put it in your pocket. Otherwise it'll get mixed with the others and become just a quarter. Which it is.
        Soo Fortune, Mending, unbreaking to make Gold Pickaxe the best
            Only if you're mining almost nothing but ores and/or are exceedingly careful. Mining any significant amount of stone will generally result in losing enough durability at once to break it before you get to the next patch of ore to reload.

Diamond's just better. As fast as gold is, you still need at least Haste 1 to instamine stone. But if you've got the beacon anyway, you might as well go for Haste 2, and then diamond catches up. All that remains is a speed boost on digging up the actual ores, and that's not significant enough to matter.
        Is a golden pickaxe has Mending and Unbreaking III viable for general use?
            Nah it’d have to be repaired way to often
            For general use - no, but there are some niche uses it's good for: if you want to go to Mesa and mine some terracota without having to set up beacon, Efficiency V gold pickaxe will be able to instamine it. Low durability also makes it cheap to repair with Mending, so you can get decent mileage out of it using bunch of Bottles of enchanting.
            Not really. Unless you're only using it to harvest Lapis and coal. In which case, I mean, I guess? But why would you have a whole hotbar space for just that one niche pick
            Absolutely not. It can only mine coal. That’s it!!!
        If you turn on extra stats you can see the tool durability when you hover over the tool. From what I've noticed it's not chance to not lose durability, but each level of unbreaking makes it take more block breaks before the durability actually goes down.
    Imagine that, the golden pickaxe could finish the entire race without losing a single durability point. Thanks for the info!
        With the same race length as in the video (144 blocks) and an Unbreaking III Golden Pickaxe, the odds of that happening are approximately 2×10^(-87). That's 0.00000...002%, with 86 zeros total.
            So your saying theres a chance.
                Like a if you started a new version of this race every second since the moment of the big bang it probably still won't happen "chance".

Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.
                    > Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.

This is what I read.  Let's do it!
                        \- Every PM ever
                    If that probability shown is correct, if you started it as many times as there are subatomic particles in the entire universe then there's still about a one in a 10 million chance.

Number of particles = 3.2x10^80 or so
                    I mean, that's like saying "I'm 99% sure it won't work".  

So you aren't sure then.
                        It is theoretically possible, but it will never happen.

The chance is so infinitely small that it is effectively zero.

You could have every computer in the world playing Minecraft simultaneously running this race over and over again for your entire lifespan and you could still say with confidence that it will never happen.
                        More like saying a "I'm 99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999998% sure it wont work."

I think I counted the 9's right.
                    It could succeed on its first try though, and then fail for the next 2x10^87 times.
                Technically something but practically nothing.
                Never tell me the odds!
            What are the odds it would get to the end before breaking?
                Now that calculation is more difficult.

A Golden Pickaxe has a durability of 32. So it can finish the race with any amount between 32 and 0 (because a tool only brakes when used at 0 durability, not when reaching 0).

The odds of retaining durability with Unbreaking III is 75% for each use. We need to activate that at least 112 times to reach the goal with at least 0 durability left.

We're basically tossing a coin 144 times and hope to get heads 112 times of them, whereas the coin is imbalanced and has a 75% chance of landing a heads.
The formula for this is the binomial probability:

P(112) = (144 over 112)×0.75^(112)×0.25^(144-112)

~~which equates to a chance of approximately 5.9%.~~

Please feel free to correct if I'm wrong.

Edit: I think I forgot the "at least" bit regarding the 112 heads – really you'd need to add up all probabilities for P(112+x) for all x between 0 and 32, which then is a chance of something more like 25%.
                    well actually, tools break after 1 durability. 0 durability tools were removed a few updates ago. it'll say 1/32 and then break
                        Oh really? Well then, that brings the chance down to around [19.4%](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum_%28x%3D1%29%5E%2832%29+%28144+binom+112%2Bx%29*0.75%5E%28112%2Bx%29*0.25%5E%2832-x%29).
                            I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
                                Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
                                Nice
                if I got it correct, it should be around 20%

[wolframalpha link](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumlowerlimit%22%7D+-%3E%220%22&assumption=%7B%22C%22%2C+%22sum%22%7D+-%3E+%7B%22Calculator%22%7D&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumfunction%22%7D+-%3E%22C%28144%2Cx%29*0.25%5Ex*0.75%5E%28144-x%29%22&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumupperlimit2%22%7D+-%3E%2231%22) (x is the lost durability)

\---

Update, I don't know why I believe it's 144, but apparently it should be 134, which turns out to be 35%, here is my [another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/id9vpq/all_pickaxes_racing_against_each_other/g27x81e?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
            The odds of something happening are always 0.5, because it either happens or it doesn't. Lol.


JkJk, I know that is a stupid argument, but hey the possibility of it not losing any durability still does exist so you never know
                Technically, but yet still impossible I like to say
                It isn't true: for example when you roll a dice the probability to get 6 (or a any number of your choice) is 1/6.
But I like your way of thinking
                    No, you either get a 6 or not a 6, still 50/50
            Never tell me the odds - Solo.
        You can manipulate unbreaking tools to always not loose durability using RNG manipulation which is totally possible in Vanilla Minecraft. Earth Computer did a video on this. So you can have gold tools that don’t break.
    Gold pickaxe

Mending

Unbreaking 3

Efficiency 5

Fortune 3
        Mending would only matter when mining something like coal or Nether Quartz though.
            Efficiency gold pickaxe go brrr-*snap*
            However, the mending gained from mining those materials would still cause your pickaxe to last just that little bit longer.
                Pickaxe snapping intensifies
        Mending and fortune wouldn’t make a difference as it’s all stone
    Random efficiency and random unbreking in a golden pickaxe race would have me on the edge of my seat
For sure. I'd love to see how far/fast unbreaking and efficiency go.
    And haste 2 =)
        Efficiency V and haste II on diamond or better is instant mine
            Golden Pickaxe

-	Haste II
-	Mending
-	Unbreaking III
-	Efficiency V

This is… requiem
                If you built a tall enough stone pillar, stood at the top with this pickaxe and mined straight down would you take fall damage when it broke?
                    No you experience an infinite loop of mining all possible blocks always approaching the truthful answer to your question but you will not reach the truth because this is the power of Golden Pickaxe Requiem
                        H-how many times am I going to be mined!?
                    No, because being in the air rather than standing on a block slows you enough that you lose instant-mine.
                    Yes
                    No because there are midair block breaking penalties similar to trying to break blocks underwater.
                1 Tick is not less than 1 Tick.
                    So to defeat the galactic empire you just change the value of 1tick=0tick?
Someone did that recently.  Ends up, efficiency 5 is more important then the type of pickaxe.  Longevity is the important part then.
Yes! OP certainly needs to do this!
It's my first time knowing that a netherite pickaxe was added it's been a while since i followed anything about minecraft
    [removed]
        [deleted]
            Last time I played Minecraft was 2011 and I am in a world of confusion right now
                Jeez that’s been a long time. You definitely check it out again you probably can still enjoy it.
                    Yeah it’s like a whole new game. I imagine it would be like playing a full sized sequel to minecraft. minecraft 2: redstone boogaloo
                Right? All sorts of interesting nonsense in it now .. Hmm..
            [removed]
                Yup, but if you're smart you'll do it with explosives
                    I do bed mining. Its cheaper.
                        That's fair, I have a gunpowder farm for my elytra so I use those to avoid the fire that beds leave
                            Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
                                https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
        Yes it is still sorta very new. It was implemented in the newest 1.16 update together with a new nether. Now netheright is an even more valuable ore than a diamond because we need 4 smelted ancient debre to get a netheright ingot in return you can convert your full enchanted diamond pick into a dully enchanted netheright pick.
    Same! I was like, wait how is the stone pickaxe beating the diamond pick?
samee
They look so similar lol
    I really wish neterite looked... idk... sicker? Some resource packs did it justice, but like you could just make it red or someting that'd look nice.
        should have a fiery aura around it imo. im think hellfire sword from terraria
        They should add ruby to the game and have that as red
            Isn't that just redstone ?
                Light red instead of a darker red like redstone
        There are some resource packs that make netherite things have bits of diamond and they look pretty cool like that
        I actually like how it looks, what recourse packs change it?
Same. I was about to start up Minecraft to test if the stone pickaxe is faster
I mean the gold armor got a use in 1.16, but the tools are still useless...
    The tools have a high enchantability, and you can find them enchanted in the new Portal chests.
        High enchantability doesnt help if the tools are still horribly inefficient even with enchantments
            if they let you transfer enchantments it would have *a* use, though I'm on the fence about whether that would be a good addition.
                Not sure, but you can increase the material of items now right with a new block?

Chance i have it wrong, but if you're able to upgrade gold to diamond to netherite, you might have a good use by enchanting a gold tool and upgrading that to a better material
                    You can’t upgrade tools other than diamond
                        Yes, but they're saying it would be a good addition to have something to upgrade gold to.
                            actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
                                Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
                    Unfortunately you do have it wrong. The Smithing Table is the block you're thinking of, but it doesn't increase the material. Its exclusive use is turning diamond equipment into netherite equipment.
                        Oof, if it would also allow gold to diamond, then gold's high enchantability would give it a use.

I think the solution to giving gold tools a good unique use (like this idea) is not too far away
            I use gold as an enchant sink.  Say for example I want fortune 3 on my pick, but the last slot on the enchant table is efficiency 3.  I enchant a gold pick instead, and it gets efficiency 3 and a bunch of other stuff like silk touch, unbreaking, etc.  Now I can disenchant it on a grindstone and get almost 2-3 levels worth of XP back, and now the enchant table shows Fortune 3 to go on my main pick.
                I just use villagers for enchanting, it's so much easier to get what you want
                    I prefer to use villagers for locking in powerful generalist enchantments, like Mending or efficiency.   Niche enchantments like silk touch, fortune, are more worthwhile through the table imo.
            It's easy early-game access to enchanted tools.
                Only problem with that is that 95% of the time someone will have at least diamond tools in order to make an enchantment table, meaning they already have a better tool to enchant. If someone gets lucky enough to find 4 obsidian and 2 diamonds from loot chests before getting diamonds, then you could justify enchanting gold tools if you *really* needed silk touch or something. Fortune would only be useful for coal, as gold can’t mine the same things iron can (i.e. diamonds).
                    I was really talking about finding enchanted golden tools in chests. You cannot find enchanted tools other than those until you get to an End City iirc.
                        Unless you want to include a fishing rod
                For a whopping minute because they break so quick so who cares
                    Getting a Looting or Silk Touch tool early-game can be really helpful.
                        Or fire aspect, I found a fire aspect gold sword on my first day and it made food a lot easier for the first few hours of my world
                        How long do you spend in that early of a game?  Unless you have no idea about diamond ore-gen levels.. In which case you’re also unlikely to know about easy gold enchantment.
                        [deleted]
                            That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
            Yeah, and it doesn't even do much either. Not like you can hit eff VI or something crazy with high enchant-ability. I think that they should make it be more dramatic, allowing you to get something crazy like Smite VII. Trade off of course being that it is gold and will break fast.
            Inefficient? Gold pickaxe is the fastest.
                Speed doesn’t matter when it can’t mine more than a few dozen blocks. And the fact that it can’t mine anything faster than an efficiency 5 diamond/netherite pick with a haste beacon can.
                    Yeah but which ones easier to acquire
                        Iron is easier to get than gold. It will outperform gold overall thanks to not being made of paper.
                They may have the highest mining speed, but when you have to carry 50 of them in order to get the same usage as one (1) diamond pickaxe, and they only have the ore-mining capabilities of a wooden pickaxe, they're incredibly inefficient and worth less than dirt.
                    Yeah it's logical to not use gold the only reason you would use gold is if this was runescape and mining those rocks gave you mining xp. Then you would have 100000 gold pickaxe in ur bank as that would be super efficient xp u just lose money haha.
        High enchantability doesn't help at all if the tool can't mine any overworld ores other than coal.
        There’s a seed on YouTube with a spawn near a portal that has a changed axe. They don’t mention it, though, but it has looting and silk touch on a gold axe at spawn. Pretty cool.
            Do you happen to have the yt video or seed? Sounds like a fun start.
                I’m currently at work but I can look when I get home. There’s enough lava to make a new portal (the existing one has a few pieces of crying obsidian) there’s also a really good pair of gold boots with feather falling 4 I think and a couple other enchants. Very nice start indeed.
                -1492998934
        I found a golden pickaxe with mending in the very early game and it got a lot of use collecting stacks of coal really quickly.  Mining coal with stone picks just takes so long, and you're always in need of more torches when you go through big caves.
I don't think I'd ever waste actual gold bars making tools though, not with the new nether trading.
    [deleted]
        I am in the same boat as you. Apparently wearing any gold armor allows you to neutralize and trade with a mob in the nether. At least that's what I think it is from looking at the wiki
            [deleted]
                Piglins attack and chase you if you aren't wearing gold armor or mine gold around them
    They would be incredibly useful if the disenchantment table wasn't only in a mod
        [deleted]
            In a mod (I'm not sure which one, I just know it's from RLCraft), you can craft a disenchantment table. With an enchanted tool and a book, you can remove the top enchantment and put it on the book. The only downside is that it destroys the tool. You could make a bunch of gold tools, enchant them (gold tools get amazing enchantments), take the top enchantment for each one, and make god tools with ease.
                I think it might be from draconic evolution,might be wrong though
                    Draconic evolution does have a disenchantment table but I'm sure other mods do too
                You could simply enchant books and combine them and get the same effect.
At the very least gold has the highest enchantability of any tool.
So you can get good enchants easily.

Also it makes sense they are weak because gold is a soft metal, its not supposed to be used for tools and armor.
    Neither is diamond tho Watch Matpats video of how much diamond armor is worth (i believe thats the one) and it shows hoe because of the crystal formation of diamond, if you hit it in a certain spot with a sword, it would completely shatter.
        But diamonds are also what they use to cut and dig. Sure the incorrect usage could shatter diamonds to dust, there’s also a very practical use for them.
            Yes, but the tools aren't made of straight diamonds. Its usually a metal alloy like steel that is lined with diamond.  Thats the difference between Minecrafts pure diamond tools, and tools that use diamonds today.
                So basically you should make diamond tools in a manner similar to Netherite tools
                    That woule be the realistic route
                        It's not about "realism", not really anyway. If it was, then all blocks would have gravity physics, pistons would require non-infinite sources of power, and you wouldn't be able to hold 64 meter cubed blocks. 

It's about creating a facsimile of realism. There needed to be a "best tool" and diamonds were it and not gold because a base property of diamond is hardness, and a base property of gold is softness. You use the whole diamond to keep things simple and crafting recipes the same.
                            Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
                            It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
                Whoa, hold the fucking phone. Are you saying that Minecraft isn't purely based in reality? Stop the fucking press, we gotta tell everyone about this!
    Yeah but neither are diamonds


https://youtu.be/ysdw7cmigZM
        Diamonds are at least hard though gold is one of the softest metals
Good tools are amazing in speed running though. Gold axes were one of the major components in 1.9+ Rsg speed running before 1.16. And gold tools are using in the current seed for 1.9+ ssg speed running. I think they’re fine where they are at the base level.
    Speed running is such a niche aspect of the larger minecraft community, I really don't think 'useful to speed runners' is enough to call the tools useful in general
        They are also super useful as a "I need to get out of here NOW" tool
            And when do you really need that? I'd never trade an inventory slot, let alone a hotbar slot, for a super situational tool that is going to break like immediately and make me swap anyway.

Gold should break as many blocks as stone or so. Would make it viable for finishing large projects that requiring mining a lot of stone.
                Personally I don't min-max my bars. I just carry a good pick around for when I drop in lava and need to get into a wall quickly. Or when I need to make a 1x1 hole to duck into to save me from monsters. When it gets close to dead I add a healthy one to my bar.
                    I think it has been years since I've been in any of those situations.
Gold Tools are used in speed running cause it’s easy to get and breaks so fast, usually u don’t need to break too many blocks
The gold axe was the fastest though. Why not just carry a bunch of them?
    i use gold axes on a server where durability doesn’t exist, and i can say that there’s a noticeable difference between that and diamond. in vanilla, i’d do that if gold was a bit easier to find. since i don’t have any fancy gold farms, i just stick to making golden apples
        What server is it? Or is it a private server?
            hypixel skyblock
    Gold isn’t all *that* common so it’s usually just less wasteful to use iron. I got a minecart track to build damn it
        Get unbreaking on it
            According to somebody further up that name is misleading and it doesn't prevent it from breaking
                Well yeah unbreaking enchantments don't make it invulnerable, but it lasts significantly longer, and since gold items are designed to get better enchantments you are more likely to get unbreaking 3. 

Do you not play minecraft?
                    Not since Microsoft bought them and I forgot my password. 

I have opened 2 dozen tickets but they won't respond to help me migrate/recover my alpha account.
                        I've literally had the same problem. I just bought a second account because their support doesn't give a shit or doesn't have the proper tools to help someone like me migrate my account.
I used to only use gold for a clock and some potions, so when the update came out I had so much gold stored up.
They should allow Gold tools the ability to get one tier higher than normal on enchantments, ie efficiency 6, Fortune 4, etc. It would exaggerate the high risk/high reward style of gold tools
I'm the wood pickaxe, go super slow and lose my breath at the 1st round after all the other people finished
    I am the hands, i can break everything but super slow and without award so i am useless.
That's what my wife said about me
My strategy in a race is to go fast in the beginning, fast in the middle, and fast in the end. Not sure why more people don't do that.
I’m like the wood one with the durability of the golden one.
Yeah same. I could win so many races if not for my terrible stamina
imagine a gold pickaxe with unbreaking 3, mending, and efficiency 5. the world would crumble at your feet.
    Then go into the nether and mine Netherrack.

I think even with Unbreaking III, the pickaxe would break before you notice...
        with haste, it wouldn’t even matter mining netherrack. imagine if you could insta mine coal!
            Found an unbreaking mending gold pickaxe early game, and only use it for coal. It's great, but only great for that.
            You only need efficiency 4 to insta netherack
        I think you can insta mine nether rack with a gold pick no enchants
    Well, a golden pickaxe with unbreaking 3 still can only break about 128 blocks, and mending isn't that helpful because it can't break most ores, not even iron ore I think
        If you are very lucky the pickaxe might work forever
            50/50 chance. It either breaks or it doesn’t.
                The only true statistic: 50/50 chance, it’ll either happen or it won’t.
                    Yeah, that's what he said
        Damn that’s like half a normal iron pic
    Actually, an efficiency 5 diamond pickaxe is just as fast as an efficiency 5 gold pickaxe.

Mumbo made a video in this topic.
        On most blocks. However, since that video was made there have been a few changes; a notable one is the addition of basalt, which can be instamined with an efficiency V gold pickaxe but can't quite with efficiency V diamond.
    Efficiency diamond shovel break speed tier.
    Put mending and make all picks mine coal
As you can see, gold pickaxe was the fastest untill it broke. Faster than netherite
    Yeah, I never knew gold was really that much faster than the rest, seems actually useful for strip mining and the like if you have plenty of gold.
        This is only unenchanted - at which point gold breaks literally 32 blocks. They're exactly the same speed with high levels of efficiency.
What did they do to it? I just looked at the 1.16 patch info and don’t see what happened to make it faster.
    It wasn’t a stone pick, it was a netherite pick. They just look oddly similar from this angle.
omg lmao
This is my r/angryupvote
Should I do axes or shovels?
    I’d say do like the top comment says, pickaxes but with the different enchantments, etc - then the other tools. This was really cool!
    enchantments
    Could you also built a podium for 1st,2nd and 3rd place ?
    Hoeing contest, mark it NSFW.
aaaaaaaaa
    bbbbbbbbb
        ccccccccc
            [deleted]
                eeeeeeeeee
                    ffffffffffffffff
                        gggggggggggg
                            hhhhhhhhhhhh
                                IIIIIIIIII
I was rooting for him to make the finish.  Ultimate heartache.
He was pushing himself too hard, he tried to get to the end, even though his heart was burning. In front of him, he saw the finish line, in its black and white beauty. He would never be able to experience the joys of finishing a race, first place or not, however, as his failing heart gave way in those final steps.
The good thing about stone is that it's cheap. Whenever I mine close to home I tend to just make a shitton of stone picks and swap between them.
There is a third one: sitting in your "random stuff" chest to be forgotten
I always memorialize mine, like a “remember your roots” kinda deal
It still breaks extremely quick even with unbreaking
    Ironic
        He could save others from breaking but not himself..
No. With the unbreaking III enchantment, it has a 50% chance of breaking before mining 127 blocks.

There is a 99% chance it mines less than 179 blocks.

Probability of breaking distribution charts.
https://i.imgur.com/Q3ZGPeV.png
    I read that as a 50% chance at 127blocks and a 99% chance at 129blocks and spent *so long* trying to wrap my head around how that math would work
Gold picks are useless because of mining tiers. If gold could break the higher level blocks then it'd have a legit niche and the low durability would not matter as much since you can just repair it with mending and EXP bottles (imagine gold picks on obsidian).
Tell that to my girlfriend
    What girlfriend
What is interesting to me is that the mining speed, except for gold, increases linearly.
Yes.
Always has been
Until today I had no idea gold tools had any actual benefits to them. I always thought they were inbetween stone and iron when it came to speed.

Amazing how much I still haven't learned after 8 years of playing this game.
I wish it was dark red like ancient debris
Me too. The diamonds have always been so iconic along with that pretty light blue colour. Now if you want to use the best, you are forced to look ugly. I hate netherite in general.
Agreed
Looks like stone. Especially when enchanted. I don't like Netherite at all tbh, I wish it stayed diamond as the best.
    I like netherite, I just don't like the textures
so would a Haste II Efficiency V netherite pick with no other enchants
    True but add menfing and it could outlast us all
Yes... yes u have
Gold picks can't even properly mine gold blocks.
    Last place for gold again then lol
Gold has 32 durability wooden has 60 iirc
You’ll have a culture shock
Always has been
netherite
I see u are new to reddit you see reddit wants to be unlike any other social media so we don’t use those ugly yellow circle thingys with eyes so we as redditers have the right to downvote anyone who uses them
Same. I stopped following updates  a long time ago. I wasn't aware you could make a pickaxe out of it. But, not that I do, if I play again, I might have to start using that instead.
Sorry you’re getting downvoted, but this is how I learned as well. I haven’t played for a while, but this came across my front page, so I checked it out and learned about the new tools.
Because fun fact, unbreaking does not give the tool more durability. It gives it a chance to not lose durability when you break a block. Just wanted to point this out in case anyone wanted to argue with your comment because you are correct
    huh i didn’t know this thanks
        Same! I thought it made it last longer before losing beginning durability
            Fear not because with a constant xp source, a mending pickaxe is unbreakable
                How about a gold pickaxe with mending and unbreaking III?
                    it will beat others out if he'll if used correctly
                        [deleted]
                            [removed]
                    If you just mine a bunch of stone it will break
                    if it's ores it will probably win ezpz
                    [removed]
                    The same as a diamond pickaxe with those enchantments but it has a much smaller buffer
                    It's an excellent choice as long as you mine things that drop XP. I'd still use something that can mine obsidian though.
                    If the line was made of ores instead of stone
                    Mending is mainly used for swords or fishing rods because you need to obtain exp to not lose durability. If you were mining all redstone ore, then I guess it could work, but anything below iron would lose even more time because they can't mine redstone ore.
                        Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
                Did you know that diamond is unbreakable? Only the crazy ones.
                Mining cobblestone and cooking it?
                Mending fishing poles NEVER run out.

I mean they do, but logically, they don't.
                    Fun fact: you can break a mending fishing pole if you use it for combat purposes rather then fishing. You can also swap to another item right before you pick up the fishing xp to effectively break it aswell.
                Fun fact: if you use a fishing rod with mending for its intended use, the fishing rod is unbreakable
                Thank god for so farming
            It does exactly that but not the way you thought it does (the lasting longer before breaking part)
    Exactly, it's funny thinking that it's possible that your tools NEVER break
        r/Terraria would like a word.
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
                    Nah, that doesn't count since you can't actually use it as a tool.
                        You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
                        You can use it as a toilet.
                            only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
        I gotta netherite unbreaking 3 pickaxe with mending. I grid mine with it and it'll never break unless I just intentionally skip blocks that drop xp
            Mining through the nether for 4000 blocks to get back from the End Stronghold to my base almost took mine out, had to actively stop and mine quartz whenever I saw it.

(4000, not in a straight line, mostly diagonal and about 2-3 blocks wide the whole way because I was just flailing side to side with efficiency 5 to just get home faster)
                If you have mending armor, take it off while mining. It sucks up EXP and levels you up instead of using it all to heal. 

I have a non mending armor set specifically for mining. Non thorns as well to give it durability in case I am hit. Most dangerous is to go with no armor at all
                    Good to know for elsewhere, but this was on the way back from fighting the ender dragon lol. I didn't bring 2 sets of armor for that.
                    Wasn't that changed recently? At least my xp farms seem to work now with mending armor on
                Yea you have to mine all the quartz you see in the nether given how fast netherrack mines and how theres no other source of mining xp except the gold blocks (but that's minimal)
        right silly us for foolishly assuming a magical video game enchantment called UNBREAKING made our tools not break? seems like a pretty fair misunderstanding lol
            It does do that though lol
        It’s also possible that your tool doesn’t last any longer than an unenchanted one, too
            Just very, *very* unlikely.
        I didn’t think they would never break, but I did think it increased durability in a consistent way instead of a random way. I guess it makes sense because the one that can give more resources is random also, right?
    If we think of it as "expected durability" because of the chance to break, then perhaps one could argue "the tools last longer in most situations"

*probability class flashbacks
        yeah, the minecraft wiki page for Unbreaking will give you the breakdown as far as the average extra durability from each level
        There is a high chance it lasts longer but not certain.
    So gold can win if it’s lucky enough?
        Only if it's enchanted, which it isn't.
            Don't put it in your pocket. Otherwise it'll get mixed with the others and become just a quarter. Which it is.
    Soo Fortune, Mending, unbreaking to make Gold Pickaxe the best
        Only if you're mining almost nothing but ores and/or are exceedingly careful. Mining any significant amount of stone will generally result in losing enough durability at once to break it before you get to the next patch of ore to reload.

Diamond's just better. As fast as gold is, you still need at least Haste 1 to instamine stone. But if you've got the beacon anyway, you might as well go for Haste 2, and then diamond catches up. All that remains is a speed boost on digging up the actual ores, and that's not significant enough to matter.
    Is a golden pickaxe has Mending and Unbreaking III viable for general use?
        Nah it’d have to be repaired way to often
        For general use - no, but there are some niche uses it's good for: if you want to go to Mesa and mine some terracota without having to set up beacon, Efficiency V gold pickaxe will be able to instamine it. Low durability also makes it cheap to repair with Mending, so you can get decent mileage out of it using bunch of Bottles of enchanting.
        Not really. Unless you're only using it to harvest Lapis and coal. In which case, I mean, I guess? But why would you have a whole hotbar space for just that one niche pick
        Absolutely not. It can only mine coal. That’s it!!!
    If you turn on extra stats you can see the tool durability when you hover over the tool. From what I've noticed it's not chance to not lose durability, but each level of unbreaking makes it take more block breaks before the durability actually goes down.
Imagine that, the golden pickaxe could finish the entire race without losing a single durability point. Thanks for the info!
    With the same race length as in the video (144 blocks) and an Unbreaking III Golden Pickaxe, the odds of that happening are approximately 2×10^(-87). That's 0.00000...002%, with 86 zeros total.
        So your saying theres a chance.
            Like a if you started a new version of this race every second since the moment of the big bang it probably still won't happen "chance".

Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.
                > Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.

This is what I read.  Let's do it!
                    \- Every PM ever
                If that probability shown is correct, if you started it as many times as there are subatomic particles in the entire universe then there's still about a one in a 10 million chance.

Number of particles = 3.2x10^80 or so
                I mean, that's like saying "I'm 99% sure it won't work".  

So you aren't sure then.
                    It is theoretically possible, but it will never happen.

The chance is so infinitely small that it is effectively zero.

You could have every computer in the world playing Minecraft simultaneously running this race over and over again for your entire lifespan and you could still say with confidence that it will never happen.
                    More like saying a "I'm 99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999998% sure it wont work."

I think I counted the 9's right.
                It could succeed on its first try though, and then fail for the next 2x10^87 times.
            Technically something but practically nothing.
            Never tell me the odds!
        What are the odds it would get to the end before breaking?
            Now that calculation is more difficult.

A Golden Pickaxe has a durability of 32. So it can finish the race with any amount between 32 and 0 (because a tool only brakes when used at 0 durability, not when reaching 0).

The odds of retaining durability with Unbreaking III is 75% for each use. We need to activate that at least 112 times to reach the goal with at least 0 durability left.

We're basically tossing a coin 144 times and hope to get heads 112 times of them, whereas the coin is imbalanced and has a 75% chance of landing a heads.
The formula for this is the binomial probability:

P(112) = (144 over 112)×0.75^(112)×0.25^(144-112)

~~which equates to a chance of approximately 5.9%.~~

Please feel free to correct if I'm wrong.

Edit: I think I forgot the "at least" bit regarding the 112 heads – really you'd need to add up all probabilities for P(112+x) for all x between 0 and 32, which then is a chance of something more like 25%.
                well actually, tools break after 1 durability. 0 durability tools were removed a few updates ago. it'll say 1/32 and then break
                    Oh really? Well then, that brings the chance down to around [19.4%](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum_%28x%3D1%29%5E%2832%29+%28144+binom+112%2Bx%29*0.75%5E%28112%2Bx%29*0.25%5E%2832-x%29).
                        I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
                            Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
                            Nice
            if I got it correct, it should be around 20%

[wolframalpha link](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumlowerlimit%22%7D+-%3E%220%22&assumption=%7B%22C%22%2C+%22sum%22%7D+-%3E+%7B%22Calculator%22%7D&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumfunction%22%7D+-%3E%22C%28144%2Cx%29*0.25%5Ex*0.75%5E%28144-x%29%22&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumupperlimit2%22%7D+-%3E%2231%22) (x is the lost durability)

\---

Update, I don't know why I believe it's 144, but apparently it should be 134, which turns out to be 35%, here is my [another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/id9vpq/all_pickaxes_racing_against_each_other/g27x81e?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
        The odds of something happening are always 0.5, because it either happens or it doesn't. Lol.


JkJk, I know that is a stupid argument, but hey the possibility of it not losing any durability still does exist so you never know
            Technically, but yet still impossible I like to say
            It isn't true: for example when you roll a dice the probability to get 6 (or a any number of your choice) is 1/6.
But I like your way of thinking
                No, you either get a 6 or not a 6, still 50/50
        Never tell me the odds - Solo.
    You can manipulate unbreaking tools to always not loose durability using RNG manipulation which is totally possible in Vanilla Minecraft. Earth Computer did a video on this. So you can have gold tools that don’t break.
Gold pickaxe

Mending

Unbreaking 3

Efficiency 5

Fortune 3
    Mending would only matter when mining something like coal or Nether Quartz though.
        Efficiency gold pickaxe go brrr-*snap*
        However, the mending gained from mining those materials would still cause your pickaxe to last just that little bit longer.
            Pickaxe snapping intensifies
    Mending and fortune wouldn’t make a difference as it’s all stone
Random efficiency and random unbreking in a golden pickaxe race would have me on the edge of my seat
And haste 2 =)
    Efficiency V and haste II on diamond or better is instant mine
        Golden Pickaxe

-	Haste II
-	Mending
-	Unbreaking III
-	Efficiency V

This is… requiem
            If you built a tall enough stone pillar, stood at the top with this pickaxe and mined straight down would you take fall damage when it broke?
                No you experience an infinite loop of mining all possible blocks always approaching the truthful answer to your question but you will not reach the truth because this is the power of Golden Pickaxe Requiem
                    H-how many times am I going to be mined!?
                No, because being in the air rather than standing on a block slows you enough that you lose instant-mine.
                Yes
                No because there are midair block breaking penalties similar to trying to break blocks underwater.
            1 Tick is not less than 1 Tick.
                So to defeat the galactic empire you just change the value of 1tick=0tick?
[removed]
    [deleted]
        Last time I played Minecraft was 2011 and I am in a world of confusion right now
            Jeez that’s been a long time. You definitely check it out again you probably can still enjoy it.
                Yeah it’s like a whole new game. I imagine it would be like playing a full sized sequel to minecraft. minecraft 2: redstone boogaloo
            Right? All sorts of interesting nonsense in it now .. Hmm..
        [removed]
            Yup, but if you're smart you'll do it with explosives
                I do bed mining. Its cheaper.
                    That's fair, I have a gunpowder farm for my elytra so I use those to avoid the fire that beds leave
                        Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
                            https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
    Yes it is still sorta very new. It was implemented in the newest 1.16 update together with a new nether. Now netheright is an even more valuable ore than a diamond because we need 4 smelted ancient debre to get a netheright ingot in return you can convert your full enchanted diamond pick into a dully enchanted netheright pick.
Same! I was like, wait how is the stone pickaxe beating the diamond pick?
I really wish neterite looked... idk... sicker? Some resource packs did it justice, but like you could just make it red or someting that'd look nice.
    should have a fiery aura around it imo. im think hellfire sword from terraria
    They should add ruby to the game and have that as red
        Isn't that just redstone ?
            Light red instead of a darker red like redstone
    There are some resource packs that make netherite things have bits of diamond and they look pretty cool like that
    I actually like how it looks, what recourse packs change it?
The tools have a high enchantability, and you can find them enchanted in the new Portal chests.
    High enchantability doesnt help if the tools are still horribly inefficient even with enchantments
        if they let you transfer enchantments it would have *a* use, though I'm on the fence about whether that would be a good addition.
            Not sure, but you can increase the material of items now right with a new block?

Chance i have it wrong, but if you're able to upgrade gold to diamond to netherite, you might have a good use by enchanting a gold tool and upgrading that to a better material
                You can’t upgrade tools other than diamond
                    Yes, but they're saying it would be a good addition to have something to upgrade gold to.
                        actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
                            Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
                Unfortunately you do have it wrong. The Smithing Table is the block you're thinking of, but it doesn't increase the material. Its exclusive use is turning diamond equipment into netherite equipment.
                    Oof, if it would also allow gold to diamond, then gold's high enchantability would give it a use.

I think the solution to giving gold tools a good unique use (like this idea) is not too far away
        I use gold as an enchant sink.  Say for example I want fortune 3 on my pick, but the last slot on the enchant table is efficiency 3.  I enchant a gold pick instead, and it gets efficiency 3 and a bunch of other stuff like silk touch, unbreaking, etc.  Now I can disenchant it on a grindstone and get almost 2-3 levels worth of XP back, and now the enchant table shows Fortune 3 to go on my main pick.
            I just use villagers for enchanting, it's so much easier to get what you want
                I prefer to use villagers for locking in powerful generalist enchantments, like Mending or efficiency.   Niche enchantments like silk touch, fortune, are more worthwhile through the table imo.
        It's easy early-game access to enchanted tools.
            Only problem with that is that 95% of the time someone will have at least diamond tools in order to make an enchantment table, meaning they already have a better tool to enchant. If someone gets lucky enough to find 4 obsidian and 2 diamonds from loot chests before getting diamonds, then you could justify enchanting gold tools if you *really* needed silk touch or something. Fortune would only be useful for coal, as gold can’t mine the same things iron can (i.e. diamonds).
                I was really talking about finding enchanted golden tools in chests. You cannot find enchanted tools other than those until you get to an End City iirc.
                    Unless you want to include a fishing rod
            For a whopping minute because they break so quick so who cares
                Getting a Looting or Silk Touch tool early-game can be really helpful.
                    Or fire aspect, I found a fire aspect gold sword on my first day and it made food a lot easier for the first few hours of my world
                    How long do you spend in that early of a game?  Unless you have no idea about diamond ore-gen levels.. In which case you’re also unlikely to know about easy gold enchantment.
                    [deleted]
                        That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
        Yeah, and it doesn't even do much either. Not like you can hit eff VI or something crazy with high enchant-ability. I think that they should make it be more dramatic, allowing you to get something crazy like Smite VII. Trade off of course being that it is gold and will break fast.
        Inefficient? Gold pickaxe is the fastest.
            Speed doesn’t matter when it can’t mine more than a few dozen blocks. And the fact that it can’t mine anything faster than an efficiency 5 diamond/netherite pick with a haste beacon can.
                Yeah but which ones easier to acquire
                    Iron is easier to get than gold. It will outperform gold overall thanks to not being made of paper.
            They may have the highest mining speed, but when you have to carry 50 of them in order to get the same usage as one (1) diamond pickaxe, and they only have the ore-mining capabilities of a wooden pickaxe, they're incredibly inefficient and worth less than dirt.
                Yeah it's logical to not use gold the only reason you would use gold is if this was runescape and mining those rocks gave you mining xp. Then you would have 100000 gold pickaxe in ur bank as that would be super efficient xp u just lose money haha.
    High enchantability doesn't help at all if the tool can't mine any overworld ores other than coal.
    There’s a seed on YouTube with a spawn near a portal that has a changed axe. They don’t mention it, though, but it has looting and silk touch on a gold axe at spawn. Pretty cool.
        Do you happen to have the yt video or seed? Sounds like a fun start.
            I’m currently at work but I can look when I get home. There’s enough lava to make a new portal (the existing one has a few pieces of crying obsidian) there’s also a really good pair of gold boots with feather falling 4 I think and a couple other enchants. Very nice start indeed.
            -1492998934
    I found a golden pickaxe with mending in the very early game and it got a lot of use collecting stacks of coal really quickly.  Mining coal with stone picks just takes so long, and you're always in need of more torches when you go through big caves.
I don't think I'd ever waste actual gold bars making tools though, not with the new nether trading.
[deleted]
    I am in the same boat as you. Apparently wearing any gold armor allows you to neutralize and trade with a mob in the nether. At least that's what I think it is from looking at the wiki
        [deleted]
            Piglins attack and chase you if you aren't wearing gold armor or mine gold around them
They would be incredibly useful if the disenchantment table wasn't only in a mod
    [deleted]
        In a mod (I'm not sure which one, I just know it's from RLCraft), you can craft a disenchantment table. With an enchanted tool and a book, you can remove the top enchantment and put it on the book. The only downside is that it destroys the tool. You could make a bunch of gold tools, enchant them (gold tools get amazing enchantments), take the top enchantment for each one, and make god tools with ease.
            I think it might be from draconic evolution,might be wrong though
                Draconic evolution does have a disenchantment table but I'm sure other mods do too
            You could simply enchant books and combine them and get the same effect.
Neither is diamond tho Watch Matpats video of how much diamond armor is worth (i believe thats the one) and it shows hoe because of the crystal formation of diamond, if you hit it in a certain spot with a sword, it would completely shatter.
    But diamonds are also what they use to cut and dig. Sure the incorrect usage could shatter diamonds to dust, there’s also a very practical use for them.
        Yes, but the tools aren't made of straight diamonds. Its usually a metal alloy like steel that is lined with diamond.  Thats the difference between Minecrafts pure diamond tools, and tools that use diamonds today.
            So basically you should make diamond tools in a manner similar to Netherite tools
                That woule be the realistic route
                    It's not about "realism", not really anyway. If it was, then all blocks would have gravity physics, pistons would require non-infinite sources of power, and you wouldn't be able to hold 64 meter cubed blocks. 

It's about creating a facsimile of realism. There needed to be a "best tool" and diamonds were it and not gold because a base property of diamond is hardness, and a base property of gold is softness. You use the whole diamond to keep things simple and crafting recipes the same.
                        Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
                        It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
            Whoa, hold the fucking phone. Are you saying that Minecraft isn't purely based in reality? Stop the fucking press, we gotta tell everyone about this!
Yeah but neither are diamonds


https://youtu.be/ysdw7cmigZM
    Diamonds are at least hard though gold is one of the softest metals
Speed running is such a niche aspect of the larger minecraft community, I really don't think 'useful to speed runners' is enough to call the tools useful in general
    They are also super useful as a "I need to get out of here NOW" tool
        And when do you really need that? I'd never trade an inventory slot, let alone a hotbar slot, for a super situational tool that is going to break like immediately and make me swap anyway.

Gold should break as many blocks as stone or so. Would make it viable for finishing large projects that requiring mining a lot of stone.
            Personally I don't min-max my bars. I just carry a good pick around for when I drop in lava and need to get into a wall quickly. Or when I need to make a 1x1 hole to duck into to save me from monsters. When it gets close to dead I add a healthy one to my bar.
                I think it has been years since I've been in any of those situations.
i use gold axes on a server where durability doesn’t exist, and i can say that there’s a noticeable difference between that and diamond. in vanilla, i’d do that if gold was a bit easier to find. since i don’t have any fancy gold farms, i just stick to making golden apples
    What server is it? Or is it a private server?
        hypixel skyblock
Gold isn’t all *that* common so it’s usually just less wasteful to use iron. I got a minecart track to build damn it
    Get unbreaking on it
        According to somebody further up that name is misleading and it doesn't prevent it from breaking
            Well yeah unbreaking enchantments don't make it invulnerable, but it lasts significantly longer, and since gold items are designed to get better enchantments you are more likely to get unbreaking 3. 

Do you not play minecraft?
                Not since Microsoft bought them and I forgot my password. 

I have opened 2 dozen tickets but they won't respond to help me migrate/recover my alpha account.
                    I've literally had the same problem. I just bought a second account because their support doesn't give a shit or doesn't have the proper tools to help someone like me migrate my account.
I am the hands, i can break everything but super slow and without award so i am useless.
Then go into the nether and mine Netherrack.

I think even with Unbreaking III, the pickaxe would break before you notice...
    with haste, it wouldn’t even matter mining netherrack. imagine if you could insta mine coal!
        Found an unbreaking mending gold pickaxe early game, and only use it for coal. It's great, but only great for that.
        You only need efficiency 4 to insta netherack
    I think you can insta mine nether rack with a gold pick no enchants
Well, a golden pickaxe with unbreaking 3 still can only break about 128 blocks, and mending isn't that helpful because it can't break most ores, not even iron ore I think
    If you are very lucky the pickaxe might work forever
        50/50 chance. It either breaks or it doesn’t.
            The only true statistic: 50/50 chance, it’ll either happen or it won’t.
                Yeah, that's what he said
    Damn that’s like half a normal iron pic
Actually, an efficiency 5 diamond pickaxe is just as fast as an efficiency 5 gold pickaxe.

Mumbo made a video in this topic.
    On most blocks. However, since that video was made there have been a few changes; a notable one is the addition of basalt, which can be instamined with an efficiency V gold pickaxe but can't quite with efficiency V diamond.
Efficiency diamond shovel break speed tier.
Put mending and make all picks mine coal
Yeah, I never knew gold was really that much faster than the rest, seems actually useful for strip mining and the like if you have plenty of gold.
    This is only unenchanted - at which point gold breaks literally 32 blocks. They're exactly the same speed with high levels of efficiency.
It wasn’t a stone pick, it was a netherite pick. They just look oddly similar from this angle.
I’d say do like the top comment says, pickaxes but with the different enchantments, etc - then the other tools. This was really cool!
enchantments
Could you also built a podium for 1st,2nd and 3rd place ?
Hoeing contest, mark it NSFW.
bbbbbbbbb
    ccccccccc
        [deleted]
            eeeeeeeeee
                ffffffffffffffff
                    gggggggggggg
                        hhhhhhhhhhhh
                            IIIIIIIIII
Ironic
    He could save others from breaking but not himself..
I read that as a 50% chance at 127blocks and a 99% chance at 129blocks and spent *so long* trying to wrap my head around how that math would work
What girlfriend
I like netherite, I just don't like the textures
True but add menfing and it could outlast us all
Last place for gold again then lol
huh i didn’t know this thanks
    Same! I thought it made it last longer before losing beginning durability
        Fear not because with a constant xp source, a mending pickaxe is unbreakable
            How about a gold pickaxe with mending and unbreaking III?
                it will beat others out if he'll if used correctly
                    [deleted]
                        [removed]
                If you just mine a bunch of stone it will break
                if it's ores it will probably win ezpz
                [removed]
                The same as a diamond pickaxe with those enchantments but it has a much smaller buffer
                It's an excellent choice as long as you mine things that drop XP. I'd still use something that can mine obsidian though.
                If the line was made of ores instead of stone
                Mending is mainly used for swords or fishing rods because you need to obtain exp to not lose durability. If you were mining all redstone ore, then I guess it could work, but anything below iron would lose even more time because they can't mine redstone ore.
                    Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
            Did you know that diamond is unbreakable? Only the crazy ones.
            Mining cobblestone and cooking it?
            Mending fishing poles NEVER run out.

I mean they do, but logically, they don't.
                Fun fact: you can break a mending fishing pole if you use it for combat purposes rather then fishing. You can also swap to another item right before you pick up the fishing xp to effectively break it aswell.
            Fun fact: if you use a fishing rod with mending for its intended use, the fishing rod is unbreakable
            Thank god for so farming
        It does exactly that but not the way you thought it does (the lasting longer before breaking part)
Exactly, it's funny thinking that it's possible that your tools NEVER break
    r/Terraria would like a word.
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                Nah, that doesn't count since you can't actually use it as a tool.
                    You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
                    You can use it as a toilet.
                        only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
    I gotta netherite unbreaking 3 pickaxe with mending. I grid mine with it and it'll never break unless I just intentionally skip blocks that drop xp
        Mining through the nether for 4000 blocks to get back from the End Stronghold to my base almost took mine out, had to actively stop and mine quartz whenever I saw it.

(4000, not in a straight line, mostly diagonal and about 2-3 blocks wide the whole way because I was just flailing side to side with efficiency 5 to just get home faster)
            If you have mending armor, take it off while mining. It sucks up EXP and levels you up instead of using it all to heal. 

I have a non mending armor set specifically for mining. Non thorns as well to give it durability in case I am hit. Most dangerous is to go with no armor at all
                Good to know for elsewhere, but this was on the way back from fighting the ender dragon lol. I didn't bring 2 sets of armor for that.
                Wasn't that changed recently? At least my xp farms seem to work now with mending armor on
            Yea you have to mine all the quartz you see in the nether given how fast netherrack mines and how theres no other source of mining xp except the gold blocks (but that's minimal)
    right silly us for foolishly assuming a magical video game enchantment called UNBREAKING made our tools not break? seems like a pretty fair misunderstanding lol
        It does do that though lol
    It’s also possible that your tool doesn’t last any longer than an unenchanted one, too
        Just very, *very* unlikely.
    I didn’t think they would never break, but I did think it increased durability in a consistent way instead of a random way. I guess it makes sense because the one that can give more resources is random also, right?
If we think of it as "expected durability" because of the chance to break, then perhaps one could argue "the tools last longer in most situations"

*probability class flashbacks
    yeah, the minecraft wiki page for Unbreaking will give you the breakdown as far as the average extra durability from each level
    There is a high chance it lasts longer but not certain.
So gold can win if it’s lucky enough?
    Only if it's enchanted, which it isn't.
        Don't put it in your pocket. Otherwise it'll get mixed with the others and become just a quarter. Which it is.
Soo Fortune, Mending, unbreaking to make Gold Pickaxe the best
    Only if you're mining almost nothing but ores and/or are exceedingly careful. Mining any significant amount of stone will generally result in losing enough durability at once to break it before you get to the next patch of ore to reload.

Diamond's just better. As fast as gold is, you still need at least Haste 1 to instamine stone. But if you've got the beacon anyway, you might as well go for Haste 2, and then diamond catches up. All that remains is a speed boost on digging up the actual ores, and that's not significant enough to matter.
Is a golden pickaxe has Mending and Unbreaking III viable for general use?
    Nah it’d have to be repaired way to often
    For general use - no, but there are some niche uses it's good for: if you want to go to Mesa and mine some terracota without having to set up beacon, Efficiency V gold pickaxe will be able to instamine it. Low durability also makes it cheap to repair with Mending, so you can get decent mileage out of it using bunch of Bottles of enchanting.
    Not really. Unless you're only using it to harvest Lapis and coal. In which case, I mean, I guess? But why would you have a whole hotbar space for just that one niche pick
    Absolutely not. It can only mine coal. That’s it!!!
If you turn on extra stats you can see the tool durability when you hover over the tool. From what I've noticed it's not chance to not lose durability, but each level of unbreaking makes it take more block breaks before the durability actually goes down.
With the same race length as in the video (144 blocks) and an Unbreaking III Golden Pickaxe, the odds of that happening are approximately 2×10^(-87). That's 0.00000...002%, with 86 zeros total.
    So your saying theres a chance.
        Like a if you started a new version of this race every second since the moment of the big bang it probably still won't happen "chance".

Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.
            > Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.

This is what I read.  Let's do it!
                \- Every PM ever
            If that probability shown is correct, if you started it as many times as there are subatomic particles in the entire universe then there's still about a one in a 10 million chance.

Number of particles = 3.2x10^80 or so
            I mean, that's like saying "I'm 99% sure it won't work".  

So you aren't sure then.
                It is theoretically possible, but it will never happen.

The chance is so infinitely small that it is effectively zero.

You could have every computer in the world playing Minecraft simultaneously running this race over and over again for your entire lifespan and you could still say with confidence that it will never happen.
                More like saying a "I'm 99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999998% sure it wont work."

I think I counted the 9's right.
            It could succeed on its first try though, and then fail for the next 2x10^87 times.
        Technically something but practically nothing.
        Never tell me the odds!
    What are the odds it would get to the end before breaking?
        Now that calculation is more difficult.

A Golden Pickaxe has a durability of 32. So it can finish the race with any amount between 32 and 0 (because a tool only brakes when used at 0 durability, not when reaching 0).

The odds of retaining durability with Unbreaking III is 75% for each use. We need to activate that at least 112 times to reach the goal with at least 0 durability left.

We're basically tossing a coin 144 times and hope to get heads 112 times of them, whereas the coin is imbalanced and has a 75% chance of landing a heads.
The formula for this is the binomial probability:

P(112) = (144 over 112)×0.75^(112)×0.25^(144-112)

~~which equates to a chance of approximately 5.9%.~~

Please feel free to correct if I'm wrong.

Edit: I think I forgot the "at least" bit regarding the 112 heads – really you'd need to add up all probabilities for P(112+x) for all x between 0 and 32, which then is a chance of something more like 25%.
            well actually, tools break after 1 durability. 0 durability tools were removed a few updates ago. it'll say 1/32 and then break
                Oh really? Well then, that brings the chance down to around [19.4%](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum_%28x%3D1%29%5E%2832%29+%28144+binom+112%2Bx%29*0.75%5E%28112%2Bx%29*0.25%5E%2832-x%29).
                    I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
                        Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
                        Nice
        if I got it correct, it should be around 20%

[wolframalpha link](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumlowerlimit%22%7D+-%3E%220%22&assumption=%7B%22C%22%2C+%22sum%22%7D+-%3E+%7B%22Calculator%22%7D&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumfunction%22%7D+-%3E%22C%28144%2Cx%29*0.25%5Ex*0.75%5E%28144-x%29%22&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumupperlimit2%22%7D+-%3E%2231%22) (x is the lost durability)

\---

Update, I don't know why I believe it's 144, but apparently it should be 134, which turns out to be 35%, here is my [another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/id9vpq/all_pickaxes_racing_against_each_other/g27x81e?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
    The odds of something happening are always 0.5, because it either happens or it doesn't. Lol.


JkJk, I know that is a stupid argument, but hey the possibility of it not losing any durability still does exist so you never know
        Technically, but yet still impossible I like to say
        It isn't true: for example when you roll a dice the probability to get 6 (or a any number of your choice) is 1/6.
But I like your way of thinking
            No, you either get a 6 or not a 6, still 50/50
    Never tell me the odds - Solo.
You can manipulate unbreaking tools to always not loose durability using RNG manipulation which is totally possible in Vanilla Minecraft. Earth Computer did a video on this. So you can have gold tools that don’t break.
Mending would only matter when mining something like coal or Nether Quartz though.
    Efficiency gold pickaxe go brrr-*snap*
    However, the mending gained from mining those materials would still cause your pickaxe to last just that little bit longer.
        Pickaxe snapping intensifies
Mending and fortune wouldn’t make a difference as it’s all stone
Efficiency V and haste II on diamond or better is instant mine
    Golden Pickaxe

-	Haste II
-	Mending
-	Unbreaking III
-	Efficiency V

This is… requiem
        If you built a tall enough stone pillar, stood at the top with this pickaxe and mined straight down would you take fall damage when it broke?
            No you experience an infinite loop of mining all possible blocks always approaching the truthful answer to your question but you will not reach the truth because this is the power of Golden Pickaxe Requiem
                H-how many times am I going to be mined!?
            No, because being in the air rather than standing on a block slows you enough that you lose instant-mine.
            Yes
            No because there are midair block breaking penalties similar to trying to break blocks underwater.
        1 Tick is not less than 1 Tick.
            So to defeat the galactic empire you just change the value of 1tick=0tick?
[deleted]
    Last time I played Minecraft was 2011 and I am in a world of confusion right now
        Jeez that’s been a long time. You definitely check it out again you probably can still enjoy it.
            Yeah it’s like a whole new game. I imagine it would be like playing a full sized sequel to minecraft. minecraft 2: redstone boogaloo
        Right? All sorts of interesting nonsense in it now .. Hmm..
    [removed]
        Yup, but if you're smart you'll do it with explosives
            I do bed mining. Its cheaper.
                That's fair, I have a gunpowder farm for my elytra so I use those to avoid the fire that beds leave
                    Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
                        https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
Yes it is still sorta very new. It was implemented in the newest 1.16 update together with a new nether. Now netheright is an even more valuable ore than a diamond because we need 4 smelted ancient debre to get a netheright ingot in return you can convert your full enchanted diamond pick into a dully enchanted netheright pick.
should have a fiery aura around it imo. im think hellfire sword from terraria
They should add ruby to the game and have that as red
    Isn't that just redstone ?
        Light red instead of a darker red like redstone
There are some resource packs that make netherite things have bits of diamond and they look pretty cool like that
I actually like how it looks, what recourse packs change it?
High enchantability doesnt help if the tools are still horribly inefficient even with enchantments
    if they let you transfer enchantments it would have *a* use, though I'm on the fence about whether that would be a good addition.
        Not sure, but you can increase the material of items now right with a new block?

Chance i have it wrong, but if you're able to upgrade gold to diamond to netherite, you might have a good use by enchanting a gold tool and upgrading that to a better material
            You can’t upgrade tools other than diamond
                Yes, but they're saying it would be a good addition to have something to upgrade gold to.
                    actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
                        Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
            Unfortunately you do have it wrong. The Smithing Table is the block you're thinking of, but it doesn't increase the material. Its exclusive use is turning diamond equipment into netherite equipment.
                Oof, if it would also allow gold to diamond, then gold's high enchantability would give it a use.

I think the solution to giving gold tools a good unique use (like this idea) is not too far away
    I use gold as an enchant sink.  Say for example I want fortune 3 on my pick, but the last slot on the enchant table is efficiency 3.  I enchant a gold pick instead, and it gets efficiency 3 and a bunch of other stuff like silk touch, unbreaking, etc.  Now I can disenchant it on a grindstone and get almost 2-3 levels worth of XP back, and now the enchant table shows Fortune 3 to go on my main pick.
        I just use villagers for enchanting, it's so much easier to get what you want
            I prefer to use villagers for locking in powerful generalist enchantments, like Mending or efficiency.   Niche enchantments like silk touch, fortune, are more worthwhile through the table imo.
    It's easy early-game access to enchanted tools.
        Only problem with that is that 95% of the time someone will have at least diamond tools in order to make an enchantment table, meaning they already have a better tool to enchant. If someone gets lucky enough to find 4 obsidian and 2 diamonds from loot chests before getting diamonds, then you could justify enchanting gold tools if you *really* needed silk touch or something. Fortune would only be useful for coal, as gold can’t mine the same things iron can (i.e. diamonds).
            I was really talking about finding enchanted golden tools in chests. You cannot find enchanted tools other than those until you get to an End City iirc.
                Unless you want to include a fishing rod
        For a whopping minute because they break so quick so who cares
            Getting a Looting or Silk Touch tool early-game can be really helpful.
                Or fire aspect, I found a fire aspect gold sword on my first day and it made food a lot easier for the first few hours of my world
                How long do you spend in that early of a game?  Unless you have no idea about diamond ore-gen levels.. In which case you’re also unlikely to know about easy gold enchantment.
                [deleted]
                    That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
    Yeah, and it doesn't even do much either. Not like you can hit eff VI or something crazy with high enchant-ability. I think that they should make it be more dramatic, allowing you to get something crazy like Smite VII. Trade off of course being that it is gold and will break fast.
    Inefficient? Gold pickaxe is the fastest.
        Speed doesn’t matter when it can’t mine more than a few dozen blocks. And the fact that it can’t mine anything faster than an efficiency 5 diamond/netherite pick with a haste beacon can.
            Yeah but which ones easier to acquire
                Iron is easier to get than gold. It will outperform gold overall thanks to not being made of paper.
        They may have the highest mining speed, but when you have to carry 50 of them in order to get the same usage as one (1) diamond pickaxe, and they only have the ore-mining capabilities of a wooden pickaxe, they're incredibly inefficient and worth less than dirt.
            Yeah it's logical to not use gold the only reason you would use gold is if this was runescape and mining those rocks gave you mining xp. Then you would have 100000 gold pickaxe in ur bank as that would be super efficient xp u just lose money haha.
High enchantability doesn't help at all if the tool can't mine any overworld ores other than coal.
There’s a seed on YouTube with a spawn near a portal that has a changed axe. They don’t mention it, though, but it has looting and silk touch on a gold axe at spawn. Pretty cool.
    Do you happen to have the yt video or seed? Sounds like a fun start.
        I’m currently at work but I can look when I get home. There’s enough lava to make a new portal (the existing one has a few pieces of crying obsidian) there’s also a really good pair of gold boots with feather falling 4 I think and a couple other enchants. Very nice start indeed.
        -1492998934
I found a golden pickaxe with mending in the very early game and it got a lot of use collecting stacks of coal really quickly.  Mining coal with stone picks just takes so long, and you're always in need of more torches when you go through big caves.
I don't think I'd ever waste actual gold bars making tools though, not with the new nether trading.
I am in the same boat as you. Apparently wearing any gold armor allows you to neutralize and trade with a mob in the nether. At least that's what I think it is from looking at the wiki
    [deleted]
        Piglins attack and chase you if you aren't wearing gold armor or mine gold around them
[deleted]
    In a mod (I'm not sure which one, I just know it's from RLCraft), you can craft a disenchantment table. With an enchanted tool and a book, you can remove the top enchantment and put it on the book. The only downside is that it destroys the tool. You could make a bunch of gold tools, enchant them (gold tools get amazing enchantments), take the top enchantment for each one, and make god tools with ease.
        I think it might be from draconic evolution,might be wrong though
            Draconic evolution does have a disenchantment table but I'm sure other mods do too
        You could simply enchant books and combine them and get the same effect.
But diamonds are also what they use to cut and dig. Sure the incorrect usage could shatter diamonds to dust, there’s also a very practical use for them.
    Yes, but the tools aren't made of straight diamonds. Its usually a metal alloy like steel that is lined with diamond.  Thats the difference between Minecrafts pure diamond tools, and tools that use diamonds today.
        So basically you should make diamond tools in a manner similar to Netherite tools
            That woule be the realistic route
                It's not about "realism", not really anyway. If it was, then all blocks would have gravity physics, pistons would require non-infinite sources of power, and you wouldn't be able to hold 64 meter cubed blocks. 

It's about creating a facsimile of realism. There needed to be a "best tool" and diamonds were it and not gold because a base property of diamond is hardness, and a base property of gold is softness. You use the whole diamond to keep things simple and crafting recipes the same.
                    Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
                    It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
        Whoa, hold the fucking phone. Are you saying that Minecraft isn't purely based in reality? Stop the fucking press, we gotta tell everyone about this!
Diamonds are at least hard though gold is one of the softest metals
They are also super useful as a "I need to get out of here NOW" tool
    And when do you really need that? I'd never trade an inventory slot, let alone a hotbar slot, for a super situational tool that is going to break like immediately and make me swap anyway.

Gold should break as many blocks as stone or so. Would make it viable for finishing large projects that requiring mining a lot of stone.
        Personally I don't min-max my bars. I just carry a good pick around for when I drop in lava and need to get into a wall quickly. Or when I need to make a 1x1 hole to duck into to save me from monsters. When it gets close to dead I add a healthy one to my bar.
            I think it has been years since I've been in any of those situations.
What server is it? Or is it a private server?
    hypixel skyblock
Get unbreaking on it
    According to somebody further up that name is misleading and it doesn't prevent it from breaking
        Well yeah unbreaking enchantments don't make it invulnerable, but it lasts significantly longer, and since gold items are designed to get better enchantments you are more likely to get unbreaking 3. 

Do you not play minecraft?
            Not since Microsoft bought them and I forgot my password. 

I have opened 2 dozen tickets but they won't respond to help me migrate/recover my alpha account.
                I've literally had the same problem. I just bought a second account because their support doesn't give a shit or doesn't have the proper tools to help someone like me migrate my account.
with haste, it wouldn’t even matter mining netherrack. imagine if you could insta mine coal!
    Found an unbreaking mending gold pickaxe early game, and only use it for coal. It's great, but only great for that.
    You only need efficiency 4 to insta netherack
I think you can insta mine nether rack with a gold pick no enchants
If you are very lucky the pickaxe might work forever
    50/50 chance. It either breaks or it doesn’t.
        The only true statistic: 50/50 chance, it’ll either happen or it won’t.
            Yeah, that's what he said
Damn that’s like half a normal iron pic
On most blocks. However, since that video was made there have been a few changes; a notable one is the addition of basalt, which can be instamined with an efficiency V gold pickaxe but can't quite with efficiency V diamond.
This is only unenchanted - at which point gold breaks literally 32 blocks. They're exactly the same speed with high levels of efficiency.
ccccccccc
    [deleted]
        eeeeeeeeee
            ffffffffffffffff
                gggggggggggg
                    hhhhhhhhhhhh
                        IIIIIIIIII
He could save others from breaking but not himself..
Same! I thought it made it last longer before losing beginning durability
    Fear not because with a constant xp source, a mending pickaxe is unbreakable
        How about a gold pickaxe with mending and unbreaking III?
            it will beat others out if he'll if used correctly
                [deleted]
                    [removed]
            If you just mine a bunch of stone it will break
            if it's ores it will probably win ezpz
            [removed]
            The same as a diamond pickaxe with those enchantments but it has a much smaller buffer
            It's an excellent choice as long as you mine things that drop XP. I'd still use something that can mine obsidian though.
            If the line was made of ores instead of stone
            Mending is mainly used for swords or fishing rods because you need to obtain exp to not lose durability. If you were mining all redstone ore, then I guess it could work, but anything below iron would lose even more time because they can't mine redstone ore.
                Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
        Did you know that diamond is unbreakable? Only the crazy ones.
        Mining cobblestone and cooking it?
        Mending fishing poles NEVER run out.

I mean they do, but logically, they don't.
            Fun fact: you can break a mending fishing pole if you use it for combat purposes rather then fishing. You can also swap to another item right before you pick up the fishing xp to effectively break it aswell.
        Fun fact: if you use a fishing rod with mending for its intended use, the fishing rod is unbreakable
        Thank god for so farming
    It does exactly that but not the way you thought it does (the lasting longer before breaking part)
r/Terraria would like a word.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            Nah, that doesn't count since you can't actually use it as a tool.
                You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
                You can use it as a toilet.
                    only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
I gotta netherite unbreaking 3 pickaxe with mending. I grid mine with it and it'll never break unless I just intentionally skip blocks that drop xp
    Mining through the nether for 4000 blocks to get back from the End Stronghold to my base almost took mine out, had to actively stop and mine quartz whenever I saw it.

(4000, not in a straight line, mostly diagonal and about 2-3 blocks wide the whole way because I was just flailing side to side with efficiency 5 to just get home faster)
        If you have mending armor, take it off while mining. It sucks up EXP and levels you up instead of using it all to heal. 

I have a non mending armor set specifically for mining. Non thorns as well to give it durability in case I am hit. Most dangerous is to go with no armor at all
            Good to know for elsewhere, but this was on the way back from fighting the ender dragon lol. I didn't bring 2 sets of armor for that.
            Wasn't that changed recently? At least my xp farms seem to work now with mending armor on
        Yea you have to mine all the quartz you see in the nether given how fast netherrack mines and how theres no other source of mining xp except the gold blocks (but that's minimal)
right silly us for foolishly assuming a magical video game enchantment called UNBREAKING made our tools not break? seems like a pretty fair misunderstanding lol
    It does do that though lol
It’s also possible that your tool doesn’t last any longer than an unenchanted one, too
    Just very, *very* unlikely.
I didn’t think they would never break, but I did think it increased durability in a consistent way instead of a random way. I guess it makes sense because the one that can give more resources is random also, right?
yeah, the minecraft wiki page for Unbreaking will give you the breakdown as far as the average extra durability from each level
There is a high chance it lasts longer but not certain.
Only if it's enchanted, which it isn't.
    Don't put it in your pocket. Otherwise it'll get mixed with the others and become just a quarter. Which it is.
Only if you're mining almost nothing but ores and/or are exceedingly careful. Mining any significant amount of stone will generally result in losing enough durability at once to break it before you get to the next patch of ore to reload.

Diamond's just better. As fast as gold is, you still need at least Haste 1 to instamine stone. But if you've got the beacon anyway, you might as well go for Haste 2, and then diamond catches up. All that remains is a speed boost on digging up the actual ores, and that's not significant enough to matter.
Nah it’d have to be repaired way to often
For general use - no, but there are some niche uses it's good for: if you want to go to Mesa and mine some terracota without having to set up beacon, Efficiency V gold pickaxe will be able to instamine it. Low durability also makes it cheap to repair with Mending, so you can get decent mileage out of it using bunch of Bottles of enchanting.
Not really. Unless you're only using it to harvest Lapis and coal. In which case, I mean, I guess? But why would you have a whole hotbar space for just that one niche pick
Absolutely not. It can only mine coal. That’s it!!!
So your saying theres a chance.
    Like a if you started a new version of this race every second since the moment of the big bang it probably still won't happen "chance".

Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.
        > Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.

This is what I read.  Let's do it!
            \- Every PM ever
        If that probability shown is correct, if you started it as many times as there are subatomic particles in the entire universe then there's still about a one in a 10 million chance.

Number of particles = 3.2x10^80 or so
        I mean, that's like saying "I'm 99% sure it won't work".  

So you aren't sure then.
            It is theoretically possible, but it will never happen.

The chance is so infinitely small that it is effectively zero.

You could have every computer in the world playing Minecraft simultaneously running this race over and over again for your entire lifespan and you could still say with confidence that it will never happen.
            More like saying a "I'm 99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999998% sure it wont work."

I think I counted the 9's right.
        It could succeed on its first try though, and then fail for the next 2x10^87 times.
    Technically something but practically nothing.
    Never tell me the odds!
What are the odds it would get to the end before breaking?
    Now that calculation is more difficult.

A Golden Pickaxe has a durability of 32. So it can finish the race with any amount between 32 and 0 (because a tool only brakes when used at 0 durability, not when reaching 0).

The odds of retaining durability with Unbreaking III is 75% for each use. We need to activate that at least 112 times to reach the goal with at least 0 durability left.

We're basically tossing a coin 144 times and hope to get heads 112 times of them, whereas the coin is imbalanced and has a 75% chance of landing a heads.
The formula for this is the binomial probability:

P(112) = (144 over 112)×0.75^(112)×0.25^(144-112)

~~which equates to a chance of approximately 5.9%.~~

Please feel free to correct if I'm wrong.

Edit: I think I forgot the "at least" bit regarding the 112 heads – really you'd need to add up all probabilities for P(112+x) for all x between 0 and 32, which then is a chance of something more like 25%.
        well actually, tools break after 1 durability. 0 durability tools were removed a few updates ago. it'll say 1/32 and then break
            Oh really? Well then, that brings the chance down to around [19.4%](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum_%28x%3D1%29%5E%2832%29+%28144+binom+112%2Bx%29*0.75%5E%28112%2Bx%29*0.25%5E%2832-x%29).
                I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
                    Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
                    Nice
    if I got it correct, it should be around 20%

[wolframalpha link](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumlowerlimit%22%7D+-%3E%220%22&assumption=%7B%22C%22%2C+%22sum%22%7D+-%3E+%7B%22Calculator%22%7D&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumfunction%22%7D+-%3E%22C%28144%2Cx%29*0.25%5Ex*0.75%5E%28144-x%29%22&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumupperlimit2%22%7D+-%3E%2231%22) (x is the lost durability)

\---

Update, I don't know why I believe it's 144, but apparently it should be 134, which turns out to be 35%, here is my [another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/id9vpq/all_pickaxes_racing_against_each_other/g27x81e?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
The odds of something happening are always 0.5, because it either happens or it doesn't. Lol.


JkJk, I know that is a stupid argument, but hey the possibility of it not losing any durability still does exist so you never know
    Technically, but yet still impossible I like to say
    It isn't true: for example when you roll a dice the probability to get 6 (or a any number of your choice) is 1/6.
But I like your way of thinking
        No, you either get a 6 or not a 6, still 50/50
Never tell me the odds - Solo.
Efficiency gold pickaxe go brrr-*snap*
However, the mending gained from mining those materials would still cause your pickaxe to last just that little bit longer.
    Pickaxe snapping intensifies
Golden Pickaxe

-	Haste II
-	Mending
-	Unbreaking III
-	Efficiency V

This is… requiem
    If you built a tall enough stone pillar, stood at the top with this pickaxe and mined straight down would you take fall damage when it broke?
        No you experience an infinite loop of mining all possible blocks always approaching the truthful answer to your question but you will not reach the truth because this is the power of Golden Pickaxe Requiem
            H-how many times am I going to be mined!?
        No, because being in the air rather than standing on a block slows you enough that you lose instant-mine.
        Yes
        No because there are midair block breaking penalties similar to trying to break blocks underwater.
    1 Tick is not less than 1 Tick.
        So to defeat the galactic empire you just change the value of 1tick=0tick?
Last time I played Minecraft was 2011 and I am in a world of confusion right now
    Jeez that’s been a long time. You definitely check it out again you probably can still enjoy it.
        Yeah it’s like a whole new game. I imagine it would be like playing a full sized sequel to minecraft. minecraft 2: redstone boogaloo
    Right? All sorts of interesting nonsense in it now .. Hmm..
[removed]
    Yup, but if you're smart you'll do it with explosives
        I do bed mining. Its cheaper.
            That's fair, I have a gunpowder farm for my elytra so I use those to avoid the fire that beds leave
                Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
                    https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
Isn't that just redstone ?
    Light red instead of a darker red like redstone
if they let you transfer enchantments it would have *a* use, though I'm on the fence about whether that would be a good addition.
    Not sure, but you can increase the material of items now right with a new block?

Chance i have it wrong, but if you're able to upgrade gold to diamond to netherite, you might have a good use by enchanting a gold tool and upgrading that to a better material
        You can’t upgrade tools other than diamond
            Yes, but they're saying it would be a good addition to have something to upgrade gold to.
                actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
                    Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
        Unfortunately you do have it wrong. The Smithing Table is the block you're thinking of, but it doesn't increase the material. Its exclusive use is turning diamond equipment into netherite equipment.
            Oof, if it would also allow gold to diamond, then gold's high enchantability would give it a use.

I think the solution to giving gold tools a good unique use (like this idea) is not too far away
I use gold as an enchant sink.  Say for example I want fortune 3 on my pick, but the last slot on the enchant table is efficiency 3.  I enchant a gold pick instead, and it gets efficiency 3 and a bunch of other stuff like silk touch, unbreaking, etc.  Now I can disenchant it on a grindstone and get almost 2-3 levels worth of XP back, and now the enchant table shows Fortune 3 to go on my main pick.
    I just use villagers for enchanting, it's so much easier to get what you want
        I prefer to use villagers for locking in powerful generalist enchantments, like Mending or efficiency.   Niche enchantments like silk touch, fortune, are more worthwhile through the table imo.
It's easy early-game access to enchanted tools.
    Only problem with that is that 95% of the time someone will have at least diamond tools in order to make an enchantment table, meaning they already have a better tool to enchant. If someone gets lucky enough to find 4 obsidian and 2 diamonds from loot chests before getting diamonds, then you could justify enchanting gold tools if you *really* needed silk touch or something. Fortune would only be useful for coal, as gold can’t mine the same things iron can (i.e. diamonds).
        I was really talking about finding enchanted golden tools in chests. You cannot find enchanted tools other than those until you get to an End City iirc.
            Unless you want to include a fishing rod
    For a whopping minute because they break so quick so who cares
        Getting a Looting or Silk Touch tool early-game can be really helpful.
            Or fire aspect, I found a fire aspect gold sword on my first day and it made food a lot easier for the first few hours of my world
            How long do you spend in that early of a game?  Unless you have no idea about diamond ore-gen levels.. In which case you’re also unlikely to know about easy gold enchantment.
            [deleted]
                That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
Yeah, and it doesn't even do much either. Not like you can hit eff VI or something crazy with high enchant-ability. I think that they should make it be more dramatic, allowing you to get something crazy like Smite VII. Trade off of course being that it is gold and will break fast.
Inefficient? Gold pickaxe is the fastest.
    Speed doesn’t matter when it can’t mine more than a few dozen blocks. And the fact that it can’t mine anything faster than an efficiency 5 diamond/netherite pick with a haste beacon can.
        Yeah but which ones easier to acquire
            Iron is easier to get than gold. It will outperform gold overall thanks to not being made of paper.
    They may have the highest mining speed, but when you have to carry 50 of them in order to get the same usage as one (1) diamond pickaxe, and they only have the ore-mining capabilities of a wooden pickaxe, they're incredibly inefficient and worth less than dirt.
        Yeah it's logical to not use gold the only reason you would use gold is if this was runescape and mining those rocks gave you mining xp. Then you would have 100000 gold pickaxe in ur bank as that would be super efficient xp u just lose money haha.
Do you happen to have the yt video or seed? Sounds like a fun start.
    I’m currently at work but I can look when I get home. There’s enough lava to make a new portal (the existing one has a few pieces of crying obsidian) there’s also a really good pair of gold boots with feather falling 4 I think and a couple other enchants. Very nice start indeed.
    -1492998934
[deleted]
    Piglins attack and chase you if you aren't wearing gold armor or mine gold around them
In a mod (I'm not sure which one, I just know it's from RLCraft), you can craft a disenchantment table. With an enchanted tool and a book, you can remove the top enchantment and put it on the book. The only downside is that it destroys the tool. You could make a bunch of gold tools, enchant them (gold tools get amazing enchantments), take the top enchantment for each one, and make god tools with ease.
    I think it might be from draconic evolution,might be wrong though
        Draconic evolution does have a disenchantment table but I'm sure other mods do too
    You could simply enchant books and combine them and get the same effect.
Yes, but the tools aren't made of straight diamonds. Its usually a metal alloy like steel that is lined with diamond.  Thats the difference between Minecrafts pure diamond tools, and tools that use diamonds today.
    So basically you should make diamond tools in a manner similar to Netherite tools
        That woule be the realistic route
            It's not about "realism", not really anyway. If it was, then all blocks would have gravity physics, pistons would require non-infinite sources of power, and you wouldn't be able to hold 64 meter cubed blocks. 

It's about creating a facsimile of realism. There needed to be a "best tool" and diamonds were it and not gold because a base property of diamond is hardness, and a base property of gold is softness. You use the whole diamond to keep things simple and crafting recipes the same.
                Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
                It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
    Whoa, hold the fucking phone. Are you saying that Minecraft isn't purely based in reality? Stop the fucking press, we gotta tell everyone about this!
And when do you really need that? I'd never trade an inventory slot, let alone a hotbar slot, for a super situational tool that is going to break like immediately and make me swap anyway.

Gold should break as many blocks as stone or so. Would make it viable for finishing large projects that requiring mining a lot of stone.
    Personally I don't min-max my bars. I just carry a good pick around for when I drop in lava and need to get into a wall quickly. Or when I need to make a 1x1 hole to duck into to save me from monsters. When it gets close to dead I add a healthy one to my bar.
        I think it has been years since I've been in any of those situations.
hypixel skyblock
According to somebody further up that name is misleading and it doesn't prevent it from breaking
    Well yeah unbreaking enchantments don't make it invulnerable, but it lasts significantly longer, and since gold items are designed to get better enchantments you are more likely to get unbreaking 3. 

Do you not play minecraft?
        Not since Microsoft bought them and I forgot my password. 

I have opened 2 dozen tickets but they won't respond to help me migrate/recover my alpha account.
            I've literally had the same problem. I just bought a second account because their support doesn't give a shit or doesn't have the proper tools to help someone like me migrate my account.
Found an unbreaking mending gold pickaxe early game, and only use it for coal. It's great, but only great for that.
You only need efficiency 4 to insta netherack
50/50 chance. It either breaks or it doesn’t.
    The only true statistic: 50/50 chance, it’ll either happen or it won’t.
        Yeah, that's what he said
[deleted]
    eeeeeeeeee
        ffffffffffffffff
            gggggggggggg
                hhhhhhhhhhhh
                    IIIIIIIIII
Fear not because with a constant xp source, a mending pickaxe is unbreakable
    How about a gold pickaxe with mending and unbreaking III?
        it will beat others out if he'll if used correctly
            [deleted]
                [removed]
        If you just mine a bunch of stone it will break
        if it's ores it will probably win ezpz
        [removed]
        The same as a diamond pickaxe with those enchantments but it has a much smaller buffer
        It's an excellent choice as long as you mine things that drop XP. I'd still use something that can mine obsidian though.
        If the line was made of ores instead of stone
        Mending is mainly used for swords or fishing rods because you need to obtain exp to not lose durability. If you were mining all redstone ore, then I guess it could work, but anything below iron would lose even more time because they can't mine redstone ore.
            Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
    Did you know that diamond is unbreakable? Only the crazy ones.
    Mining cobblestone and cooking it?
    Mending fishing poles NEVER run out.

I mean they do, but logically, they don't.
        Fun fact: you can break a mending fishing pole if you use it for combat purposes rather then fishing. You can also swap to another item right before you pick up the fishing xp to effectively break it aswell.
    Fun fact: if you use a fishing rod with mending for its intended use, the fishing rod is unbreakable
    Thank god for so farming
It does exactly that but not the way you thought it does (the lasting longer before breaking part)
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        Nah, that doesn't count since you can't actually use it as a tool.
            You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
            You can use it as a toilet.
                only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
Mining through the nether for 4000 blocks to get back from the End Stronghold to my base almost took mine out, had to actively stop and mine quartz whenever I saw it.

(4000, not in a straight line, mostly diagonal and about 2-3 blocks wide the whole way because I was just flailing side to side with efficiency 5 to just get home faster)
    If you have mending armor, take it off while mining. It sucks up EXP and levels you up instead of using it all to heal. 

I have a non mending armor set specifically for mining. Non thorns as well to give it durability in case I am hit. Most dangerous is to go with no armor at all
        Good to know for elsewhere, but this was on the way back from fighting the ender dragon lol. I didn't bring 2 sets of armor for that.
        Wasn't that changed recently? At least my xp farms seem to work now with mending armor on
    Yea you have to mine all the quartz you see in the nether given how fast netherrack mines and how theres no other source of mining xp except the gold blocks (but that's minimal)
It does do that though lol
Just very, *very* unlikely.
Don't put it in your pocket. Otherwise it'll get mixed with the others and become just a quarter. Which it is.
Like a if you started a new version of this race every second since the moment of the big bang it probably still won't happen "chance".

Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.
    > Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.

This is what I read.  Let's do it!
        \- Every PM ever
    If that probability shown is correct, if you started it as many times as there are subatomic particles in the entire universe then there's still about a one in a 10 million chance.

Number of particles = 3.2x10^80 or so
    I mean, that's like saying "I'm 99% sure it won't work".  

So you aren't sure then.
        It is theoretically possible, but it will never happen.

The chance is so infinitely small that it is effectively zero.

You could have every computer in the world playing Minecraft simultaneously running this race over and over again for your entire lifespan and you could still say with confidence that it will never happen.
        More like saying a "I'm 99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999998% sure it wont work."

I think I counted the 9's right.
    It could succeed on its first try though, and then fail for the next 2x10^87 times.
Technically something but practically nothing.
Never tell me the odds!
Now that calculation is more difficult.

A Golden Pickaxe has a durability of 32. So it can finish the race with any amount between 32 and 0 (because a tool only brakes when used at 0 durability, not when reaching 0).

The odds of retaining durability with Unbreaking III is 75% for each use. We need to activate that at least 112 times to reach the goal with at least 0 durability left.

We're basically tossing a coin 144 times and hope to get heads 112 times of them, whereas the coin is imbalanced and has a 75% chance of landing a heads.
The formula for this is the binomial probability:

P(112) = (144 over 112)×0.75^(112)×0.25^(144-112)

~~which equates to a chance of approximately 5.9%.~~

Please feel free to correct if I'm wrong.

Edit: I think I forgot the "at least" bit regarding the 112 heads – really you'd need to add up all probabilities for P(112+x) for all x between 0 and 32, which then is a chance of something more like 25%.
    well actually, tools break after 1 durability. 0 durability tools were removed a few updates ago. it'll say 1/32 and then break
        Oh really? Well then, that brings the chance down to around [19.4%](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum_%28x%3D1%29%5E%2832%29+%28144+binom+112%2Bx%29*0.75%5E%28112%2Bx%29*0.25%5E%2832-x%29).
            I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
                Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
                Nice
if I got it correct, it should be around 20%

[wolframalpha link](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumlowerlimit%22%7D+-%3E%220%22&assumption=%7B%22C%22%2C+%22sum%22%7D+-%3E+%7B%22Calculator%22%7D&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumfunction%22%7D+-%3E%22C%28144%2Cx%29*0.25%5Ex*0.75%5E%28144-x%29%22&assumption=%7B%22F%22%2C+%22Sum%22%2C+%22sumupperlimit2%22%7D+-%3E%2231%22) (x is the lost durability)

\---

Update, I don't know why I believe it's 144, but apparently it should be 134, which turns out to be 35%, here is my [another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/id9vpq/all_pickaxes_racing_against_each_other/g27x81e?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Technically, but yet still impossible I like to say
It isn't true: for example when you roll a dice the probability to get 6 (or a any number of your choice) is 1/6.
But I like your way of thinking
    No, you either get a 6 or not a 6, still 50/50
Pickaxe snapping intensifies
If you built a tall enough stone pillar, stood at the top with this pickaxe and mined straight down would you take fall damage when it broke?
    No you experience an infinite loop of mining all possible blocks always approaching the truthful answer to your question but you will not reach the truth because this is the power of Golden Pickaxe Requiem
        H-how many times am I going to be mined!?
    No, because being in the air rather than standing on a block slows you enough that you lose instant-mine.
    Yes
    No because there are midair block breaking penalties similar to trying to break blocks underwater.
1 Tick is not less than 1 Tick.
    So to defeat the galactic empire you just change the value of 1tick=0tick?
Jeez that’s been a long time. You definitely check it out again you probably can still enjoy it.
    Yeah it’s like a whole new game. I imagine it would be like playing a full sized sequel to minecraft. minecraft 2: redstone boogaloo
Right? All sorts of interesting nonsense in it now .. Hmm..
Yup, but if you're smart you'll do it with explosives
    I do bed mining. Its cheaper.
        That's fair, I have a gunpowder farm for my elytra so I use those to avoid the fire that beds leave
            Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
                https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
Light red instead of a darker red like redstone
Not sure, but you can increase the material of items now right with a new block?

Chance i have it wrong, but if you're able to upgrade gold to diamond to netherite, you might have a good use by enchanting a gold tool and upgrading that to a better material
    You can’t upgrade tools other than diamond
        Yes, but they're saying it would be a good addition to have something to upgrade gold to.
            actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
                Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
    Unfortunately you do have it wrong. The Smithing Table is the block you're thinking of, but it doesn't increase the material. Its exclusive use is turning diamond equipment into netherite equipment.
        Oof, if it would also allow gold to diamond, then gold's high enchantability would give it a use.

I think the solution to giving gold tools a good unique use (like this idea) is not too far away
I just use villagers for enchanting, it's so much easier to get what you want
    I prefer to use villagers for locking in powerful generalist enchantments, like Mending or efficiency.   Niche enchantments like silk touch, fortune, are more worthwhile through the table imo.
Only problem with that is that 95% of the time someone will have at least diamond tools in order to make an enchantment table, meaning they already have a better tool to enchant. If someone gets lucky enough to find 4 obsidian and 2 diamonds from loot chests before getting diamonds, then you could justify enchanting gold tools if you *really* needed silk touch or something. Fortune would only be useful for coal, as gold can’t mine the same things iron can (i.e. diamonds).
    I was really talking about finding enchanted golden tools in chests. You cannot find enchanted tools other than those until you get to an End City iirc.
        Unless you want to include a fishing rod
For a whopping minute because they break so quick so who cares
    Getting a Looting or Silk Touch tool early-game can be really helpful.
        Or fire aspect, I found a fire aspect gold sword on my first day and it made food a lot easier for the first few hours of my world
        How long do you spend in that early of a game?  Unless you have no idea about diamond ore-gen levels.. In which case you’re also unlikely to know about easy gold enchantment.
        [deleted]
            That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
Speed doesn’t matter when it can’t mine more than a few dozen blocks. And the fact that it can’t mine anything faster than an efficiency 5 diamond/netherite pick with a haste beacon can.
    Yeah but which ones easier to acquire
        Iron is easier to get than gold. It will outperform gold overall thanks to not being made of paper.
They may have the highest mining speed, but when you have to carry 50 of them in order to get the same usage as one (1) diamond pickaxe, and they only have the ore-mining capabilities of a wooden pickaxe, they're incredibly inefficient and worth less than dirt.
    Yeah it's logical to not use gold the only reason you would use gold is if this was runescape and mining those rocks gave you mining xp. Then you would have 100000 gold pickaxe in ur bank as that would be super efficient xp u just lose money haha.
I’m currently at work but I can look when I get home. There’s enough lava to make a new portal (the existing one has a few pieces of crying obsidian) there’s also a really good pair of gold boots with feather falling 4 I think and a couple other enchants. Very nice start indeed.
-1492998934
Piglins attack and chase you if you aren't wearing gold armor or mine gold around them
I think it might be from draconic evolution,might be wrong though
    Draconic evolution does have a disenchantment table but I'm sure other mods do too
You could simply enchant books and combine them and get the same effect.
So basically you should make diamond tools in a manner similar to Netherite tools
    That woule be the realistic route
        It's not about "realism", not really anyway. If it was, then all blocks would have gravity physics, pistons would require non-infinite sources of power, and you wouldn't be able to hold 64 meter cubed blocks. 

It's about creating a facsimile of realism. There needed to be a "best tool" and diamonds were it and not gold because a base property of diamond is hardness, and a base property of gold is softness. You use the whole diamond to keep things simple and crafting recipes the same.
            Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
            It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
Whoa, hold the fucking phone. Are you saying that Minecraft isn't purely based in reality? Stop the fucking press, we gotta tell everyone about this!
Personally I don't min-max my bars. I just carry a good pick around for when I drop in lava and need to get into a wall quickly. Or when I need to make a 1x1 hole to duck into to save me from monsters. When it gets close to dead I add a healthy one to my bar.
    I think it has been years since I've been in any of those situations.
Well yeah unbreaking enchantments don't make it invulnerable, but it lasts significantly longer, and since gold items are designed to get better enchantments you are more likely to get unbreaking 3. 

Do you not play minecraft?
    Not since Microsoft bought them and I forgot my password. 

I have opened 2 dozen tickets but they won't respond to help me migrate/recover my alpha account.
        I've literally had the same problem. I just bought a second account because their support doesn't give a shit or doesn't have the proper tools to help someone like me migrate my account.
The only true statistic: 50/50 chance, it’ll either happen or it won’t.
    Yeah, that's what he said
eeeeeeeeee
    ffffffffffffffff
        gggggggggggg
            hhhhhhhhhhhh
                IIIIIIIIII
How about a gold pickaxe with mending and unbreaking III?
    it will beat others out if he'll if used correctly
        [deleted]
            [removed]
    If you just mine a bunch of stone it will break
    if it's ores it will probably win ezpz
    [removed]
    The same as a diamond pickaxe with those enchantments but it has a much smaller buffer
    It's an excellent choice as long as you mine things that drop XP. I'd still use something that can mine obsidian though.
    If the line was made of ores instead of stone
    Mending is mainly used for swords or fishing rods because you need to obtain exp to not lose durability. If you were mining all redstone ore, then I guess it could work, but anything below iron would lose even more time because they can't mine redstone ore.
        Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
Did you know that diamond is unbreakable? Only the crazy ones.
Mining cobblestone and cooking it?
Mending fishing poles NEVER run out.

I mean they do, but logically, they don't.
    Fun fact: you can break a mending fishing pole if you use it for combat purposes rather then fishing. You can also swap to another item right before you pick up the fishing xp to effectively break it aswell.
Fun fact: if you use a fishing rod with mending for its intended use, the fishing rod is unbreakable
Thank god for so farming
[deleted]
    Nah, that doesn't count since you can't actually use it as a tool.
        You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
        You can use it as a toilet.
            only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
If you have mending armor, take it off while mining. It sucks up EXP and levels you up instead of using it all to heal. 

I have a non mending armor set specifically for mining. Non thorns as well to give it durability in case I am hit. Most dangerous is to go with no armor at all
    Good to know for elsewhere, but this was on the way back from fighting the ender dragon lol. I didn't bring 2 sets of armor for that.
    Wasn't that changed recently? At least my xp farms seem to work now with mending armor on
Yea you have to mine all the quartz you see in the nether given how fast netherrack mines and how theres no other source of mining xp except the gold blocks (but that's minimal)
> Then yes, I'm saying there is a chance.

This is what I read.  Let's do it!
    \- Every PM ever
If that probability shown is correct, if you started it as many times as there are subatomic particles in the entire universe then there's still about a one in a 10 million chance.

Number of particles = 3.2x10^80 or so
I mean, that's like saying "I'm 99% sure it won't work".  

So you aren't sure then.
    It is theoretically possible, but it will never happen.

The chance is so infinitely small that it is effectively zero.

You could have every computer in the world playing Minecraft simultaneously running this race over and over again for your entire lifespan and you could still say with confidence that it will never happen.
    More like saying a "I'm 99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999998% sure it wont work."

I think I counted the 9's right.
It could succeed on its first try though, and then fail for the next 2x10^87 times.
well actually, tools break after 1 durability. 0 durability tools were removed a few updates ago. it'll say 1/32 and then break
    Oh really? Well then, that brings the chance down to around [19.4%](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum_%28x%3D1%29%5E%2832%29+%28144+binom+112%2Bx%29*0.75%5E%28112%2Bx%29*0.25%5E%2832-x%29).
        I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
            Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
            Nice
No, you either get a 6 or not a 6, still 50/50
No you experience an infinite loop of mining all possible blocks always approaching the truthful answer to your question but you will not reach the truth because this is the power of Golden Pickaxe Requiem
    H-how many times am I going to be mined!?
No, because being in the air rather than standing on a block slows you enough that you lose instant-mine.
Yes
No because there are midair block breaking penalties similar to trying to break blocks underwater.
So to defeat the galactic empire you just change the value of 1tick=0tick?
Yeah it’s like a whole new game. I imagine it would be like playing a full sized sequel to minecraft. minecraft 2: redstone boogaloo
I do bed mining. Its cheaper.
    That's fair, I have a gunpowder farm for my elytra so I use those to avoid the fire that beds leave
        Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
            https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
You can’t upgrade tools other than diamond
    Yes, but they're saying it would be a good addition to have something to upgrade gold to.
        actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
            Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
Unfortunately you do have it wrong. The Smithing Table is the block you're thinking of, but it doesn't increase the material. Its exclusive use is turning diamond equipment into netherite equipment.
    Oof, if it would also allow gold to diamond, then gold's high enchantability would give it a use.

I think the solution to giving gold tools a good unique use (like this idea) is not too far away
I prefer to use villagers for locking in powerful generalist enchantments, like Mending or efficiency.   Niche enchantments like silk touch, fortune, are more worthwhile through the table imo.
I was really talking about finding enchanted golden tools in chests. You cannot find enchanted tools other than those until you get to an End City iirc.
    Unless you want to include a fishing rod
Getting a Looting or Silk Touch tool early-game can be really helpful.
    Or fire aspect, I found a fire aspect gold sword on my first day and it made food a lot easier for the first few hours of my world
    How long do you spend in that early of a game?  Unless you have no idea about diamond ore-gen levels.. In which case you’re also unlikely to know about easy gold enchantment.
    [deleted]
        That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
Yeah but which ones easier to acquire
    Iron is easier to get than gold. It will outperform gold overall thanks to not being made of paper.
Yeah it's logical to not use gold the only reason you would use gold is if this was runescape and mining those rocks gave you mining xp. Then you would have 100000 gold pickaxe in ur bank as that would be super efficient xp u just lose money haha.
Draconic evolution does have a disenchantment table but I'm sure other mods do too
That woule be the realistic route
    It's not about "realism", not really anyway. If it was, then all blocks would have gravity physics, pistons would require non-infinite sources of power, and you wouldn't be able to hold 64 meter cubed blocks. 

It's about creating a facsimile of realism. There needed to be a "best tool" and diamonds were it and not gold because a base property of diamond is hardness, and a base property of gold is softness. You use the whole diamond to keep things simple and crafting recipes the same.
        Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
        It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
I think it has been years since I've been in any of those situations.
Not since Microsoft bought them and I forgot my password. 

I have opened 2 dozen tickets but they won't respond to help me migrate/recover my alpha account.
    I've literally had the same problem. I just bought a second account because their support doesn't give a shit or doesn't have the proper tools to help someone like me migrate my account.
Yeah, that's what he said
ffffffffffffffff
    gggggggggggg
        hhhhhhhhhhhh
            IIIIIIIIII
it will beat others out if he'll if used correctly
    [deleted]
        [removed]
If you just mine a bunch of stone it will break
if it's ores it will probably win ezpz
[removed]
The same as a diamond pickaxe with those enchantments but it has a much smaller buffer
It's an excellent choice as long as you mine things that drop XP. I'd still use something that can mine obsidian though.
If the line was made of ores instead of stone
Mending is mainly used for swords or fishing rods because you need to obtain exp to not lose durability. If you were mining all redstone ore, then I guess it could work, but anything below iron would lose even more time because they can't mine redstone ore.
    Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
Fun fact: you can break a mending fishing pole if you use it for combat purposes rather then fishing. You can also swap to another item right before you pick up the fishing xp to effectively break it aswell.
Nah, that doesn't count since you can't actually use it as a tool.
    You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
    You can use it as a toilet.
        only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
Good to know for elsewhere, but this was on the way back from fighting the ender dragon lol. I didn't bring 2 sets of armor for that.
Wasn't that changed recently? At least my xp farms seem to work now with mending armor on
\- Every PM ever
It is theoretically possible, but it will never happen.

The chance is so infinitely small that it is effectively zero.

You could have every computer in the world playing Minecraft simultaneously running this race over and over again for your entire lifespan and you could still say with confidence that it will never happen.
More like saying a "I'm 99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999998% sure it wont work."

I think I counted the 9's right.
Oh really? Well then, that brings the chance down to around [19.4%](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=sum_%28x%3D1%29%5E%2832%29+%28144+binom+112%2Bx%29*0.75%5E%28112%2Bx%29*0.25%5E%2832-x%29).
    I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
        Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
        Nice
H-how many times am I going to be mined!?
That's fair, I have a gunpowder farm for my elytra so I use those to avoid the fire that beds leave
    Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
        https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
Yes, but they're saying it would be a good addition to have something to upgrade gold to.
    actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
        Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
Oof, if it would also allow gold to diamond, then gold's high enchantability would give it a use.

I think the solution to giving gold tools a good unique use (like this idea) is not too far away
Unless you want to include a fishing rod
Or fire aspect, I found a fire aspect gold sword on my first day and it made food a lot easier for the first few hours of my world
How long do you spend in that early of a game?  Unless you have no idea about diamond ore-gen levels.. In which case you’re also unlikely to know about easy gold enchantment.
[deleted]
    That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
Iron is easier to get than gold. It will outperform gold overall thanks to not being made of paper.
It's not about "realism", not really anyway. If it was, then all blocks would have gravity physics, pistons would require non-infinite sources of power, and you wouldn't be able to hold 64 meter cubed blocks. 

It's about creating a facsimile of realism. There needed to be a "best tool" and diamonds were it and not gold because a base property of diamond is hardness, and a base property of gold is softness. You use the whole diamond to keep things simple and crafting recipes the same.
    Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
    It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
I've literally had the same problem. I just bought a second account because their support doesn't give a shit or doesn't have the proper tools to help someone like me migrate my account.
gggggggggggg
    hhhhhhhhhhhh
        IIIIIIIIII
[deleted]
    [removed]
Actually no... I put mending on everything. If you are on Java you can hold your pickax in your left hand and use your sword on a mob grinder. If you are on bedrock you can make many different kinds of XP farms that don’t require you to hit any mobs... if you are tying to fix a pick axe by only mining blocks you are doing it extremely wrong.
You can’t use broken tools in Minecraft either, can you?
You can use it as a toilet.
    only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
I'm simulating this using a simple visual basic script and Excel.

Simulating 10000 unbreakable III golden pickaxes trying to break as many blocks as they can.

I'll run the simulation until all 10000 pickaxes break.

First pickaxe breaks at block 69.

At block 100, 9352 remain.

At block 130, 4411 remain.

At block 144, 1962 remain.

At block 200, 11 remain.

The last pickaxe breaks at block 230.
    Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
    Nice
Ahh that makes sense. The server im playing in I'm still starting so I dont have much resources. I was lucky to get a shulker full of wool from a crate which help me do bed mining.
    https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
actually you bring up a good point.

Netherite ingots are scrap + gold. netherite tools are that + diamond tool. It'd be consistent with that theme for ~any combination of gold + scrap + diamond to make a netherite tool.

So f/e they could allow ench. gold tool + diamonds + scraps = ench. netherite tool.

The existing smithing table interface wouldn't quite support that, but i'm sure a solution could be figured out.
    Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
That's what I was thinking of as well. :P
Listen.  I responded to a comment about realism, with realism.  Im not saying thats how the game should be played, im just pointing something out. Thats all.
It becomes jarring when there is some effort put into realism when gold tools are bad while realism is ignored when it comes to the practicality of diamond armor
hhhhhhhhhhhh
    IIIIIIIIII
[removed]
only after fusing it with a regular toilet :)
Comes pretty accurate to 19.4% at 144. Would make for a nice distribution graph, I guess.
Nice
https://youtu.be/y9eTHnR2SE4

This is the one I use, relatively easy to build and produces way more gunpowder than you'll ever need
Just add another type of ingot, that is a reverse Netherite crafted with diamonds instead of gold, and then applied to a gold pickaxe instead of a diamond one.
IIIIIIIIII
