[[New Default Skins]]





Steve is still the only one with a nose
    susiety 😔😔😔😔
    No no that’s the mustache to the goatee
        Idk why they don’t just make the moustache bit the same colour as the beard. Would make it more obvious that it’s meant to be facial hair
            there’s a thing with facial hair where some patches can be different colors than others.

i’ve got a brunette-ish beard and my mustache is mostly blond
                While this is true, it’s probably not a good idea for them to go for something unusual when you’ve only got 16x16 pixels to convey a face with easily recognisable features
            My beard gets lighter the closer you get to my Stache cause the hair goes from black to brown to red to dirty blonde. Having different colored facial hair is cool though
        I don't care it's a nose and no one can tell me otherwise
    Is it a nose or facial hair? I have to know
        Why not nose hair?
    And the only one with a smile :•]
        THATS MUSTACHE
    i cant unsee this now, game literally unplayable.
tuxedo steve is still superior
    Tuxedo Steve gang
        Yes
            DUTCH! IM DRIPPIN DUTCH
        nice pfp
            Your pfp too 🗿
                Same with yours 🔋
                    Good evening gentlemen. Were looking pretty sharp
        Giga chad
        tuxedo creeper gang
    Tennis steve is pretty epic too
        tennis steve best character, the only skin i ever used when i played on ps3 edition. it was great
        tennis steve superiority
    Scottish Steve
        Scottish Steve superiority
    Prisoner Steve.
    Formal cave spider is a classic
        Formal cave spider gang
    Yes

The Xbox 360/ps3 skins were so good
    Developer Steve Superiority
    nah "athlete steve" was the best
        He got removed because it was "racist" , big sad moment right there
    I liked playing hunger games with friends as a tuxedo squad
        I liked playing the battle mini game with the wither skull squad. good times...
    Chad
    All is inferior to Biker Steve
    [removed]
        # wait hes gone?!
    Prison Steve gang ftw
    what, pls elaborate
        steve in a tuxedo is better. It was a classic skin
    True
    That was my skin for *years* then a tuxedo creeper from the marketplace
    tuxedo steve is an absolute lad
    fungus creature >
    Everyone saying Steve variations, what about zombie? (I play Super Smash Bros.)
        The zombie is a mob (enemy), amongst other enemies like skeletons, spiders and creepers. However steve is the player and has many skins, some are versions of steve some arent, such as tuxedo steve, the undisputed best skin
    developer steve best
Hey guys, they added skins to minecraft.
    This is the most groundbreaking update since they had a full update about bees
        Well it was more or a bug fixing update that just happened to also come with bees.
            I remember when they were calling it "The Bees and Bugs Update" but then they changed the name for some reason :( it was a good pun
            TBH, they did fix some bugs, but they also added some, too.
    Mojang really puts alot of effort into the new Updates.../s
        Other new features include:

Not reusing the horse code we swear. 

Some bamboo blocks that should’ve been added years ago.

Signs being more like signs. 

Functional bookshelves finally.

A boat but we aren’t just calling it a boat it’s a raft. Just like how we added a boss but refuse to call it a boss.

/s
            Its not the whole thing, these are just the 99% ready, 100% confirmed features.
                Yes there will probably be a few more things announced later on, but little was announced during Minecon Live. You know the big event for Minecraft every year that’s had much larger updates announced at. So it’s just a tad funny to point out how little was announced from a major game studio regarding their main game
                    The point was to avoid building up expectations by leaving out things that are still subject to change and then getting burnt out trying to meet them if they decide said feature needs more stuff to make it better (see the original deep dark and then the current versions differences after they delayed it to improve the concept)
                        The update is coming out in 2023, people are gonna be burnt out regardless. It was a mistake to announce that they were releasing snapshots soon. Instead they should’ve said snapshots were coming sometime in the new year. It is yet another thing that could’ve be avoided but this is Mojang
                            I believe the snapshots are of the 90% finished content like the camels and bamboo then as things develop the snapshots will have more things added, they’ve clearly got some sort of plan. We just need to wait and see.
            Don’t forget adding in a single mob, when three is definitely within their ability.
        r/fucktheS
I like the Luigi guy
    Italian representation
    I call him discount Luigi
    I think he looks like that one friend of the main character in Minecraft Story Mode
This is all cool and all but... 

What are their names?
    [According to minecraft.net](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/minecraft-live-2022-the-recap), their names are  
> From Left to Right: Sunny, Kai, Makena, Steve, Alex, Zuri, Efe, Ari, and Noor

Copied from someone else in this subreddit. Credits to them.
        I love how it’s all pretty unique names and then it’s just **steve**
            Tbf, that's a pretty common white name. Or Geoff or Robert.
                Weird how I have never heard of the name Geoff. Robert, sure, but Geoff?
                    It's another way to spell Jeff, so I'd assume you've heard that name before
                        Ah, gotcha
            Out of 10 million people in Sweden only 800 are called Steve, I would say its pretty unique. But how do you know that the other names aren't common in their own regions?
        These new names are actually sick can’t wait for the fanart
            Names are sick as fuck, they really went all out in naming them. I can't wait for the promotional shit with them. Thatll be super cool.
            [removed]
                ...

You know what, it's the internet, go crazy.
                I’m getting the Cease and Desist Order.
        SUNNY? OMORI CAME TO MOTHERFUCKING MINECRAFT??
        They are gonna be OP when they also come to smash bros
        From a Swedish company I expected at least 1 representative.. 😂
        SUNNY?!?!!?! >!*falls off a hospital*!<
        new names are sick, not a huge fan of the name efe but that's just a personal thing
        To be honest I like the names more then the skins, mostly because, how will they work? Like, if you have bought minecraft, you already have the opportunity to choose a skin of your liking. Are they for when you play in offline mode and your skin is not visualized?
        S-sunny? 
Omori fans beware
        Sunny is cool
    Why not give em names?
        The one on the left is definitely named Mike. That's indisputable
            Waltuh
                You aren't suposse to put the fork in the microwave, waltuh.
                    I am the one who cooks the microwave meals
                Put your DS away Waltuh, you’re jamming navigation systems Waltuh.
            Kid named finger? 😳😳🥺
            Far right is Michael.
            I just looked again and, oh my god you're absolutely right
    Second in from the outer right, I shall call them Soup.
    Not yet
    Who cares to remember their names?  Of course, we are going to see them a lot in the servers.  So I think it will happen automatically
        I do.
    The blonde one is Stacy, can't argue on that
        It's a he, named Kai.
            How'd you know? Are their gender/pronouns stated anywhere? Those name all are pretty gender neutral
            Arms don't inherently mean it's a guy.

TBH, Kai strikes me as having been deliberately made ambiguous in gender (kinda like how Alex was at least initially meant to be) or possibly even outright nonbinary, what with the androgynous appearance and the gender-neutral name.
            Oh, hmm, where you got that i really want to see the list of the names. Also he still looks like a Starbucks Stacy.
[According to minecraft.net](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/minecraft-live-2022-the-recap), their names are  
> From Left to Right: Sunny, Kai, Makena, Steve, Alex, Zuri, Efe, Ari, and Noor
    Bruh wtf that’s my name irl. They added me in Minecraft
        Hello Sunnykaimakenastevealexzuriarinoor!
            Any relation to Sarahkayacomesin?
                wenomechaindasuma
                    I was actually thinking that before I saw your reply💀
                    tumajarbisaun
            Haha
            “But my fiends just call me Jeremy”
            You missed efe
        One of their names Is also very similiar to mine, cool.
    Nice, I got a friend (actually a few, common name in Turkey) called Efe
    Are these counties, religions or race   specific or random names?
        Noor is apparently an Arabic unisex name that translates to “light”, which is sick as fuck.
            I'm an Indian Muslim living in the UAE so I can confirm this. There are many variations of the name too. From what I've seen, it's mainly females that are named 'Noor' or 'Noora'. For males, you will find quite a few named 'Noor', but there's a lot more named 'Nooruddin' (light of the religion) or 'Noorullah' (light of God).
        I think they are random names from places that aren’t Britain and Greece. To balance out the British steve and greco-roman Alex. Because a lot of people live in places where English and Greek haven’t had such an influence as in Sweden or America.
    where is tyrone
    Ew
        Why?
Who remembers the tennis player?
    tuxedo steve is miles better
        Everyone remembers thug Steve though.
            Minority Steve
            HIS NAME IS ATHLETE STEVE
    Oh the times
Back in my day we used to just have Steve.
    Omg fr.. when I was a kid literally the whole lobby was just Steve 😭
    Ok grandpa, let's get you to bet.
        Really? After we *just* cured his gambling addiction?
    It was not about skins, it’s about no matter who you are, across nations and generations, we will all play as the same character, one of the most iconic protagonists in video games, it is a common memory among the whole generation across the globe.
        Unless you want to play a female character "for some reason".  Seriously, who would want that?  When we can all just be the same white guy!  Solidarity!  /s

Also: "This is clearly why character creation was made and became popular. Because everybody just wants to have the same exact experience!"
            In what world is Steve white?

He was made to be racially ambiguous.
    Rana was there too.
    That was peak patriarchy tbh, miss the good old days 😔
Im gonna be honest. These don't really have the same charm Steve and Alex do.
    I feel the same way, but I think that's mostly since we've had Steve for 13 years, and Alex for 8 years, so we have had a long time to get used to them.
    probably because they're new, I remember when Alex came out it took a bit for people to get used to the name + skin
    I think it's because they are way more detailed than steve and alex, the style difference feels jarring.

EDIT: for example, at least in my opinion, the second to last skin seems way less detailed and fits way better as a default skin along side steve and alex
        GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD


haha standing here I realize funny haha
    They look like someone can get used to them, the style doesnt seem very different to me
    good thing they gave steve the ~~smile~~ beard back
I find this a bit strange, when it seems like Bedrock's character creator already solves this issue, but still cool regardless
    It’s not just for playing. It’s also for the animated bits they do when announcing new things. Where you’d normally see Steve or Alex, these new people will show up instead, sometimes. I imagine there will be merchandise, too.
        This comment. It's about everything. Sure you can get skins in game real easy but merch has constantly been Steve and Alex. So adding more will diversify it. It's a good thing.
            They also said that the intent is not to completely replace skins , just that until you find the skin you like, ull have something that represents you
            They should def give their faces some distinction
                They probably have distinctive characteristics when in game, we only saw them really briefly
                    I hope these are prototypes
            Having one universal Steve was truly inclusive.
                Why are all of them girls???
            I’ve opened about a dozen LEGO sets recently and you should see how many Steves I have! Time for some other default characters to shine so it’s not all samey.
        >	I imagine there will be merchandise, too.

“Minority groups aren’t buying enough minecraft merch. What should we do? Do you know, Tiny Jens?”
            If a little kid sees one of the new default skins on a tshirt or a lunchbox, and that makes him or her feel good about seeing someone who looks like them in a franchise that they adore, I’m all for it.
                Prayers for little square kid🙏🙏
                All for the cool low price of $79.99 ^(plus shipping and handling)

This is nothing more than commercialized tokenization. It shouldn’t be applauded.
                    Yeah, it’s commercialized. It’s a product. That’s what products are. That doesn’t mean they shouldn’t make it an inclusive product, and that doesn’t make it tokenization, either. There is nothing to see here.
                        They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. That’s textbook tokenization. Exploiting underprivileged markets desperate for representation by releasing cheap shit like this
                            >	They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. 

There is absolutely no evidence supporting that. It’s literally just a thing you’ve said. That doesn’t make it so.
                    It's representation and should be applauded.  Don't try to gaslight us.  A lot of Minecraft players utilize that thing between their ears to get a leg up in the game, so don't underestimate our critical thinking skills.

I'll be happy for all the young colored children who might discover a new favorite skin among the new defaults.  You can go back and stew in your own inadequacy and self-loathing back under that rock you crawled out from under.
        But haven't there been other skins used ( I think some of them being here) in animations before? Nothing is really stopping them from using different skins in animations, which just leaves merchandise. So, essentially, this update is an ad for microjang's new buyable merch and nothing to actually improve the game. No thanks.
    Bedrock's character creator doesn't solve it for Java Edition players.  


Edit: Love how I wanted to address that the character creator is not on Java Edition and people have chosen to believe that I'm addressing something else entirely.
        Download a skin then.
            these are probably for children who are just starting the game and don’t know how to do that yet. I don’t see why anyone would have a problem with this.
                Yes noobs will get more options, that's what I'm saying
                Exactly. Having a built-in skin switcher for these is very good for children or the non-technologically-inclined.
                Back in my kiddo days I was able to crack games easily, kids these days can't even download a skin?

weakness disgusts me
                They wanna be combative assholes for the sake of being combative assholes. Either that or they're just racists genuinely being triggered that Mojag dares to acknowledge that POC exist.
                    I’m not even white. Go outside and touch some grass.
                        When exactly did I say you were?
                            < being triggered that Mojang dares to acknowledge that POC exist


Heavy implications. Or maybe you’re just too busy being a prick online.
                If you’re a kid you’re most likely on bedrock.
                    I got started on java when I was a kid. if one person finds these skins useful then they’ve served their purpose. if you don’t need them, don’t use them. makes no difference to your experience of the game.
                        Okay, but most kids play on bedrock, where skin choice is severely limited.
                    Well, considering that Java is only on PC And Bedrock is LİTERALLY EVERY OTHER VERSİON yeah
            Why not add new defaults? It has no negative impact on anything whatsoever
            ye, like the new default skins
        Skins exist, but they are a pain to download
        You can literally upload any skin you want for Java. Literally any skin. For free. It's been this way for ten years. This is Twitter bait.
            [deleted]
                I don't think there are many schools using java edition for teaching.
                Ok random tangent but the fact that kids are so invested in tech and yet have so little knowledge of data storage and system functions is sad
                when I started playing minecraft ten years ago I managed to upload my own skin. I think modern kids can figure it out. You dont even have to download anything. there's an import skin button on most skin sites now.
                    What is the downside of adding new default skins? Also the new skins will not just be in the game, it will be part of advertising and merch.
                        I never said there was one. What I am saying is that this is a "feature" to "add representation" when the game already supported 100% custom skins. This is a nothing burger being served and people are convinced it has meat on it.
                            The new skins are not just for in the game, they said the new skins will be used in things like the trailer.
                                Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
            This is literally just extra content. Just a few more options. An easy addition. How are you making this an issue?
            Kids (noobs) can't do that
        We have paint and dozens of online tools that can generate the texture map though?
    Pretty sure this is so they can use the skins in marketing and provide new default skins to Java edition
Its cool I guess? I don't really see the point when you can make your own skin that perfectly represents you
    I guess it's targeted more towards children who want options but also aren't old enough to use a skin editor
        You underestimate the number of adults who just want to play the game.

The vast majority of gamers don't want to use mods.
            Custom skins do aren't a mid though.
            That's just factually not true. That vast majority of players have a non deafult skin
    Also for putting more diversity in their trailers and game updates.
    A large amount of people just use the default skins. It's nice if there is  some diversity and this was an easy fix. So why not?
    They're mostly for two things

1. so they can use them in trailers/marketing

2. so new players who don't know/care about custom skins can just select one of the options
    Representation matters. The two default skins currently available - representing Caucasian people - only cover ~6% of the world's population. Adding these other default characters - which will no doubt also appear in animated shorts, game banners, merchandise, etc, indicates to people that aren't in that ~6% of the population that happen to be Caucasian that they are welcome too.
        Steve’s case is pretty debatable.
        I mean, Steve looks like he could represent almost anyone, but that's besides the point
            Steve could not physically represent somebody like Lebron James, which is exactly the point.

Tanner-skinned Caucasian male =/= basically virtually representation for everybody
        Dang had no idea that 
A. Steve is Caucasian
B. POC felt they weren't welcome in the best selling game of all time. Guess only white people bought it

I'm all for the skins this reasoning is just silly
        This is just straight information here.  People downvoting are abusing the function.  For bigotry, I might add.

A few skins in this update really brought out the worst sorts of people in the community.
            Go and complain on twitter, kid. If you see a bigotry in downvoting false information, then it's only your problem
                I'm not on Twitter.  What right-wing propaganda machine did you pick that up from, I wonder.
Is it just me, or do the outfits feel a bit... extra? Alex and Steve have simple, timeless pants and shirts of ambiguous material, and then on these fellas you've got belts with metal buckles and stuff. Like, that red T-Shirt there? Tell me that isn't obviously from 20th/21st century. I love the idea of new default skins, and this will probably fade with time, but they just don't capture the same feel that Steve and Alex have.
    Agree, Steve has jeans and a light blue t-shirt, which aren't too specific. I also like their design.
Og steve supremacy
    steve legion rise up
Guy on the left has a bird glove. More birds confirmed for 1.20.
    I think it’s an artificial arm. Like a prosthetic.
Tuxedo Steve coming in

Edit: Most of the Steve variants are superior. Tennis Steve for example
    even after all these years my skin on bedrock is tuxedo steve
Could’ve used these guys a decade ago so LEGO didn’t shove Steve and Alex into all the sets. They’ve thankfully moved away from that recently
I’m surprised why this is being advertised as a feature? Players have been able to make whichever skin they wanted, and this is only 7 more skins meaning people are still going to be excluded.
    They mentioned that some people can’t when they first start the game
        Character creator in bedrock already has all the skin tones doesn't it? And java skin apps are free
            Skin things free, but you have to keep in mind a lot of players are really young and have no clue how to download different skins
    Not everyone is a decent pixel artist.
        Would have made more sense to just make a character creator
            They already made one.
                Ah well someone should tell them that
                    I really don’t think this is that big a deal, just give people multiple options.
                        I’m only against it in the sense that it was a waste of time, and was most likely pushed by microsoft as a way to sell more merch. If there’s a character creator then this is otherwise pointless

Edit: not sure how you got your feelings hurt enough to block me but it’s pretty pathetic. Especially when you’re trying to take some highroad about how nobody can have opinions but you. Kinda dumb but you do you chief
                            If it’s such a waste of time, then don’t add to it. You’re not critiquing it, this is hardly even a new feature, you’re just being negative because it happened.
    Ok? But they’re going to appear in trailers as well. It’s nice to see people like you in a game, it makes it clear that you’re welcome. At the very least this change will not harm you in any way. It’s purely benign
    They did it for internet points.
        Or you know, they just did it because "why not?".  The face of Minecraft has only been Steve and Alex up until now, but now, this whole group of characters can be used to present new updates and such.  It'll add more variety.  And they could even apply different archetypes to different characters.  Maybe the bandana guy will be a fisherman who highlights aquatic updates.  Or maybe one of the new female characters is an adventurer that highlights new ruin updates.

I really don't see how anybody could be interpreting this news as negative.  Creating skins and naming them isn't a distraction from substantial updates and they've made it clear that 1.20 will be a lot more than default skins.
            [removed]
                Yes.  It's to market to a more inclusive audience.  The biggest change aside from giving new players more options right off the bat is to include these characters in promotional content.  It'd be insanely dumb of them to walk out these new characters and still market purely with Steve and Alex.  It's not a mind-bender, man.

Edit: I'm going to respond to /u/Hunter20107, who responded to me in this comment, instead of replying because they blocked me out of fear of a strong, rational counter-argument, so here goes:

>While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself,

You're literally arguing that if somebody doesn't feel represented by the two Caucasian default skins, they should have to put in the extra effort to download or make a custom avatar... And you're arguing this **AFTER** Mojang has already announced that they've designed 7 new default skins.

What the hell even is your argument?  De facto segregation between custom skins and defaults?  What is this "exclusivity" bullshit?  You mean, they become less rare and more commonly seen?  That's called inclusion!
                    ? I'm sorry, I don't understand your first paragraph, I replied to your comment like I would any post? I'm using the mobile app so not sure if it appeared differently but I have no idea what you're on about here, also I haven't blocked you fyi

Tbf I consider Steve to be somewhat tanned but sure fair point, though I didn't realise that it was so much effort to use a search engine for minecraft skins on java, or use the skin creator for bedrock. If any other version isn't so accessible to skins, then my apologies I wasn't aware,  though I'd argue they need a better way for user skin creation instead of using that time making skins, however java and bedrock hold the majority of minecraft users and custom skins are rather easily accessible there (I'm not as familiar with bedrock, but again, would rather improve it's skin creator tool for better user creation). 

I meant to say that trying to add more skins to include everyone only leads to more people wanting to be included, as each individual skin doesn't represent as broadly a group as it once did. While honourable in ideal, it means mojang spends more of their time making skins that people will probably ditch for their own custom one anyway, than making useful or interesting features and changes, which is more to the core of my argument. Just have one skin to represent everyone, some people won't care, those that do can put in the effort to find a skin someone else has made, and if they wanted something more specific, they'd feel the same way for these new skins anyway. If you really care about what that one skin looks like though, make it some random colour on the colour wheel, it don't matter.

You're making it seem as if getting a skin to represent you is so difficult when for the majority of players, it isn't, and if it is, Mojang should be spending their time improving skin customisation for those versions instead of making skins. If you wanted merch, I'm sure some of these skins have been in previous animations, and the rest are great additions for future ones, so still good merch opportunities. I just don't want them wasting time on skins when it could be better used elsewhere, like improving skin creation tools/implementation.

Irregardless, the reality is that these skins are apart of the update, so I hope the people that don't use custom skins enjoy them, but I don't want this to be a sign that mojang will start spending time working on new and 'cool' skins for future updates instead of features or bugfixes.
                    While I feel the concept is of good intentions, I feel, counterintuitively that adding more skins to be 'more inclusive' will just make the skins by themselves less inclusive. Originally it was just Steve and anybody was Steve, didn't really matter. Then Alex came along to essentially ascribe gender, and now we have a host of ethnicities, so Steve gos from being everyone to Steve being only Tanned skinned Males. Which I guess is fine if your ethnicity got added here, but now what about the groups that didn't get added, are they now not included? The attempt to add more inclusivity by adding more specific skins only increases the skin's exclusivity for those that do not have these more specific traits.

 While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself, often with better and more fitting results? Maybe easy skin creation isn't available on all versions, but that sounds like the problem is with the lack of customisation for specific platforms (they are supposed to be fixing parity after all) and not that the game needs more default skins

Let's be real here though, this isn't for making the audience feel more inclusive but to sell more merch for Microjang.
                Rude.
            It’s not really that great of a positive. I think that having more default skins might be a good thing for actual gameplay, but as for advertising, variety and representation aren’t what matters. If you want to be technical, few people actually are “represented” by Steve and Alex anyway. They have the rarer two eye colors. Alex has red hair, which is pretty rare. And seeing the differences in their skin tones, I wouldn’t exactly say Steve is Caucasian. I’ve never really thought of him like that. 
The thing is, Steve and Alex are classical figures that connect people to Minecraft. They are iconic for the game. They have sentiment behind them. These new characters don’t add anything to Minecraft. They’re just there to be a couple different skin and hair colors. (And honestly, if this is about representation, seems like they’re missing some people.) Steve and Alex are their own characters that represent a game. 
I don’t have an objection to adding more default skins, but as far as advertising Minecraft goes, we don’t need more characters, because the game isn’t about diversity.
        Really? Because I’ve also seen a lot of outrage.
            Only from disgusting racists.  Who the hell cares of they add a few default skins to the game?  I'll keep using my custom one and if new players have a wider selection of defaults while becoming familiar with the game, what could possibly be wrong with that?
                I think it's that we have no attachment to these new characters, like we do Steve and Alex.
                    Seriously, what attachment?  What personality do they have?  They're literally tabula rasas, stand-ins for an unknown player.  How can several other blank templates, but just with a few different skin tones, diminish what Steve and Alex are currently?

I'm just gonna straight-up say it.  Anybody who has a problem with these new default skins has racial prejudices.  And if they insist that they don't, they've got some introspection to do to come to terms with who they want to be going forward; Somebody who gets their jimmies rustled by new players having the opportunity to pick avatars more like themselves that are explicitly supported by the publisher and devs or somebody who can be happy about a low-effort update that welcomes inclusiveness?
                        Attachment to Steve and Alex coming from personal experience, people played and they gave Steve and Alex personalities they want. They are icons of Minecraft. Steve was from the beginning he's like a Creeper, then Alex joined. They were in game for a looooong time, of course people got attached to them. Yeah, after some years the same will happen to new skins too, but not now
                        We had Alex and Steve for many years by now, with thousands of fanarts, official products and what not featuring them as the "main characters" of the game. It's obvious that people would be attached to them. I for example also saw them as a sorta "Adam and Eve" of Minecraft, so adding more take it away a little for me. 

I'm sure eventually people will learn to accept them as part of the game. Although there is to say that for new skins, they do look quite cheaply made. Like Alex and Steve are different from one another down to the model (Alex being thinner), so why not give the other more uniqueness?
                            There should be only 2 models.
                            "Cheaply-made"?  I'm curious.  What detail about the skins seems "cheaply-made"?  Because the Steve and Alex skins aren't exactly masterpieces implementing dithering and unique costume or character designs.  The finest detail between the two of them is that Alex has a belt and lines along her pants.  We have other characters here with jewelry, different hairstyles and colors, patterned clothing, etc. and essentially the same face as Steve and Alex.  What is "cheap" about these skins in particular?
                                Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
                                    So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
                        I'm not against them, I'm just curious what Mojang will do to endear us to these new characters.
                            Probably have them silently picking things up, breaking blocks, and looking around with the same blank face.  This isn't freaking HBO, man.
                        You can say it’s racial prejudice if you want, but that doesn’t make you right.
                Oh no, I absolutely agree. I’m saying that I don’t think Mojang did this for internet points, I think they did it out of genuine desire for Minecraft to be more inclusive.
                    Yeah, they’ve been pushing it for a while now. I’ve been reading one of the official novels, and one of the main characters is nonbinary. I’m honestly kinda proud of them.
                        You do know that all mobs are non-binary, right? That includes the player, if player decides
            The outrage is pointless. Java has had custom skins since the beginning. The point of the skin system was for ultimate inclusivity and representation. This is parading nothing as feature for brownie points, and clickbait engagement from racists.
                Wait, so was it to generate positive reactions or to generate negative reactions? You’re flipping back and forth here.
                    No, I'm not. It's engagement bait. It's to get people to fight about inclusivity in the comments and drive up engagement metrics. This comment chain is proving that.
    They can use them in trailers and animations.
Still using steve
    Good for you?
        Yea, good for him.
Being honest I prefer having only Steve and Alex as default skins. Give me more of an "Adam and Eve" vibe. Plus the new ones look just reskins of the 2 of them, which is a shame since Steve and Alex are different from one another (Alex is thinner), so why not do the same with them? Make each skin truly unique.
    The reskinned Steve's and alexes from legacy console have more personality
    Agreed. And no joke, a plump dude as a character should exist too.
    Who are Adam and Eve?
        They are, according to the Bible, the first humans created by God.
            Oh, ok, thanks. Can I ask why Steve and Alex have an Adam and Eve vibe?
                The only 2 humans in existence (since villagers seem like a different species from Homo Sapiens) having to survive in a harsh world, having to construct their own paradise, much like Adam and Eve had to survive on their own after being exiled from Eden's Garden.
    Exactly. Rather than gain internet diversity points, they could have used this to release 7 new character models of various heights/body sizes. Instead of just reskinning the existing characters as different races. It feels lazy to release new skins as a feature, and is another step in mojang’s slow downward spiral…
What did they do with tuxedo steve
why do they look ugly as shit. they all look like shitty fanmade stuff from 2012
    I mean to be fair, so does Steve and Alex. I think they were just trying to stay consistent.
Am I the only one who doesn’t like this modern simplistic art style?
No baldies?
Is it me or do they all look bad?
    Except for Alex and Steve
        I might be the only one that prefers the non goatee steve
    They all have Identical faces
        It’s super irritating having Steve be the only one with a unique face. I mean obviously I wouldn’t want them to change his but also maybe make some of the new ones have his face or a completely unique face (bigger eyes for example). Plus his skin looks way more simple than the rest which also makes it seem awkward and stand out
i hate how none of them are in the sane basic style as steve and alex.
    The one to Steve‘s left is just as basic as Steve and the red haired one two next to Alex is also basic.
Ethnic Minority Update
There is only one default skin, Steve.
    alex is good too
        I like Steve's chunky arms though
I hope there's more to this update than 7 new default skins lmao

Edit: so they're also adding:

* retextured wood
* actual functionality to bookshelves
* two seat horses

Kinda underwhelming that this is all the Minecraft news we got in a 90 minute Minecraft event
    I think it's an overcorrection for 1.19 by holding their cards so close to their chests.
        But then wtf is the point of having an event? They threw a reveal to reveal that they’re not revealing anything
            there are other things like minecraft dungeons and minecraft legends that they showed off for most of the event.
                I don’t mind when they have little sections on that but it was like 80% about those lol. I just tuned out for most of it then switched back on for the later reveals bc frankly I don’t play those games so I’m not going to waste time :/
        Yep!
    this isn't the whole update, theyll announce more throughout the year
        [deleted]
            The point about not revealing an update title means they can make features and if they don't pan out then they don't have to add them and so no one is disappointed. if they announced let's say "the ather update" but then the ather's code doesn't work that well/ isn't very fun they still have to add it as that's what everyone's expecting, set low expectations so people aren't disappointed. I'm pretty sure that's what mojang used to do pre 1.8 anyway so really they're just going back as it's more sustainable
    Camels are pretty different from horses

not to say that it isnt all of 1.20, mojang has said in the last minecraft now, that they dont want to dissapoint 

1.20 betas are only some days away
        Yeah I agree that the few features they've shown are cool additions. Just kinda disappointed that they have all the resource to make a whole new game with gameplay, mobs, graphics, and everything else made from scratch, while the actual Minecraft only got like 3 new features and 2 retextured old features newly announced.

Hope the snapshots don't disappoint.
            No, that’s just what they’ve shown. There’s plenty of other stuff that hasn’t been shown
    The signs are neat.

I was shitposting in a discord that it was a modded ripoff, but they actually put some thought into hanging them from stuff like fence posts. as well as "wider" blocks... and hanging from each other.
    This has been the worst minecraft live of recent years, and that's saying something considering the Wild update
        You're bringing up the Wild Update is exactly the reason they dialed it back a tonne this year
            Well, it's pretty pathetic that a company that has the most popular game in the world, and the full backing of Microsoft, can only put out 4 features after a year of work
                Again, throwing money at the problem wont make things go faster in development. Ya'know seeing as its only been an hour since the show I'm already expecting a tonne more comments like this so, I'm not gonna feel the need to respond more to yours in particular.
                    If money is not the solution then they gotta rethink how they do things. Minecraft is the only large game to put out such a pathetically small amount of content per year.
                    [deleted]
                ??? They’ve got way more than 4, it’s just that only 4 are finished enough to release in a snapshot. Everything else will be revealed slowly, which is much more exciting and something I missed last year when everything was pretty much already announced.
                There are more features. These are just the finished ones. They could be working on a whole magic overhaul but want more working with the community then dictating how it will all work.
                    Then just tell us that and say that it's a work in progress, don't reveal literally nothing at the hour and a half long event dedicated to revealing new features
                        They said there is more coming. The features announced are the ones that are 100% in the game
                    A use for exp other than enchanting yay!
            [deleted]
                Face it, people would have never been happy regardless of their approach. Damned if you do, damned if you don't
    There wasn't sadly
    They havent revealed everything yet due to feedback.
    Imagine spin-off game gets more new mobs than original game that the spin-off based on
I love that they’ve kept the simple style of dress that Steve and Alex have. Very nice designs.
    I presume Alex and Steve are still going to be the "main" characters and the generic chumps are just going to be their for poster variety
        Like how red & yellow M&Ms are most used.
Blind Steve was the best.



_scared nearly 3 generations_
Those guys weren't in a picture of the Launcher?
Corporate artstyle skins.
Still a little dissapointed there's no default skins for us guys with glasses.


I know it's not exactly as important as representing the many different races but it would be nice..
Wow, these really are the definition of useless. Why not at least change the character models to fit body diversity, instead of literally releasing new skins… 

diversity isn’t just a racial thing, and releasing skins as a feature to pander to the woke mob is really useless 🤷‍♂️

They could at least have put some thought in, given us new player models to work with, and allow for some other kinds of diversity.
I think this would have been cooler if they all had come with slightly different player models for more customization and representation in java. 

This is a very lame way of doing it but oh well.
    Especially because they'd just shown the mob creator! I'd actually love the elf ears and different hair shapes that they have in bedrock to be in Java too.
Steve and Alex are the only defaults. Steve being the one true MC.
This is lame they need to be way more different like how Alex has thinner arms
Community: Why don't you fix the game and get rid of chat reporting surveillence

&#x200B;

Mojang:
Why tho?
    [removed]
    More options right at the start I guess for new players
Reject virtue signaling embrace og Steve
I wonder whats the point really since well... People can kinda make their own skins lol.
Steve still solos all
Back in my day we just had variant of Steve and were were happy with what we had
Oh shit Klavier Gavin
So useless when 95% of players have their own skin
[removed]
    Steve is wearing a T-shirt and jeans
        Shirts and pants existed in Medival times
            Not t-shirts and jeans.
                Who said they were jeans?

(Yes I am prepared to argue with you over what some vauge pixels are supposed to be)
Minecraft: The Racism Update
    Minecraft: Sexism update when?
        In 1.69
        How about just the sex update?
I just want to play as only Steve.
    then you can just play as him? no one is forcing you to play as the others?
        Well sometimes when I play it switches to Alex. It’s annoying. I just like playing as Steve, he’s the original.
1. Notch leaves Minecraft

2. ???

3. Minecraft 1.20: the diversity and inclusion update
    Ironic considering Notch himself is the one who started the idea of all characters in Minecraft minus the dragon as genderless.
        [deleted]
            Thank god that would be a fucking nightmare
        Shame he flipped his political lid and became an awful, hateful person.
        That has literally nothing to do with diversity and inclusion: that’s how Minecraft’s breeding system works. There is no irony in that at all.
How come we don't have the Dungeons characters in Java? I think they're very charming.
Wish they had added more different shaped arms legs and torsos and maybe different shaped hat layers
those new skins lack charm
When they gonna add a white dude?
    Alex's skin is intentionally androgynous so it can be seen as a guy or a girl. Hell, it was modeled after Jeb.

And Steve is racially ambiguous. You can easily see him as a white guy. I always did.

And the two new ones one the left can also be easily seen as white guys as well.
        [removed]
            Again, Alex was literally modeled after Jeb.
                than it would be called jeb if it was supposed to be him, its very much supposed to be a femine pick for women
    left side is a white dude and my new favorite lol
    There are 3 already
    Not soon
Welp, pointless. You can do this anyway and with much better customisation. What a waste of time. Mojang needs to step up
    Hey they’re a small indie studio trying their hardest
Why are half of them balding
I am only mad that they didn't take the chance to readd Rana into the game, I want her back man
They look so bland and simple I miss Steve having the dirt on him that made him look like he lived in the world which works really well I know that peoples skins don't have that but it gave a little bit of imersion when you started playing.
    To be fair, these are rendered in the visual style the animations use, which simplify the textures to being pretty much flat colours.
no
Ew why
This was very unnecessary.
    Fact
If this is an inclusivity thing, what about people in wheel chairs?
    Impractical. How are you supposed to have characters climb ladders, ride horses, swim, jump, traverse the nether, climb mountains, explore caves etc in a wheelchair?
    I might be mistaken, but I think sunny has a prosthetic? If so, people with some form of disability are still accounted for.
    That should definitely be accounted for, they already have prosthetics as an option in Bedrock, but I doubt it’s currently possible.
    One looks like they have a prosthetic arm, and wheelchairs would need to be a mod since that’s quite far away from how the current characters work
[deleted]
    And the white guy has the dumbest hat in existence and a prosthetic arm. Steve is still best
    IDK man, Ari and Kai look more androgynous to me than they do feminine, much like Alex.
    Men can’t have long hair? I’d say most of those could really be either gender. Even the names I’m not overly familiar with so idk if they’re unisex names like Taylor or Alex, or if they’re more masc/fem.
[removed]
    As useless as Alex and Steve
        Well, they need a default and Alex added slimmer arms, these are literally just skins. Least they could have done is make some taller, shorter or wider so they're at least different templates like Steve and Alex are.
Some of these skins don't even match up with minecraft that has old style and when i say old i mean the weapons, structures and a lot of magical stuff that are not modern.
And the problem with some of these skins are that the characters have modern clothes which doesn't make sense when the base game is not modern-like.
    bro it is a game where you make armour by magically fusing diamonds together and your upset about them having a funky red jacket?
legacy console already had default skins which were perfectly fine
    yeah, I do like those skins too, but these are primarily here for more representation purposes, which is nice :)
steve the goat
Yawn.  There are literally tens of thousands of skins, maybe more.
I mean I like the idea of one or two more, but 7 is fucking extreme.
Ugly
    no u
Nobody asked, nobody wanted, still we got them.
Well i guess Thanks mojang?

There is still only Space for two! Alex and Steve!
I hate them.
Now I think they should update zombies to randomly appear as zombie versions of any of these characters instead of only Steve.
Was expecting new player models but nope it’s literally just skins. It’s so pointless as you can make your own skin on all platforms now
I think I spot Hypno in there...
Really hoping we see these guys in future trailers.

Imagine you have one showing off a new structure, and it's just the team splitting up and dying one by one, then waiting at home for the rest before showing the big boss of the area and cutting straight to home where everyone's either prepping gear, storage organizing or on an AFK machine.
Glad to see this appears to be being positively received. For a game with as diverse of a reach as Minecraft, having a bit more variety in the default skins is a welcome change IMO.
I still Vibe with Steve 👍🏾
Steve on top
the first one in the picture looks like hypnotizd
This is honestly awesome I love the diversity they are promiting
even though like; a lot of people who already play minecraft a lot arent gonna use these; i think this is nice and cute

also itll be nice to have more variety of characters or just more official characters together in fanart; theres a lot of like steve or alex or steve and alex but now theres more; its cute
Now Alex and Steve have new friends yay!
they should have gone with 4J's default skins.

Adding ***SEVEN*** new default characters is completely useless. So much for inclusivity but they can't even come up with something that isn't an edited Alex copy paste. Their faces is all the damn same. They lack charm. Steve has been the face of the game since day one, and in slightly more recent times, Alex as well, but who's gonna look at these and say "that's Efe from Minecraft!"? They have the same face and the only important head diferences are hair and skin tone, *which were freely editable in Bedrock's skin editor.*

basically yes they should just bring 4J's default skins here because everyone liked those skins, they were still Steve and Alex, just variations of them. They should have went along with that here.
Problems solved! Thank you Minecraft for helping society along. Couldn't have done it without you. What a breakthrough idea!!! And you announced it so loudly and congratulated yourself so proudly!


This is the kind of thing they should have just done without announcing it, without patronizing everyone in congratulating themselves, and moved on.

It's ok to have a single main character, but once they introduced the character editor they should have made that the first step and not have a main character by default. That's where they failed. This should have never been a thing.

It's not like anyone had an attachment to Steve. You never see Steve, really. When you play multiplayer you don't think everyone else is Steve the same as I am not Steve when playing. 

I think most of us would have rather they had dumped the default player thing all together and spent the energy on a new block.
All these default skins and I'd still only use steve
They could've added a proper skin editor built into the launcher but they choose to add the most bland skins possible
Even if they’re pointless as skins, you gotta admit it will be fun having more characters in the trailers, for like telling short stories with the trailers and stuff.
Minecraft finally adds black people to the base game, awesome. 🙌🏾
LUIGI?
i love these so much! especially makena (the black girl with the yellow shirt)
Now each skin comes with 7 colors
Nope. Don't like it. Not necessary. If someone wants a different skin they just make or get their own off the web.

Call me a traditionalist but I don't even really like Alex; Steve is the OG
Steve forever
I don't like this.
I think that this entirely pointless because you can literally make any skin you want especially on bedrock or just find one what has been made by someone else
Too much fr
i dont see the point in this, no one will ever truly see minecraft outside of the creeper, the steve, and alex. also, we have a skin editor that can make any skin tone and any color of hair. it’s unnecessary
Okay but why?
I hope the actual skins have a little more variation to them and aren't just “every colour that is called the same will also be the same shade”, but given that Steve and Alex are also simplified in this graphic I'm quite sure that they'll be ok.
I’ll be honest I’m not thrilled with them. The original Steve skin is disheveled and simple, like someone who’s been lost in the wilderness for a while. The new default characters’ clothes are way too well put together, with the exception of maybe the person all the way on the left. Back when they released Alex I felt the same way, like it just doesn’t fit the original vibe of the game.
Nothing beats Steve and Alex
as a bald man, I don't feel represented by this at all.
Why tho? What’s the point?
I’m pretty sure one was enough tbh.
Hate to say it, but this is the kinda useless part of the update. Like, I get the sentiment, but it's not really doing much past giving more options for people who don't care enough to make a skin. If you like this part, good on you, you like what you like, but I don't really see much point in it tbh
I feel like if they were gonna go through with the trouble of adding diversity into the game, they should just add some kind of built-in skin creator. These skins are great but there's so much missing in the diversity department here that this is bound to offend many people even if most people can just use their own custom skins anyways.
    No. The skins should be a placeholder, I like painting my own.
        You can still do that.
Deez Nuts
Lest goooooo, they finally added Tyrone
They all feel naturally 'Minecraft' without reminding me TOO much of the TelTale game
Good! I can't see why this would upset anyone. It's just some skins, having the only two characters being Steve and Alex was boring.
    It makes the two characters less iconic, now they need to share it with 7 new skins that look like shit. I get that it is boring and i would agree if you couldn’t just change skins which most people do.
        It doesn't make steve and alex any less iconic, that's like saying having the ability to change your skin makes them less iconic. It's more options, that didn't take any production time away from the game, and harms nobody. You can just ignore it, or choose to use it.
            It will make them less iconic because they will be getting less attention out of the default skins.
            >It doesn't make steve and alex any less iconic

it will when they get pushed to the side so the new skins can take all the spotlight, unless of course they need a character to suffer in which case send out whity to deal with it
    It's not even like they can complain that it split the development team's resources.  It's literally just several skins applied over the old player model and animations.  It was the least they could do to have an enormous impact by being more inclusive, not only to new players, but in their promotional material.

I can't see any reason other than blind hate to see this as anything other than a prudent gesture.
        “Enormous impact” lmfao
        I know, it's really disappointing to see people that are actually upset over this.
is that hypno?
Only 3 dudes?
Why is Steve scratching his ass
Idk, they look too clean, too smooth
    I think it may just be the style they use for animations (at least I'm hoping). They'll likely have the same texturing/shading as Alex and Steve do in-game
I'm hoping they have similar texturing/shading done as Steve and Alex in-game. I never liked how flat and clean this style is
Today is a sad day.
I dont like this. I just meed steve and alex.
I hate them ngl they will never replace you Steve!!!!!
I must say I hate them all
I still don't get why this is a thing, I'd understand if we get different dimensions like how Alex's arms are more slender than steve's, but everyone I know who plays have either, made their own, downloaded a skin from the internet, bought skin packs from the market place, use the free skins available in market place skin packs or made their own with the character creation tool where you combine unlocked items. These are just retextured steve and alex skins.

Now I have learned the theme for the next update going to be self expression, if that were the case it would have made more sense to give us the option to hide armor so that it doesn't cover our Avatars or give us the ability to customize armor as if they're a third layer to the skins
Why so many girl defaults? Most of the playerbase is male yet out of nine there are 6!
Why are their foreheads so big tho
You know what we should do with this perfectly good system for creating skins? Make a bunch of new default ones that no one asked for.
Im 100% getting the skin next to alex.
But... Why?
This made me want to get back into playing again
Incoming neckbeards saying "thEY mADe mINEcRaFT woKE anD politICal!!"
    [deleted]
        political is when woman
Whats the point, noone exept batshit insane liberals cared about this
    You cared enough to make a comment
WAT?
Ew
Why they add the Bill Cosby default skin?
Please don't. Just don't.... no.
ITT: grown adults mad
Anyone who genuinely has a problem with this is probably racist, it’s a skin bro use a different one and cry about it somewhere else
    It’s the fact these skins are being packaged along as a feature in an update… no changes to character models, no changes to anything worthwhile, just a way for mojang to pat themselves in the back and claim they are diverse and inclusive…
also the new alex and steve skins
They added Luigi
If there’s more than 2 skins it’s a skin pack
WilED UptATE MoRE LIke THhe w0k3 uPdaTe!
[removed]
    Speak for yourself.
    What’s ugly about them?
Man I am absolutely loving the design for the black girl 3rd from the left! The hairstyle, the outfit it's all so beautiful.
susiety 😔😔😔😔
No no that’s the mustache to the goatee
    Idk why they don’t just make the moustache bit the same colour as the beard. Would make it more obvious that it’s meant to be facial hair
        there’s a thing with facial hair where some patches can be different colors than others.

i’ve got a brunette-ish beard and my mustache is mostly blond
            While this is true, it’s probably not a good idea for them to go for something unusual when you’ve only got 16x16 pixels to convey a face with easily recognisable features
        My beard gets lighter the closer you get to my Stache cause the hair goes from black to brown to red to dirty blonde. Having different colored facial hair is cool though
    I don't care it's a nose and no one can tell me otherwise
Is it a nose or facial hair? I have to know
    Why not nose hair?
And the only one with a smile :•]
    THATS MUSTACHE
i cant unsee this now, game literally unplayable.
Tuxedo Steve gang
    Yes
        DUTCH! IM DRIPPIN DUTCH
    nice pfp
        Your pfp too 🗿
            Same with yours 🔋
                Good evening gentlemen. Were looking pretty sharp
    Giga chad
    tuxedo creeper gang
Tennis steve is pretty epic too
    tennis steve best character, the only skin i ever used when i played on ps3 edition. it was great
    tennis steve superiority
Scottish Steve
    Scottish Steve superiority
Prisoner Steve.
Formal cave spider is a classic
    Formal cave spider gang
Yes

The Xbox 360/ps3 skins were so good
Developer Steve Superiority
nah "athlete steve" was the best
    He got removed because it was "racist" , big sad moment right there
I liked playing hunger games with friends as a tuxedo squad
    I liked playing the battle mini game with the wither skull squad. good times...
Chad
All is inferior to Biker Steve
[removed]
    # wait hes gone?!
Prison Steve gang ftw
what, pls elaborate
    steve in a tuxedo is better. It was a classic skin
True
That was my skin for *years* then a tuxedo creeper from the marketplace
tuxedo steve is an absolute lad
fungus creature >
Everyone saying Steve variations, what about zombie? (I play Super Smash Bros.)
    The zombie is a mob (enemy), amongst other enemies like skeletons, spiders and creepers. However steve is the player and has many skins, some are versions of steve some arent, such as tuxedo steve, the undisputed best skin
developer steve best
This is the most groundbreaking update since they had a full update about bees
    Well it was more or a bug fixing update that just happened to also come with bees.
        I remember when they were calling it "The Bees and Bugs Update" but then they changed the name for some reason :( it was a good pun
        TBH, they did fix some bugs, but they also added some, too.
Mojang really puts alot of effort into the new Updates.../s
    Other new features include:

Not reusing the horse code we swear. 

Some bamboo blocks that should’ve been added years ago.

Signs being more like signs. 

Functional bookshelves finally.

A boat but we aren’t just calling it a boat it’s a raft. Just like how we added a boss but refuse to call it a boss.

/s
        Its not the whole thing, these are just the 99% ready, 100% confirmed features.
            Yes there will probably be a few more things announced later on, but little was announced during Minecon Live. You know the big event for Minecraft every year that’s had much larger updates announced at. So it’s just a tad funny to point out how little was announced from a major game studio regarding their main game
                The point was to avoid building up expectations by leaving out things that are still subject to change and then getting burnt out trying to meet them if they decide said feature needs more stuff to make it better (see the original deep dark and then the current versions differences after they delayed it to improve the concept)
                    The update is coming out in 2023, people are gonna be burnt out regardless. It was a mistake to announce that they were releasing snapshots soon. Instead they should’ve said snapshots were coming sometime in the new year. It is yet another thing that could’ve be avoided but this is Mojang
                        I believe the snapshots are of the 90% finished content like the camels and bamboo then as things develop the snapshots will have more things added, they’ve clearly got some sort of plan. We just need to wait and see.
        Don’t forget adding in a single mob, when three is definitely within their ability.
    r/fucktheS
Italian representation
I call him discount Luigi
I think he looks like that one friend of the main character in Minecraft Story Mode
[According to minecraft.net](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/minecraft-live-2022-the-recap), their names are  
> From Left to Right: Sunny, Kai, Makena, Steve, Alex, Zuri, Efe, Ari, and Noor

Copied from someone else in this subreddit. Credits to them.
    I love how it’s all pretty unique names and then it’s just **steve**
        Tbf, that's a pretty common white name. Or Geoff or Robert.
            Weird how I have never heard of the name Geoff. Robert, sure, but Geoff?
                It's another way to spell Jeff, so I'd assume you've heard that name before
                    Ah, gotcha
        Out of 10 million people in Sweden only 800 are called Steve, I would say its pretty unique. But how do you know that the other names aren't common in their own regions?
    These new names are actually sick can’t wait for the fanart
        Names are sick as fuck, they really went all out in naming them. I can't wait for the promotional shit with them. Thatll be super cool.
        [removed]
            ...

You know what, it's the internet, go crazy.
            I’m getting the Cease and Desist Order.
    SUNNY? OMORI CAME TO MOTHERFUCKING MINECRAFT??
    They are gonna be OP when they also come to smash bros
    From a Swedish company I expected at least 1 representative.. 😂
    SUNNY?!?!!?! >!*falls off a hospital*!<
    new names are sick, not a huge fan of the name efe but that's just a personal thing
    To be honest I like the names more then the skins, mostly because, how will they work? Like, if you have bought minecraft, you already have the opportunity to choose a skin of your liking. Are they for when you play in offline mode and your skin is not visualized?
    S-sunny? 
Omori fans beware
    Sunny is cool
Why not give em names?
    The one on the left is definitely named Mike. That's indisputable
        Waltuh
            You aren't suposse to put the fork in the microwave, waltuh.
                I am the one who cooks the microwave meals
            Put your DS away Waltuh, you’re jamming navigation systems Waltuh.
        Kid named finger? 😳😳🥺
        Far right is Michael.
        I just looked again and, oh my god you're absolutely right
Second in from the outer right, I shall call them Soup.
Not yet
Who cares to remember their names?  Of course, we are going to see them a lot in the servers.  So I think it will happen automatically
    I do.
The blonde one is Stacy, can't argue on that
    It's a he, named Kai.
        How'd you know? Are their gender/pronouns stated anywhere? Those name all are pretty gender neutral
        Arms don't inherently mean it's a guy.

TBH, Kai strikes me as having been deliberately made ambiguous in gender (kinda like how Alex was at least initially meant to be) or possibly even outright nonbinary, what with the androgynous appearance and the gender-neutral name.
        Oh, hmm, where you got that i really want to see the list of the names. Also he still looks like a Starbucks Stacy.
Bruh wtf that’s my name irl. They added me in Minecraft
    Hello Sunnykaimakenastevealexzuriarinoor!
        Any relation to Sarahkayacomesin?
            wenomechaindasuma
                I was actually thinking that before I saw your reply💀
                tumajarbisaun
        Haha
        “But my fiends just call me Jeremy”
        You missed efe
    One of their names Is also very similiar to mine, cool.
Nice, I got a friend (actually a few, common name in Turkey) called Efe
Are these counties, religions or race   specific or random names?
    Noor is apparently an Arabic unisex name that translates to “light”, which is sick as fuck.
        I'm an Indian Muslim living in the UAE so I can confirm this. There are many variations of the name too. From what I've seen, it's mainly females that are named 'Noor' or 'Noora'. For males, you will find quite a few named 'Noor', but there's a lot more named 'Nooruddin' (light of the religion) or 'Noorullah' (light of God).
    I think they are random names from places that aren’t Britain and Greece. To balance out the British steve and greco-roman Alex. Because a lot of people live in places where English and Greek haven’t had such an influence as in Sweden or America.
where is tyrone
Ew
    Why?
tuxedo steve is miles better
    Everyone remembers thug Steve though.
        Minority Steve
        HIS NAME IS ATHLETE STEVE
Oh the times
Omg fr.. when I was a kid literally the whole lobby was just Steve 😭
Ok grandpa, let's get you to bet.
    Really? After we *just* cured his gambling addiction?
It was not about skins, it’s about no matter who you are, across nations and generations, we will all play as the same character, one of the most iconic protagonists in video games, it is a common memory among the whole generation across the globe.
    Unless you want to play a female character "for some reason".  Seriously, who would want that?  When we can all just be the same white guy!  Solidarity!  /s

Also: "This is clearly why character creation was made and became popular. Because everybody just wants to have the same exact experience!"
        In what world is Steve white?

He was made to be racially ambiguous.
Rana was there too.
That was peak patriarchy tbh, miss the good old days 😔
I feel the same way, but I think that's mostly since we've had Steve for 13 years, and Alex for 8 years, so we have had a long time to get used to them.
probably because they're new, I remember when Alex came out it took a bit for people to get used to the name + skin
I think it's because they are way more detailed than steve and alex, the style difference feels jarring.

EDIT: for example, at least in my opinion, the second to last skin seems way less detailed and fits way better as a default skin along side steve and alex
    GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD


haha standing here I realize funny haha
They look like someone can get used to them, the style doesnt seem very different to me
good thing they gave steve the ~~smile~~ beard back
It’s not just for playing. It’s also for the animated bits they do when announcing new things. Where you’d normally see Steve or Alex, these new people will show up instead, sometimes. I imagine there will be merchandise, too.
    This comment. It's about everything. Sure you can get skins in game real easy but merch has constantly been Steve and Alex. So adding more will diversify it. It's a good thing.
        They also said that the intent is not to completely replace skins , just that until you find the skin you like, ull have something that represents you
        They should def give their faces some distinction
            They probably have distinctive characteristics when in game, we only saw them really briefly
                I hope these are prototypes
        Having one universal Steve was truly inclusive.
            Why are all of them girls???
        I’ve opened about a dozen LEGO sets recently and you should see how many Steves I have! Time for some other default characters to shine so it’s not all samey.
    >	I imagine there will be merchandise, too.

“Minority groups aren’t buying enough minecraft merch. What should we do? Do you know, Tiny Jens?”
        If a little kid sees one of the new default skins on a tshirt or a lunchbox, and that makes him or her feel good about seeing someone who looks like them in a franchise that they adore, I’m all for it.
            Prayers for little square kid🙏🙏
            All for the cool low price of $79.99 ^(plus shipping and handling)

This is nothing more than commercialized tokenization. It shouldn’t be applauded.
                Yeah, it’s commercialized. It’s a product. That’s what products are. That doesn’t mean they shouldn’t make it an inclusive product, and that doesn’t make it tokenization, either. There is nothing to see here.
                    They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. That’s textbook tokenization. Exploiting underprivileged markets desperate for representation by releasing cheap shit like this
                        >	They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. 

There is absolutely no evidence supporting that. It’s literally just a thing you’ve said. That doesn’t make it so.
                It's representation and should be applauded.  Don't try to gaslight us.  A lot of Minecraft players utilize that thing between their ears to get a leg up in the game, so don't underestimate our critical thinking skills.

I'll be happy for all the young colored children who might discover a new favorite skin among the new defaults.  You can go back and stew in your own inadequacy and self-loathing back under that rock you crawled out from under.
    But haven't there been other skins used ( I think some of them being here) in animations before? Nothing is really stopping them from using different skins in animations, which just leaves merchandise. So, essentially, this update is an ad for microjang's new buyable merch and nothing to actually improve the game. No thanks.
Bedrock's character creator doesn't solve it for Java Edition players.  


Edit: Love how I wanted to address that the character creator is not on Java Edition and people have chosen to believe that I'm addressing something else entirely.
    Download a skin then.
        these are probably for children who are just starting the game and don’t know how to do that yet. I don’t see why anyone would have a problem with this.
            Yes noobs will get more options, that's what I'm saying
            Exactly. Having a built-in skin switcher for these is very good for children or the non-technologically-inclined.
            Back in my kiddo days I was able to crack games easily, kids these days can't even download a skin?

weakness disgusts me
            They wanna be combative assholes for the sake of being combative assholes. Either that or they're just racists genuinely being triggered that Mojag dares to acknowledge that POC exist.
                I’m not even white. Go outside and touch some grass.
                    When exactly did I say you were?
                        < being triggered that Mojang dares to acknowledge that POC exist


Heavy implications. Or maybe you’re just too busy being a prick online.
            If you’re a kid you’re most likely on bedrock.
                I got started on java when I was a kid. if one person finds these skins useful then they’ve served their purpose. if you don’t need them, don’t use them. makes no difference to your experience of the game.
                    Okay, but most kids play on bedrock, where skin choice is severely limited.
                Well, considering that Java is only on PC And Bedrock is LİTERALLY EVERY OTHER VERSİON yeah
        Why not add new defaults? It has no negative impact on anything whatsoever
        ye, like the new default skins
    Skins exist, but they are a pain to download
    You can literally upload any skin you want for Java. Literally any skin. For free. It's been this way for ten years. This is Twitter bait.
        [deleted]
            I don't think there are many schools using java edition for teaching.
            Ok random tangent but the fact that kids are so invested in tech and yet have so little knowledge of data storage and system functions is sad
            when I started playing minecraft ten years ago I managed to upload my own skin. I think modern kids can figure it out. You dont even have to download anything. there's an import skin button on most skin sites now.
                What is the downside of adding new default skins? Also the new skins will not just be in the game, it will be part of advertising and merch.
                    I never said there was one. What I am saying is that this is a "feature" to "add representation" when the game already supported 100% custom skins. This is a nothing burger being served and people are convinced it has meat on it.
                        The new skins are not just for in the game, they said the new skins will be used in things like the trailer.
                            Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
        This is literally just extra content. Just a few more options. An easy addition. How are you making this an issue?
        Kids (noobs) can't do that
    We have paint and dozens of online tools that can generate the texture map though?
Pretty sure this is so they can use the skins in marketing and provide new default skins to Java edition
I guess it's targeted more towards children who want options but also aren't old enough to use a skin editor
    You underestimate the number of adults who just want to play the game.

The vast majority of gamers don't want to use mods.
        Custom skins do aren't a mid though.
        That's just factually not true. That vast majority of players have a non deafult skin
Also for putting more diversity in their trailers and game updates.
A large amount of people just use the default skins. It's nice if there is  some diversity and this was an easy fix. So why not?
They're mostly for two things

1. so they can use them in trailers/marketing

2. so new players who don't know/care about custom skins can just select one of the options
Representation matters. The two default skins currently available - representing Caucasian people - only cover ~6% of the world's population. Adding these other default characters - which will no doubt also appear in animated shorts, game banners, merchandise, etc, indicates to people that aren't in that ~6% of the population that happen to be Caucasian that they are welcome too.
    Steve’s case is pretty debatable.
    I mean, Steve looks like he could represent almost anyone, but that's besides the point
        Steve could not physically represent somebody like Lebron James, which is exactly the point.

Tanner-skinned Caucasian male =/= basically virtually representation for everybody
    Dang had no idea that 
A. Steve is Caucasian
B. POC felt they weren't welcome in the best selling game of all time. Guess only white people bought it

I'm all for the skins this reasoning is just silly
    This is just straight information here.  People downvoting are abusing the function.  For bigotry, I might add.

A few skins in this update really brought out the worst sorts of people in the community.
        Go and complain on twitter, kid. If you see a bigotry in downvoting false information, then it's only your problem
            I'm not on Twitter.  What right-wing propaganda machine did you pick that up from, I wonder.
Agree, Steve has jeans and a light blue t-shirt, which aren't too specific. I also like their design.
steve legion rise up
I think it’s an artificial arm. Like a prosthetic.
even after all these years my skin on bedrock is tuxedo steve
They mentioned that some people can’t when they first start the game
    Character creator in bedrock already has all the skin tones doesn't it? And java skin apps are free
        Skin things free, but you have to keep in mind a lot of players are really young and have no clue how to download different skins
Not everyone is a decent pixel artist.
    Would have made more sense to just make a character creator
        They already made one.
            Ah well someone should tell them that
                I really don’t think this is that big a deal, just give people multiple options.
                    I’m only against it in the sense that it was a waste of time, and was most likely pushed by microsoft as a way to sell more merch. If there’s a character creator then this is otherwise pointless

Edit: not sure how you got your feelings hurt enough to block me but it’s pretty pathetic. Especially when you’re trying to take some highroad about how nobody can have opinions but you. Kinda dumb but you do you chief
                        If it’s such a waste of time, then don’t add to it. You’re not critiquing it, this is hardly even a new feature, you’re just being negative because it happened.
Ok? But they’re going to appear in trailers as well. It’s nice to see people like you in a game, it makes it clear that you’re welcome. At the very least this change will not harm you in any way. It’s purely benign
They did it for internet points.
    Or you know, they just did it because "why not?".  The face of Minecraft has only been Steve and Alex up until now, but now, this whole group of characters can be used to present new updates and such.  It'll add more variety.  And they could even apply different archetypes to different characters.  Maybe the bandana guy will be a fisherman who highlights aquatic updates.  Or maybe one of the new female characters is an adventurer that highlights new ruin updates.

I really don't see how anybody could be interpreting this news as negative.  Creating skins and naming them isn't a distraction from substantial updates and they've made it clear that 1.20 will be a lot more than default skins.
        [removed]
            Yes.  It's to market to a more inclusive audience.  The biggest change aside from giving new players more options right off the bat is to include these characters in promotional content.  It'd be insanely dumb of them to walk out these new characters and still market purely with Steve and Alex.  It's not a mind-bender, man.

Edit: I'm going to respond to /u/Hunter20107, who responded to me in this comment, instead of replying because they blocked me out of fear of a strong, rational counter-argument, so here goes:

>While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself,

You're literally arguing that if somebody doesn't feel represented by the two Caucasian default skins, they should have to put in the extra effort to download or make a custom avatar... And you're arguing this **AFTER** Mojang has already announced that they've designed 7 new default skins.

What the hell even is your argument?  De facto segregation between custom skins and defaults?  What is this "exclusivity" bullshit?  You mean, they become less rare and more commonly seen?  That's called inclusion!
                ? I'm sorry, I don't understand your first paragraph, I replied to your comment like I would any post? I'm using the mobile app so not sure if it appeared differently but I have no idea what you're on about here, also I haven't blocked you fyi

Tbf I consider Steve to be somewhat tanned but sure fair point, though I didn't realise that it was so much effort to use a search engine for minecraft skins on java, or use the skin creator for bedrock. If any other version isn't so accessible to skins, then my apologies I wasn't aware,  though I'd argue they need a better way for user skin creation instead of using that time making skins, however java and bedrock hold the majority of minecraft users and custom skins are rather easily accessible there (I'm not as familiar with bedrock, but again, would rather improve it's skin creator tool for better user creation). 

I meant to say that trying to add more skins to include everyone only leads to more people wanting to be included, as each individual skin doesn't represent as broadly a group as it once did. While honourable in ideal, it means mojang spends more of their time making skins that people will probably ditch for their own custom one anyway, than making useful or interesting features and changes, which is more to the core of my argument. Just have one skin to represent everyone, some people won't care, those that do can put in the effort to find a skin someone else has made, and if they wanted something more specific, they'd feel the same way for these new skins anyway. If you really care about what that one skin looks like though, make it some random colour on the colour wheel, it don't matter.

You're making it seem as if getting a skin to represent you is so difficult when for the majority of players, it isn't, and if it is, Mojang should be spending their time improving skin customisation for those versions instead of making skins. If you wanted merch, I'm sure some of these skins have been in previous animations, and the rest are great additions for future ones, so still good merch opportunities. I just don't want them wasting time on skins when it could be better used elsewhere, like improving skin creation tools/implementation.

Irregardless, the reality is that these skins are apart of the update, so I hope the people that don't use custom skins enjoy them, but I don't want this to be a sign that mojang will start spending time working on new and 'cool' skins for future updates instead of features or bugfixes.
                While I feel the concept is of good intentions, I feel, counterintuitively that adding more skins to be 'more inclusive' will just make the skins by themselves less inclusive. Originally it was just Steve and anybody was Steve, didn't really matter. Then Alex came along to essentially ascribe gender, and now we have a host of ethnicities, so Steve gos from being everyone to Steve being only Tanned skinned Males. Which I guess is fine if your ethnicity got added here, but now what about the groups that didn't get added, are they now not included? The attempt to add more inclusivity by adding more specific skins only increases the skin's exclusivity for those that do not have these more specific traits.

 While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself, often with better and more fitting results? Maybe easy skin creation isn't available on all versions, but that sounds like the problem is with the lack of customisation for specific platforms (they are supposed to be fixing parity after all) and not that the game needs more default skins

Let's be real here though, this isn't for making the audience feel more inclusive but to sell more merch for Microjang.
            Rude.
        It’s not really that great of a positive. I think that having more default skins might be a good thing for actual gameplay, but as for advertising, variety and representation aren’t what matters. If you want to be technical, few people actually are “represented” by Steve and Alex anyway. They have the rarer two eye colors. Alex has red hair, which is pretty rare. And seeing the differences in their skin tones, I wouldn’t exactly say Steve is Caucasian. I’ve never really thought of him like that. 
The thing is, Steve and Alex are classical figures that connect people to Minecraft. They are iconic for the game. They have sentiment behind them. These new characters don’t add anything to Minecraft. They’re just there to be a couple different skin and hair colors. (And honestly, if this is about representation, seems like they’re missing some people.) Steve and Alex are their own characters that represent a game. 
I don’t have an objection to adding more default skins, but as far as advertising Minecraft goes, we don’t need more characters, because the game isn’t about diversity.
    Really? Because I’ve also seen a lot of outrage.
        Only from disgusting racists.  Who the hell cares of they add a few default skins to the game?  I'll keep using my custom one and if new players have a wider selection of defaults while becoming familiar with the game, what could possibly be wrong with that?
            I think it's that we have no attachment to these new characters, like we do Steve and Alex.
                Seriously, what attachment?  What personality do they have?  They're literally tabula rasas, stand-ins for an unknown player.  How can several other blank templates, but just with a few different skin tones, diminish what Steve and Alex are currently?

I'm just gonna straight-up say it.  Anybody who has a problem with these new default skins has racial prejudices.  And if they insist that they don't, they've got some introspection to do to come to terms with who they want to be going forward; Somebody who gets their jimmies rustled by new players having the opportunity to pick avatars more like themselves that are explicitly supported by the publisher and devs or somebody who can be happy about a low-effort update that welcomes inclusiveness?
                    Attachment to Steve and Alex coming from personal experience, people played and they gave Steve and Alex personalities they want. They are icons of Minecraft. Steve was from the beginning he's like a Creeper, then Alex joined. They were in game for a looooong time, of course people got attached to them. Yeah, after some years the same will happen to new skins too, but not now
                    We had Alex and Steve for many years by now, with thousands of fanarts, official products and what not featuring them as the "main characters" of the game. It's obvious that people would be attached to them. I for example also saw them as a sorta "Adam and Eve" of Minecraft, so adding more take it away a little for me. 

I'm sure eventually people will learn to accept them as part of the game. Although there is to say that for new skins, they do look quite cheaply made. Like Alex and Steve are different from one another down to the model (Alex being thinner), so why not give the other more uniqueness?
                        There should be only 2 models.
                        "Cheaply-made"?  I'm curious.  What detail about the skins seems "cheaply-made"?  Because the Steve and Alex skins aren't exactly masterpieces implementing dithering and unique costume or character designs.  The finest detail between the two of them is that Alex has a belt and lines along her pants.  We have other characters here with jewelry, different hairstyles and colors, patterned clothing, etc. and essentially the same face as Steve and Alex.  What is "cheap" about these skins in particular?
                            Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
                                So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
                    I'm not against them, I'm just curious what Mojang will do to endear us to these new characters.
                        Probably have them silently picking things up, breaking blocks, and looking around with the same blank face.  This isn't freaking HBO, man.
                    You can say it’s racial prejudice if you want, but that doesn’t make you right.
            Oh no, I absolutely agree. I’m saying that I don’t think Mojang did this for internet points, I think they did it out of genuine desire for Minecraft to be more inclusive.
                Yeah, they’ve been pushing it for a while now. I’ve been reading one of the official novels, and one of the main characters is nonbinary. I’m honestly kinda proud of them.
                    You do know that all mobs are non-binary, right? That includes the player, if player decides
        The outrage is pointless. Java has had custom skins since the beginning. The point of the skin system was for ultimate inclusivity and representation. This is parading nothing as feature for brownie points, and clickbait engagement from racists.
            Wait, so was it to generate positive reactions or to generate negative reactions? You’re flipping back and forth here.
                No, I'm not. It's engagement bait. It's to get people to fight about inclusivity in the comments and drive up engagement metrics. This comment chain is proving that.
They can use them in trailers and animations.
Good for you?
    Yea, good for him.
The reskinned Steve's and alexes from legacy console have more personality
Agreed. And no joke, a plump dude as a character should exist too.
Who are Adam and Eve?
    They are, according to the Bible, the first humans created by God.
        Oh, ok, thanks. Can I ask why Steve and Alex have an Adam and Eve vibe?
            The only 2 humans in existence (since villagers seem like a different species from Homo Sapiens) having to survive in a harsh world, having to construct their own paradise, much like Adam and Eve had to survive on their own after being exiled from Eden's Garden.
Exactly. Rather than gain internet diversity points, they could have used this to release 7 new character models of various heights/body sizes. Instead of just reskinning the existing characters as different races. It feels lazy to release new skins as a feature, and is another step in mojang’s slow downward spiral…
I mean to be fair, so does Steve and Alex. I think they were just trying to stay consistent.
Except for Alex and Steve
    I might be the only one that prefers the non goatee steve
They all have Identical faces
    It’s super irritating having Steve be the only one with a unique face. I mean obviously I wouldn’t want them to change his but also maybe make some of the new ones have his face or a completely unique face (bigger eyes for example). Plus his skin looks way more simple than the rest which also makes it seem awkward and stand out
The one to Steve‘s left is just as basic as Steve and the red haired one two next to Alex is also basic.
alex is good too
    I like Steve's chunky arms though
I think it's an overcorrection for 1.19 by holding their cards so close to their chests.
    But then wtf is the point of having an event? They threw a reveal to reveal that they’re not revealing anything
        there are other things like minecraft dungeons and minecraft legends that they showed off for most of the event.
            I don’t mind when they have little sections on that but it was like 80% about those lol. I just tuned out for most of it then switched back on for the later reveals bc frankly I don’t play those games so I’m not going to waste time :/
    Yep!
this isn't the whole update, theyll announce more throughout the year
    [deleted]
        The point about not revealing an update title means they can make features and if they don't pan out then they don't have to add them and so no one is disappointed. if they announced let's say "the ather update" but then the ather's code doesn't work that well/ isn't very fun they still have to add it as that's what everyone's expecting, set low expectations so people aren't disappointed. I'm pretty sure that's what mojang used to do pre 1.8 anyway so really they're just going back as it's more sustainable
Camels are pretty different from horses

not to say that it isnt all of 1.20, mojang has said in the last minecraft now, that they dont want to dissapoint 

1.20 betas are only some days away
    Yeah I agree that the few features they've shown are cool additions. Just kinda disappointed that they have all the resource to make a whole new game with gameplay, mobs, graphics, and everything else made from scratch, while the actual Minecraft only got like 3 new features and 2 retextured old features newly announced.

Hope the snapshots don't disappoint.
        No, that’s just what they’ve shown. There’s plenty of other stuff that hasn’t been shown
The signs are neat.

I was shitposting in a discord that it was a modded ripoff, but they actually put some thought into hanging them from stuff like fence posts. as well as "wider" blocks... and hanging from each other.
This has been the worst minecraft live of recent years, and that's saying something considering the Wild update
    You're bringing up the Wild Update is exactly the reason they dialed it back a tonne this year
        Well, it's pretty pathetic that a company that has the most popular game in the world, and the full backing of Microsoft, can only put out 4 features after a year of work
            Again, throwing money at the problem wont make things go faster in development. Ya'know seeing as its only been an hour since the show I'm already expecting a tonne more comments like this so, I'm not gonna feel the need to respond more to yours in particular.
                If money is not the solution then they gotta rethink how they do things. Minecraft is the only large game to put out such a pathetically small amount of content per year.
                [deleted]
            ??? They’ve got way more than 4, it’s just that only 4 are finished enough to release in a snapshot. Everything else will be revealed slowly, which is much more exciting and something I missed last year when everything was pretty much already announced.
            There are more features. These are just the finished ones. They could be working on a whole magic overhaul but want more working with the community then dictating how it will all work.
                Then just tell us that and say that it's a work in progress, don't reveal literally nothing at the hour and a half long event dedicated to revealing new features
                    They said there is more coming. The features announced are the ones that are 100% in the game
                A use for exp other than enchanting yay!
        [deleted]
            Face it, people would have never been happy regardless of their approach. Damned if you do, damned if you don't
There wasn't sadly
They havent revealed everything yet due to feedback.
Imagine spin-off game gets more new mobs than original game that the spin-off based on
I presume Alex and Steve are still going to be the "main" characters and the generic chumps are just going to be their for poster variety
    Like how red & yellow M&Ms are most used.
Especially because they'd just shown the mob creator! I'd actually love the elf ears and different hair shapes that they have in bedrock to be in Java too.
[removed]
More options right at the start I guess for new players
Steve is wearing a T-shirt and jeans
    Shirts and pants existed in Medival times
        Not t-shirts and jeans.
            Who said they were jeans?

(Yes I am prepared to argue with you over what some vauge pixels are supposed to be)
Minecraft: Sexism update when?
    In 1.69
    How about just the sex update?
then you can just play as him? no one is forcing you to play as the others?
    Well sometimes when I play it switches to Alex. It’s annoying. I just like playing as Steve, he’s the original.
Ironic considering Notch himself is the one who started the idea of all characters in Minecraft minus the dragon as genderless.
    [deleted]
        Thank god that would be a fucking nightmare
    Shame he flipped his political lid and became an awful, hateful person.
    That has literally nothing to do with diversity and inclusion: that’s how Minecraft’s breeding system works. There is no irony in that at all.
Alex's skin is intentionally androgynous so it can be seen as a guy or a girl. Hell, it was modeled after Jeb.

And Steve is racially ambiguous. You can easily see him as a white guy. I always did.

And the two new ones one the left can also be easily seen as white guys as well.
    [removed]
        Again, Alex was literally modeled after Jeb.
            than it would be called jeb if it was supposed to be him, its very much supposed to be a femine pick for women
left side is a white dude and my new favorite lol
There are 3 already
Not soon
Hey they’re a small indie studio trying their hardest
To be fair, these are rendered in the visual style the animations use, which simplify the textures to being pretty much flat colours.
Fact
Impractical. How are you supposed to have characters climb ladders, ride horses, swim, jump, traverse the nether, climb mountains, explore caves etc in a wheelchair?
I might be mistaken, but I think sunny has a prosthetic? If so, people with some form of disability are still accounted for.
That should definitely be accounted for, they already have prosthetics as an option in Bedrock, but I doubt it’s currently possible.
One looks like they have a prosthetic arm, and wheelchairs would need to be a mod since that’s quite far away from how the current characters work
And the white guy has the dumbest hat in existence and a prosthetic arm. Steve is still best
IDK man, Ari and Kai look more androgynous to me than they do feminine, much like Alex.
Men can’t have long hair? I’d say most of those could really be either gender. Even the names I’m not overly familiar with so idk if they’re unisex names like Taylor or Alex, or if they’re more masc/fem.
As useless as Alex and Steve
    Well, they need a default and Alex added slimmer arms, these are literally just skins. Least they could have done is make some taller, shorter or wider so they're at least different templates like Steve and Alex are.
bro it is a game where you make armour by magically fusing diamonds together and your upset about them having a funky red jacket?
yeah, I do like those skins too, but these are primarily here for more representation purposes, which is nice :)
no u
No. The skins should be a placeholder, I like painting my own.
    You can still do that.
It makes the two characters less iconic, now they need to share it with 7 new skins that look like shit. I get that it is boring and i would agree if you couldn’t just change skins which most people do.
    It doesn't make steve and alex any less iconic, that's like saying having the ability to change your skin makes them less iconic. It's more options, that didn't take any production time away from the game, and harms nobody. You can just ignore it, or choose to use it.
        It will make them less iconic because they will be getting less attention out of the default skins.
        >It doesn't make steve and alex any less iconic

it will when they get pushed to the side so the new skins can take all the spotlight, unless of course they need a character to suffer in which case send out whity to deal with it
It's not even like they can complain that it split the development team's resources.  It's literally just several skins applied over the old player model and animations.  It was the least they could do to have an enormous impact by being more inclusive, not only to new players, but in their promotional material.

I can't see any reason other than blind hate to see this as anything other than a prudent gesture.
    “Enormous impact” lmfao
    I know, it's really disappointing to see people that are actually upset over this.
I think it may just be the style they use for animations (at least I'm hoping). They'll likely have the same texturing/shading as Alex and Steve do in-game
[deleted]
    political is when woman
You cared enough to make a comment
It’s the fact these skins are being packaged along as a feature in an update… no changes to character models, no changes to anything worthwhile, just a way for mojang to pat themselves in the back and claim they are diverse and inclusive…
Speak for yourself.
What’s ugly about them?
Idk why they don’t just make the moustache bit the same colour as the beard. Would make it more obvious that it’s meant to be facial hair
    there’s a thing with facial hair where some patches can be different colors than others.

i’ve got a brunette-ish beard and my mustache is mostly blond
        While this is true, it’s probably not a good idea for them to go for something unusual when you’ve only got 16x16 pixels to convey a face with easily recognisable features
    My beard gets lighter the closer you get to my Stache cause the hair goes from black to brown to red to dirty blonde. Having different colored facial hair is cool though
I don't care it's a nose and no one can tell me otherwise
Why not nose hair?
THATS MUSTACHE
Yes
    DUTCH! IM DRIPPIN DUTCH
nice pfp
    Your pfp too 🗿
        Same with yours 🔋
            Good evening gentlemen. Were looking pretty sharp
Giga chad
tuxedo creeper gang
tennis steve best character, the only skin i ever used when i played on ps3 edition. it was great
tennis steve superiority
Scottish Steve superiority
Formal cave spider gang
He got removed because it was "racist" , big sad moment right there
I liked playing the battle mini game with the wither skull squad. good times...
# wait hes gone?!
steve in a tuxedo is better. It was a classic skin
The zombie is a mob (enemy), amongst other enemies like skeletons, spiders and creepers. However steve is the player and has many skins, some are versions of steve some arent, such as tuxedo steve, the undisputed best skin
Well it was more or a bug fixing update that just happened to also come with bees.
    I remember when they were calling it "The Bees and Bugs Update" but then they changed the name for some reason :( it was a good pun
    TBH, they did fix some bugs, but they also added some, too.
Other new features include:

Not reusing the horse code we swear. 

Some bamboo blocks that should’ve been added years ago.

Signs being more like signs. 

Functional bookshelves finally.

A boat but we aren’t just calling it a boat it’s a raft. Just like how we added a boss but refuse to call it a boss.

/s
    Its not the whole thing, these are just the 99% ready, 100% confirmed features.
        Yes there will probably be a few more things announced later on, but little was announced during Minecon Live. You know the big event for Minecraft every year that’s had much larger updates announced at. So it’s just a tad funny to point out how little was announced from a major game studio regarding their main game
            The point was to avoid building up expectations by leaving out things that are still subject to change and then getting burnt out trying to meet them if they decide said feature needs more stuff to make it better (see the original deep dark and then the current versions differences after they delayed it to improve the concept)
                The update is coming out in 2023, people are gonna be burnt out regardless. It was a mistake to announce that they were releasing snapshots soon. Instead they should’ve said snapshots were coming sometime in the new year. It is yet another thing that could’ve be avoided but this is Mojang
                    I believe the snapshots are of the 90% finished content like the camels and bamboo then as things develop the snapshots will have more things added, they’ve clearly got some sort of plan. We just need to wait and see.
    Don’t forget adding in a single mob, when three is definitely within their ability.
r/fucktheS
I love how it’s all pretty unique names and then it’s just **steve**
    Tbf, that's a pretty common white name. Or Geoff or Robert.
        Weird how I have never heard of the name Geoff. Robert, sure, but Geoff?
            It's another way to spell Jeff, so I'd assume you've heard that name before
                Ah, gotcha
    Out of 10 million people in Sweden only 800 are called Steve, I would say its pretty unique. But how do you know that the other names aren't common in their own regions?
These new names are actually sick can’t wait for the fanart
    Names are sick as fuck, they really went all out in naming them. I can't wait for the promotional shit with them. Thatll be super cool.
    [removed]
        ...

You know what, it's the internet, go crazy.
        I’m getting the Cease and Desist Order.
SUNNY? OMORI CAME TO MOTHERFUCKING MINECRAFT??
They are gonna be OP when they also come to smash bros
From a Swedish company I expected at least 1 representative.. 😂
SUNNY?!?!!?! >!*falls off a hospital*!<
new names are sick, not a huge fan of the name efe but that's just a personal thing
To be honest I like the names more then the skins, mostly because, how will they work? Like, if you have bought minecraft, you already have the opportunity to choose a skin of your liking. Are they for when you play in offline mode and your skin is not visualized?
S-sunny? 
Omori fans beware
Sunny is cool
The one on the left is definitely named Mike. That's indisputable
    Waltuh
        You aren't suposse to put the fork in the microwave, waltuh.
            I am the one who cooks the microwave meals
        Put your DS away Waltuh, you’re jamming navigation systems Waltuh.
    Kid named finger? 😳😳🥺
    Far right is Michael.
    I just looked again and, oh my god you're absolutely right
I do.
It's a he, named Kai.
    How'd you know? Are their gender/pronouns stated anywhere? Those name all are pretty gender neutral
    Arms don't inherently mean it's a guy.

TBH, Kai strikes me as having been deliberately made ambiguous in gender (kinda like how Alex was at least initially meant to be) or possibly even outright nonbinary, what with the androgynous appearance and the gender-neutral name.
    Oh, hmm, where you got that i really want to see the list of the names. Also he still looks like a Starbucks Stacy.
Hello Sunnykaimakenastevealexzuriarinoor!
    Any relation to Sarahkayacomesin?
        wenomechaindasuma
            I was actually thinking that before I saw your reply💀
            tumajarbisaun
    Haha
    “But my fiends just call me Jeremy”
    You missed efe
One of their names Is also very similiar to mine, cool.
Noor is apparently an Arabic unisex name that translates to “light”, which is sick as fuck.
    I'm an Indian Muslim living in the UAE so I can confirm this. There are many variations of the name too. From what I've seen, it's mainly females that are named 'Noor' or 'Noora'. For males, you will find quite a few named 'Noor', but there's a lot more named 'Nooruddin' (light of the religion) or 'Noorullah' (light of God).
I think they are random names from places that aren’t Britain and Greece. To balance out the British steve and greco-roman Alex. Because a lot of people live in places where English and Greek haven’t had such an influence as in Sweden or America.
Why?
Everyone remembers thug Steve though.
    Minority Steve
    HIS NAME IS ATHLETE STEVE
Really? After we *just* cured his gambling addiction?
Unless you want to play a female character "for some reason".  Seriously, who would want that?  When we can all just be the same white guy!  Solidarity!  /s

Also: "This is clearly why character creation was made and became popular. Because everybody just wants to have the same exact experience!"
    In what world is Steve white?

He was made to be racially ambiguous.
GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD


haha standing here I realize funny haha
This comment. It's about everything. Sure you can get skins in game real easy but merch has constantly been Steve and Alex. So adding more will diversify it. It's a good thing.
    They also said that the intent is not to completely replace skins , just that until you find the skin you like, ull have something that represents you
    They should def give their faces some distinction
        They probably have distinctive characteristics when in game, we only saw them really briefly
            I hope these are prototypes
    Having one universal Steve was truly inclusive.
        Why are all of them girls???
    I’ve opened about a dozen LEGO sets recently and you should see how many Steves I have! Time for some other default characters to shine so it’s not all samey.
>	I imagine there will be merchandise, too.

“Minority groups aren’t buying enough minecraft merch. What should we do? Do you know, Tiny Jens?”
    If a little kid sees one of the new default skins on a tshirt or a lunchbox, and that makes him or her feel good about seeing someone who looks like them in a franchise that they adore, I’m all for it.
        Prayers for little square kid🙏🙏
        All for the cool low price of $79.99 ^(plus shipping and handling)

This is nothing more than commercialized tokenization. It shouldn’t be applauded.
            Yeah, it’s commercialized. It’s a product. That’s what products are. That doesn’t mean they shouldn’t make it an inclusive product, and that doesn’t make it tokenization, either. There is nothing to see here.
                They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. That’s textbook tokenization. Exploiting underprivileged markets desperate for representation by releasing cheap shit like this
                    >	They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. 

There is absolutely no evidence supporting that. It’s literally just a thing you’ve said. That doesn’t make it so.
            It's representation and should be applauded.  Don't try to gaslight us.  A lot of Minecraft players utilize that thing between their ears to get a leg up in the game, so don't underestimate our critical thinking skills.

I'll be happy for all the young colored children who might discover a new favorite skin among the new defaults.  You can go back and stew in your own inadequacy and self-loathing back under that rock you crawled out from under.
But haven't there been other skins used ( I think some of them being here) in animations before? Nothing is really stopping them from using different skins in animations, which just leaves merchandise. So, essentially, this update is an ad for microjang's new buyable merch and nothing to actually improve the game. No thanks.
Download a skin then.
    these are probably for children who are just starting the game and don’t know how to do that yet. I don’t see why anyone would have a problem with this.
        Yes noobs will get more options, that's what I'm saying
        Exactly. Having a built-in skin switcher for these is very good for children or the non-technologically-inclined.
        Back in my kiddo days I was able to crack games easily, kids these days can't even download a skin?

weakness disgusts me
        They wanna be combative assholes for the sake of being combative assholes. Either that or they're just racists genuinely being triggered that Mojag dares to acknowledge that POC exist.
            I’m not even white. Go outside and touch some grass.
                When exactly did I say you were?
                    < being triggered that Mojang dares to acknowledge that POC exist


Heavy implications. Or maybe you’re just too busy being a prick online.
        If you’re a kid you’re most likely on bedrock.
            I got started on java when I was a kid. if one person finds these skins useful then they’ve served their purpose. if you don’t need them, don’t use them. makes no difference to your experience of the game.
                Okay, but most kids play on bedrock, where skin choice is severely limited.
            Well, considering that Java is only on PC And Bedrock is LİTERALLY EVERY OTHER VERSİON yeah
    Why not add new defaults? It has no negative impact on anything whatsoever
    ye, like the new default skins
Skins exist, but they are a pain to download
You can literally upload any skin you want for Java. Literally any skin. For free. It's been this way for ten years. This is Twitter bait.
    [deleted]
        I don't think there are many schools using java edition for teaching.
        Ok random tangent but the fact that kids are so invested in tech and yet have so little knowledge of data storage and system functions is sad
        when I started playing minecraft ten years ago I managed to upload my own skin. I think modern kids can figure it out. You dont even have to download anything. there's an import skin button on most skin sites now.
            What is the downside of adding new default skins? Also the new skins will not just be in the game, it will be part of advertising and merch.
                I never said there was one. What I am saying is that this is a "feature" to "add representation" when the game already supported 100% custom skins. This is a nothing burger being served and people are convinced it has meat on it.
                    The new skins are not just for in the game, they said the new skins will be used in things like the trailer.
                        Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
    This is literally just extra content. Just a few more options. An easy addition. How are you making this an issue?
    Kids (noobs) can't do that
We have paint and dozens of online tools that can generate the texture map though?
You underestimate the number of adults who just want to play the game.

The vast majority of gamers don't want to use mods.
    Custom skins do aren't a mid though.
    That's just factually not true. That vast majority of players have a non deafult skin
Steve’s case is pretty debatable.
I mean, Steve looks like he could represent almost anyone, but that's besides the point
    Steve could not physically represent somebody like Lebron James, which is exactly the point.

Tanner-skinned Caucasian male =/= basically virtually representation for everybody
Dang had no idea that 
A. Steve is Caucasian
B. POC felt they weren't welcome in the best selling game of all time. Guess only white people bought it

I'm all for the skins this reasoning is just silly
This is just straight information here.  People downvoting are abusing the function.  For bigotry, I might add.

A few skins in this update really brought out the worst sorts of people in the community.
    Go and complain on twitter, kid. If you see a bigotry in downvoting false information, then it's only your problem
        I'm not on Twitter.  What right-wing propaganda machine did you pick that up from, I wonder.
Character creator in bedrock already has all the skin tones doesn't it? And java skin apps are free
    Skin things free, but you have to keep in mind a lot of players are really young and have no clue how to download different skins
Would have made more sense to just make a character creator
    They already made one.
        Ah well someone should tell them that
            I really don’t think this is that big a deal, just give people multiple options.
                I’m only against it in the sense that it was a waste of time, and was most likely pushed by microsoft as a way to sell more merch. If there’s a character creator then this is otherwise pointless

Edit: not sure how you got your feelings hurt enough to block me but it’s pretty pathetic. Especially when you’re trying to take some highroad about how nobody can have opinions but you. Kinda dumb but you do you chief
                    If it’s such a waste of time, then don’t add to it. You’re not critiquing it, this is hardly even a new feature, you’re just being negative because it happened.
Or you know, they just did it because "why not?".  The face of Minecraft has only been Steve and Alex up until now, but now, this whole group of characters can be used to present new updates and such.  It'll add more variety.  And they could even apply different archetypes to different characters.  Maybe the bandana guy will be a fisherman who highlights aquatic updates.  Or maybe one of the new female characters is an adventurer that highlights new ruin updates.

I really don't see how anybody could be interpreting this news as negative.  Creating skins and naming them isn't a distraction from substantial updates and they've made it clear that 1.20 will be a lot more than default skins.
    [removed]
        Yes.  It's to market to a more inclusive audience.  The biggest change aside from giving new players more options right off the bat is to include these characters in promotional content.  It'd be insanely dumb of them to walk out these new characters and still market purely with Steve and Alex.  It's not a mind-bender, man.

Edit: I'm going to respond to /u/Hunter20107, who responded to me in this comment, instead of replying because they blocked me out of fear of a strong, rational counter-argument, so here goes:

>While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself,

You're literally arguing that if somebody doesn't feel represented by the two Caucasian default skins, they should have to put in the extra effort to download or make a custom avatar... And you're arguing this **AFTER** Mojang has already announced that they've designed 7 new default skins.

What the hell even is your argument?  De facto segregation between custom skins and defaults?  What is this "exclusivity" bullshit?  You mean, they become less rare and more commonly seen?  That's called inclusion!
            ? I'm sorry, I don't understand your first paragraph, I replied to your comment like I would any post? I'm using the mobile app so not sure if it appeared differently but I have no idea what you're on about here, also I haven't blocked you fyi

Tbf I consider Steve to be somewhat tanned but sure fair point, though I didn't realise that it was so much effort to use a search engine for minecraft skins on java, or use the skin creator for bedrock. If any other version isn't so accessible to skins, then my apologies I wasn't aware,  though I'd argue they need a better way for user skin creation instead of using that time making skins, however java and bedrock hold the majority of minecraft users and custom skins are rather easily accessible there (I'm not as familiar with bedrock, but again, would rather improve it's skin creator tool for better user creation). 

I meant to say that trying to add more skins to include everyone only leads to more people wanting to be included, as each individual skin doesn't represent as broadly a group as it once did. While honourable in ideal, it means mojang spends more of their time making skins that people will probably ditch for their own custom one anyway, than making useful or interesting features and changes, which is more to the core of my argument. Just have one skin to represent everyone, some people won't care, those that do can put in the effort to find a skin someone else has made, and if they wanted something more specific, they'd feel the same way for these new skins anyway. If you really care about what that one skin looks like though, make it some random colour on the colour wheel, it don't matter.

You're making it seem as if getting a skin to represent you is so difficult when for the majority of players, it isn't, and if it is, Mojang should be spending their time improving skin customisation for those versions instead of making skins. If you wanted merch, I'm sure some of these skins have been in previous animations, and the rest are great additions for future ones, so still good merch opportunities. I just don't want them wasting time on skins when it could be better used elsewhere, like improving skin creation tools/implementation.

Irregardless, the reality is that these skins are apart of the update, so I hope the people that don't use custom skins enjoy them, but I don't want this to be a sign that mojang will start spending time working on new and 'cool' skins for future updates instead of features or bugfixes.
            While I feel the concept is of good intentions, I feel, counterintuitively that adding more skins to be 'more inclusive' will just make the skins by themselves less inclusive. Originally it was just Steve and anybody was Steve, didn't really matter. Then Alex came along to essentially ascribe gender, and now we have a host of ethnicities, so Steve gos from being everyone to Steve being only Tanned skinned Males. Which I guess is fine if your ethnicity got added here, but now what about the groups that didn't get added, are they now not included? The attempt to add more inclusivity by adding more specific skins only increases the skin's exclusivity for those that do not have these more specific traits.

 While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself, often with better and more fitting results? Maybe easy skin creation isn't available on all versions, but that sounds like the problem is with the lack of customisation for specific platforms (they are supposed to be fixing parity after all) and not that the game needs more default skins

Let's be real here though, this isn't for making the audience feel more inclusive but to sell more merch for Microjang.
        Rude.
    It’s not really that great of a positive. I think that having more default skins might be a good thing for actual gameplay, but as for advertising, variety and representation aren’t what matters. If you want to be technical, few people actually are “represented” by Steve and Alex anyway. They have the rarer two eye colors. Alex has red hair, which is pretty rare. And seeing the differences in their skin tones, I wouldn’t exactly say Steve is Caucasian. I’ve never really thought of him like that. 
The thing is, Steve and Alex are classical figures that connect people to Minecraft. They are iconic for the game. They have sentiment behind them. These new characters don’t add anything to Minecraft. They’re just there to be a couple different skin and hair colors. (And honestly, if this is about representation, seems like they’re missing some people.) Steve and Alex are their own characters that represent a game. 
I don’t have an objection to adding more default skins, but as far as advertising Minecraft goes, we don’t need more characters, because the game isn’t about diversity.
Really? Because I’ve also seen a lot of outrage.
    Only from disgusting racists.  Who the hell cares of they add a few default skins to the game?  I'll keep using my custom one and if new players have a wider selection of defaults while becoming familiar with the game, what could possibly be wrong with that?
        I think it's that we have no attachment to these new characters, like we do Steve and Alex.
            Seriously, what attachment?  What personality do they have?  They're literally tabula rasas, stand-ins for an unknown player.  How can several other blank templates, but just with a few different skin tones, diminish what Steve and Alex are currently?

I'm just gonna straight-up say it.  Anybody who has a problem with these new default skins has racial prejudices.  And if they insist that they don't, they've got some introspection to do to come to terms with who they want to be going forward; Somebody who gets their jimmies rustled by new players having the opportunity to pick avatars more like themselves that are explicitly supported by the publisher and devs or somebody who can be happy about a low-effort update that welcomes inclusiveness?
                Attachment to Steve and Alex coming from personal experience, people played and they gave Steve and Alex personalities they want. They are icons of Minecraft. Steve was from the beginning he's like a Creeper, then Alex joined. They were in game for a looooong time, of course people got attached to them. Yeah, after some years the same will happen to new skins too, but not now
                We had Alex and Steve for many years by now, with thousands of fanarts, official products and what not featuring them as the "main characters" of the game. It's obvious that people would be attached to them. I for example also saw them as a sorta "Adam and Eve" of Minecraft, so adding more take it away a little for me. 

I'm sure eventually people will learn to accept them as part of the game. Although there is to say that for new skins, they do look quite cheaply made. Like Alex and Steve are different from one another down to the model (Alex being thinner), so why not give the other more uniqueness?
                    There should be only 2 models.
                    "Cheaply-made"?  I'm curious.  What detail about the skins seems "cheaply-made"?  Because the Steve and Alex skins aren't exactly masterpieces implementing dithering and unique costume or character designs.  The finest detail between the two of them is that Alex has a belt and lines along her pants.  We have other characters here with jewelry, different hairstyles and colors, patterned clothing, etc. and essentially the same face as Steve and Alex.  What is "cheap" about these skins in particular?
                        Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
                            So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
                I'm not against them, I'm just curious what Mojang will do to endear us to these new characters.
                    Probably have them silently picking things up, breaking blocks, and looking around with the same blank face.  This isn't freaking HBO, man.
                You can say it’s racial prejudice if you want, but that doesn’t make you right.
        Oh no, I absolutely agree. I’m saying that I don’t think Mojang did this for internet points, I think they did it out of genuine desire for Minecraft to be more inclusive.
            Yeah, they’ve been pushing it for a while now. I’ve been reading one of the official novels, and one of the main characters is nonbinary. I’m honestly kinda proud of them.
                You do know that all mobs are non-binary, right? That includes the player, if player decides
    The outrage is pointless. Java has had custom skins since the beginning. The point of the skin system was for ultimate inclusivity and representation. This is parading nothing as feature for brownie points, and clickbait engagement from racists.
        Wait, so was it to generate positive reactions or to generate negative reactions? You’re flipping back and forth here.
            No, I'm not. It's engagement bait. It's to get people to fight about inclusivity in the comments and drive up engagement metrics. This comment chain is proving that.
Yea, good for him.
They are, according to the Bible, the first humans created by God.
    Oh, ok, thanks. Can I ask why Steve and Alex have an Adam and Eve vibe?
        The only 2 humans in existence (since villagers seem like a different species from Homo Sapiens) having to survive in a harsh world, having to construct their own paradise, much like Adam and Eve had to survive on their own after being exiled from Eden's Garden.
I might be the only one that prefers the non goatee steve
It’s super irritating having Steve be the only one with a unique face. I mean obviously I wouldn’t want them to change his but also maybe make some of the new ones have his face or a completely unique face (bigger eyes for example). Plus his skin looks way more simple than the rest which also makes it seem awkward and stand out
I like Steve's chunky arms though
But then wtf is the point of having an event? They threw a reveal to reveal that they’re not revealing anything
    there are other things like minecraft dungeons and minecraft legends that they showed off for most of the event.
        I don’t mind when they have little sections on that but it was like 80% about those lol. I just tuned out for most of it then switched back on for the later reveals bc frankly I don’t play those games so I’m not going to waste time :/
Yep!
[deleted]
    The point about not revealing an update title means they can make features and if they don't pan out then they don't have to add them and so no one is disappointed. if they announced let's say "the ather update" but then the ather's code doesn't work that well/ isn't very fun they still have to add it as that's what everyone's expecting, set low expectations so people aren't disappointed. I'm pretty sure that's what mojang used to do pre 1.8 anyway so really they're just going back as it's more sustainable
Yeah I agree that the few features they've shown are cool additions. Just kinda disappointed that they have all the resource to make a whole new game with gameplay, mobs, graphics, and everything else made from scratch, while the actual Minecraft only got like 3 new features and 2 retextured old features newly announced.

Hope the snapshots don't disappoint.
    No, that’s just what they’ve shown. There’s plenty of other stuff that hasn’t been shown
You're bringing up the Wild Update is exactly the reason they dialed it back a tonne this year
    Well, it's pretty pathetic that a company that has the most popular game in the world, and the full backing of Microsoft, can only put out 4 features after a year of work
        Again, throwing money at the problem wont make things go faster in development. Ya'know seeing as its only been an hour since the show I'm already expecting a tonne more comments like this so, I'm not gonna feel the need to respond more to yours in particular.
            If money is not the solution then they gotta rethink how they do things. Minecraft is the only large game to put out such a pathetically small amount of content per year.
            [deleted]
        ??? They’ve got way more than 4, it’s just that only 4 are finished enough to release in a snapshot. Everything else will be revealed slowly, which is much more exciting and something I missed last year when everything was pretty much already announced.
        There are more features. These are just the finished ones. They could be working on a whole magic overhaul but want more working with the community then dictating how it will all work.
            Then just tell us that and say that it's a work in progress, don't reveal literally nothing at the hour and a half long event dedicated to revealing new features
                They said there is more coming. The features announced are the ones that are 100% in the game
            A use for exp other than enchanting yay!
    [deleted]
        Face it, people would have never been happy regardless of their approach. Damned if you do, damned if you don't
Like how red & yellow M&Ms are most used.
Shirts and pants existed in Medival times
    Not t-shirts and jeans.
        Who said they were jeans?

(Yes I am prepared to argue with you over what some vauge pixels are supposed to be)
In 1.69
How about just the sex update?
Well sometimes when I play it switches to Alex. It’s annoying. I just like playing as Steve, he’s the original.
[deleted]
    Thank god that would be a fucking nightmare
Shame he flipped his political lid and became an awful, hateful person.
That has literally nothing to do with diversity and inclusion: that’s how Minecraft’s breeding system works. There is no irony in that at all.
[removed]
    Again, Alex was literally modeled after Jeb.
        than it would be called jeb if it was supposed to be him, its very much supposed to be a femine pick for women
Well, they need a default and Alex added slimmer arms, these are literally just skins. Least they could have done is make some taller, shorter or wider so they're at least different templates like Steve and Alex are.
You can still do that.
It doesn't make steve and alex any less iconic, that's like saying having the ability to change your skin makes them less iconic. It's more options, that didn't take any production time away from the game, and harms nobody. You can just ignore it, or choose to use it.
    It will make them less iconic because they will be getting less attention out of the default skins.
    >It doesn't make steve and alex any less iconic

it will when they get pushed to the side so the new skins can take all the spotlight, unless of course they need a character to suffer in which case send out whity to deal with it
“Enormous impact” lmfao
I know, it's really disappointing to see people that are actually upset over this.
political is when woman
there’s a thing with facial hair where some patches can be different colors than others.

i’ve got a brunette-ish beard and my mustache is mostly blond
    While this is true, it’s probably not a good idea for them to go for something unusual when you’ve only got 16x16 pixels to convey a face with easily recognisable features
My beard gets lighter the closer you get to my Stache cause the hair goes from black to brown to red to dirty blonde. Having different colored facial hair is cool though
DUTCH! IM DRIPPIN DUTCH
Your pfp too 🗿
    Same with yours 🔋
        Good evening gentlemen. Were looking pretty sharp
I remember when they were calling it "The Bees and Bugs Update" but then they changed the name for some reason :( it was a good pun
TBH, they did fix some bugs, but they also added some, too.
Its not the whole thing, these are just the 99% ready, 100% confirmed features.
    Yes there will probably be a few more things announced later on, but little was announced during Minecon Live. You know the big event for Minecraft every year that’s had much larger updates announced at. So it’s just a tad funny to point out how little was announced from a major game studio regarding their main game
        The point was to avoid building up expectations by leaving out things that are still subject to change and then getting burnt out trying to meet them if they decide said feature needs more stuff to make it better (see the original deep dark and then the current versions differences after they delayed it to improve the concept)
            The update is coming out in 2023, people are gonna be burnt out regardless. It was a mistake to announce that they were releasing snapshots soon. Instead they should’ve said snapshots were coming sometime in the new year. It is yet another thing that could’ve be avoided but this is Mojang
                I believe the snapshots are of the 90% finished content like the camels and bamboo then as things develop the snapshots will have more things added, they’ve clearly got some sort of plan. We just need to wait and see.
Don’t forget adding in a single mob, when three is definitely within their ability.
Tbf, that's a pretty common white name. Or Geoff or Robert.
    Weird how I have never heard of the name Geoff. Robert, sure, but Geoff?
        It's another way to spell Jeff, so I'd assume you've heard that name before
            Ah, gotcha
Out of 10 million people in Sweden only 800 are called Steve, I would say its pretty unique. But how do you know that the other names aren't common in their own regions?
Names are sick as fuck, they really went all out in naming them. I can't wait for the promotional shit with them. Thatll be super cool.
[removed]
    ...

You know what, it's the internet, go crazy.
    I’m getting the Cease and Desist Order.
Waltuh
    You aren't suposse to put the fork in the microwave, waltuh.
        I am the one who cooks the microwave meals
    Put your DS away Waltuh, you’re jamming navigation systems Waltuh.
Kid named finger? 😳😳🥺
Far right is Michael.
I just looked again and, oh my god you're absolutely right
How'd you know? Are their gender/pronouns stated anywhere? Those name all are pretty gender neutral
Arms don't inherently mean it's a guy.

TBH, Kai strikes me as having been deliberately made ambiguous in gender (kinda like how Alex was at least initially meant to be) or possibly even outright nonbinary, what with the androgynous appearance and the gender-neutral name.
Oh, hmm, where you got that i really want to see the list of the names. Also he still looks like a Starbucks Stacy.
Any relation to Sarahkayacomesin?
    wenomechaindasuma
        I was actually thinking that before I saw your reply💀
        tumajarbisaun
Haha
“But my fiends just call me Jeremy”
You missed efe
I'm an Indian Muslim living in the UAE so I can confirm this. There are many variations of the name too. From what I've seen, it's mainly females that are named 'Noor' or 'Noora'. For males, you will find quite a few named 'Noor', but there's a lot more named 'Nooruddin' (light of the religion) or 'Noorullah' (light of God).
Minority Steve
HIS NAME IS ATHLETE STEVE
In what world is Steve white?

He was made to be racially ambiguous.
They also said that the intent is not to completely replace skins , just that until you find the skin you like, ull have something that represents you
They should def give their faces some distinction
    They probably have distinctive characteristics when in game, we only saw them really briefly
        I hope these are prototypes
Having one universal Steve was truly inclusive.
    Why are all of them girls???
I’ve opened about a dozen LEGO sets recently and you should see how many Steves I have! Time for some other default characters to shine so it’s not all samey.
If a little kid sees one of the new default skins on a tshirt or a lunchbox, and that makes him or her feel good about seeing someone who looks like them in a franchise that they adore, I’m all for it.
    Prayers for little square kid🙏🙏
    All for the cool low price of $79.99 ^(plus shipping and handling)

This is nothing more than commercialized tokenization. It shouldn’t be applauded.
        Yeah, it’s commercialized. It’s a product. That’s what products are. That doesn’t mean they shouldn’t make it an inclusive product, and that doesn’t make it tokenization, either. There is nothing to see here.
            They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. That’s textbook tokenization. Exploiting underprivileged markets desperate for representation by releasing cheap shit like this
                >	They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. 

There is absolutely no evidence supporting that. It’s literally just a thing you’ve said. That doesn’t make it so.
        It's representation and should be applauded.  Don't try to gaslight us.  A lot of Minecraft players utilize that thing between their ears to get a leg up in the game, so don't underestimate our critical thinking skills.

I'll be happy for all the young colored children who might discover a new favorite skin among the new defaults.  You can go back and stew in your own inadequacy and self-loathing back under that rock you crawled out from under.
these are probably for children who are just starting the game and don’t know how to do that yet. I don’t see why anyone would have a problem with this.
    Yes noobs will get more options, that's what I'm saying
    Exactly. Having a built-in skin switcher for these is very good for children or the non-technologically-inclined.
    Back in my kiddo days I was able to crack games easily, kids these days can't even download a skin?

weakness disgusts me
    They wanna be combative assholes for the sake of being combative assholes. Either that or they're just racists genuinely being triggered that Mojag dares to acknowledge that POC exist.
        I’m not even white. Go outside and touch some grass.
            When exactly did I say you were?
                < being triggered that Mojang dares to acknowledge that POC exist


Heavy implications. Or maybe you’re just too busy being a prick online.
    If you’re a kid you’re most likely on bedrock.
        I got started on java when I was a kid. if one person finds these skins useful then they’ve served their purpose. if you don’t need them, don’t use them. makes no difference to your experience of the game.
            Okay, but most kids play on bedrock, where skin choice is severely limited.
        Well, considering that Java is only on PC And Bedrock is LİTERALLY EVERY OTHER VERSİON yeah
Why not add new defaults? It has no negative impact on anything whatsoever
ye, like the new default skins
[deleted]
    I don't think there are many schools using java edition for teaching.
    Ok random tangent but the fact that kids are so invested in tech and yet have so little knowledge of data storage and system functions is sad
    when I started playing minecraft ten years ago I managed to upload my own skin. I think modern kids can figure it out. You dont even have to download anything. there's an import skin button on most skin sites now.
        What is the downside of adding new default skins? Also the new skins will not just be in the game, it will be part of advertising and merch.
            I never said there was one. What I am saying is that this is a "feature" to "add representation" when the game already supported 100% custom skins. This is a nothing burger being served and people are convinced it has meat on it.
                The new skins are not just for in the game, they said the new skins will be used in things like the trailer.
                    Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
This is literally just extra content. Just a few more options. An easy addition. How are you making this an issue?
Kids (noobs) can't do that
Custom skins do aren't a mid though.
That's just factually not true. That vast majority of players have a non deafult skin
Steve could not physically represent somebody like Lebron James, which is exactly the point.

Tanner-skinned Caucasian male =/= basically virtually representation for everybody
Go and complain on twitter, kid. If you see a bigotry in downvoting false information, then it's only your problem
    I'm not on Twitter.  What right-wing propaganda machine did you pick that up from, I wonder.
Skin things free, but you have to keep in mind a lot of players are really young and have no clue how to download different skins
They already made one.
    Ah well someone should tell them that
        I really don’t think this is that big a deal, just give people multiple options.
            I’m only against it in the sense that it was a waste of time, and was most likely pushed by microsoft as a way to sell more merch. If there’s a character creator then this is otherwise pointless

Edit: not sure how you got your feelings hurt enough to block me but it’s pretty pathetic. Especially when you’re trying to take some highroad about how nobody can have opinions but you. Kinda dumb but you do you chief
                If it’s such a waste of time, then don’t add to it. You’re not critiquing it, this is hardly even a new feature, you’re just being negative because it happened.
[removed]
    Yes.  It's to market to a more inclusive audience.  The biggest change aside from giving new players more options right off the bat is to include these characters in promotional content.  It'd be insanely dumb of them to walk out these new characters and still market purely with Steve and Alex.  It's not a mind-bender, man.

Edit: I'm going to respond to /u/Hunter20107, who responded to me in this comment, instead of replying because they blocked me out of fear of a strong, rational counter-argument, so here goes:

>While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself,

You're literally arguing that if somebody doesn't feel represented by the two Caucasian default skins, they should have to put in the extra effort to download or make a custom avatar... And you're arguing this **AFTER** Mojang has already announced that they've designed 7 new default skins.

What the hell even is your argument?  De facto segregation between custom skins and defaults?  What is this "exclusivity" bullshit?  You mean, they become less rare and more commonly seen?  That's called inclusion!
        ? I'm sorry, I don't understand your first paragraph, I replied to your comment like I would any post? I'm using the mobile app so not sure if it appeared differently but I have no idea what you're on about here, also I haven't blocked you fyi

Tbf I consider Steve to be somewhat tanned but sure fair point, though I didn't realise that it was so much effort to use a search engine for minecraft skins on java, or use the skin creator for bedrock. If any other version isn't so accessible to skins, then my apologies I wasn't aware,  though I'd argue they need a better way for user skin creation instead of using that time making skins, however java and bedrock hold the majority of minecraft users and custom skins are rather easily accessible there (I'm not as familiar with bedrock, but again, would rather improve it's skin creator tool for better user creation). 

I meant to say that trying to add more skins to include everyone only leads to more people wanting to be included, as each individual skin doesn't represent as broadly a group as it once did. While honourable in ideal, it means mojang spends more of their time making skins that people will probably ditch for their own custom one anyway, than making useful or interesting features and changes, which is more to the core of my argument. Just have one skin to represent everyone, some people won't care, those that do can put in the effort to find a skin someone else has made, and if they wanted something more specific, they'd feel the same way for these new skins anyway. If you really care about what that one skin looks like though, make it some random colour on the colour wheel, it don't matter.

You're making it seem as if getting a skin to represent you is so difficult when for the majority of players, it isn't, and if it is, Mojang should be spending their time improving skin customisation for those versions instead of making skins. If you wanted merch, I'm sure some of these skins have been in previous animations, and the rest are great additions for future ones, so still good merch opportunities. I just don't want them wasting time on skins when it could be better used elsewhere, like improving skin creation tools/implementation.

Irregardless, the reality is that these skins are apart of the update, so I hope the people that don't use custom skins enjoy them, but I don't want this to be a sign that mojang will start spending time working on new and 'cool' skins for future updates instead of features or bugfixes.
        While I feel the concept is of good intentions, I feel, counterintuitively that adding more skins to be 'more inclusive' will just make the skins by themselves less inclusive. Originally it was just Steve and anybody was Steve, didn't really matter. Then Alex came along to essentially ascribe gender, and now we have a host of ethnicities, so Steve gos from being everyone to Steve being only Tanned skinned Males. Which I guess is fine if your ethnicity got added here, but now what about the groups that didn't get added, are they now not included? The attempt to add more inclusivity by adding more specific skins only increases the skin's exclusivity for those that do not have these more specific traits.

 While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself, often with better and more fitting results? Maybe easy skin creation isn't available on all versions, but that sounds like the problem is with the lack of customisation for specific platforms (they are supposed to be fixing parity after all) and not that the game needs more default skins

Let's be real here though, this isn't for making the audience feel more inclusive but to sell more merch for Microjang.
    Rude.
It’s not really that great of a positive. I think that having more default skins might be a good thing for actual gameplay, but as for advertising, variety and representation aren’t what matters. If you want to be technical, few people actually are “represented” by Steve and Alex anyway. They have the rarer two eye colors. Alex has red hair, which is pretty rare. And seeing the differences in their skin tones, I wouldn’t exactly say Steve is Caucasian. I’ve never really thought of him like that. 
The thing is, Steve and Alex are classical figures that connect people to Minecraft. They are iconic for the game. They have sentiment behind them. These new characters don’t add anything to Minecraft. They’re just there to be a couple different skin and hair colors. (And honestly, if this is about representation, seems like they’re missing some people.) Steve and Alex are their own characters that represent a game. 
I don’t have an objection to adding more default skins, but as far as advertising Minecraft goes, we don’t need more characters, because the game isn’t about diversity.
Only from disgusting racists.  Who the hell cares of they add a few default skins to the game?  I'll keep using my custom one and if new players have a wider selection of defaults while becoming familiar with the game, what could possibly be wrong with that?
    I think it's that we have no attachment to these new characters, like we do Steve and Alex.
        Seriously, what attachment?  What personality do they have?  They're literally tabula rasas, stand-ins for an unknown player.  How can several other blank templates, but just with a few different skin tones, diminish what Steve and Alex are currently?

I'm just gonna straight-up say it.  Anybody who has a problem with these new default skins has racial prejudices.  And if they insist that they don't, they've got some introspection to do to come to terms with who they want to be going forward; Somebody who gets their jimmies rustled by new players having the opportunity to pick avatars more like themselves that are explicitly supported by the publisher and devs or somebody who can be happy about a low-effort update that welcomes inclusiveness?
            Attachment to Steve and Alex coming from personal experience, people played and they gave Steve and Alex personalities they want. They are icons of Minecraft. Steve was from the beginning he's like a Creeper, then Alex joined. They were in game for a looooong time, of course people got attached to them. Yeah, after some years the same will happen to new skins too, but not now
            We had Alex and Steve for many years by now, with thousands of fanarts, official products and what not featuring them as the "main characters" of the game. It's obvious that people would be attached to them. I for example also saw them as a sorta "Adam and Eve" of Minecraft, so adding more take it away a little for me. 

I'm sure eventually people will learn to accept them as part of the game. Although there is to say that for new skins, they do look quite cheaply made. Like Alex and Steve are different from one another down to the model (Alex being thinner), so why not give the other more uniqueness?
                There should be only 2 models.
                "Cheaply-made"?  I'm curious.  What detail about the skins seems "cheaply-made"?  Because the Steve and Alex skins aren't exactly masterpieces implementing dithering and unique costume or character designs.  The finest detail between the two of them is that Alex has a belt and lines along her pants.  We have other characters here with jewelry, different hairstyles and colors, patterned clothing, etc. and essentially the same face as Steve and Alex.  What is "cheap" about these skins in particular?
                    Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
                        So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
            I'm not against them, I'm just curious what Mojang will do to endear us to these new characters.
                Probably have them silently picking things up, breaking blocks, and looking around with the same blank face.  This isn't freaking HBO, man.
            You can say it’s racial prejudice if you want, but that doesn’t make you right.
    Oh no, I absolutely agree. I’m saying that I don’t think Mojang did this for internet points, I think they did it out of genuine desire for Minecraft to be more inclusive.
        Yeah, they’ve been pushing it for a while now. I’ve been reading one of the official novels, and one of the main characters is nonbinary. I’m honestly kinda proud of them.
            You do know that all mobs are non-binary, right? That includes the player, if player decides
The outrage is pointless. Java has had custom skins since the beginning. The point of the skin system was for ultimate inclusivity and representation. This is parading nothing as feature for brownie points, and clickbait engagement from racists.
    Wait, so was it to generate positive reactions or to generate negative reactions? You’re flipping back and forth here.
        No, I'm not. It's engagement bait. It's to get people to fight about inclusivity in the comments and drive up engagement metrics. This comment chain is proving that.
Oh, ok, thanks. Can I ask why Steve and Alex have an Adam and Eve vibe?
    The only 2 humans in existence (since villagers seem like a different species from Homo Sapiens) having to survive in a harsh world, having to construct their own paradise, much like Adam and Eve had to survive on their own after being exiled from Eden's Garden.
there are other things like minecraft dungeons and minecraft legends that they showed off for most of the event.
    I don’t mind when they have little sections on that but it was like 80% about those lol. I just tuned out for most of it then switched back on for the later reveals bc frankly I don’t play those games so I’m not going to waste time :/
The point about not revealing an update title means they can make features and if they don't pan out then they don't have to add them and so no one is disappointed. if they announced let's say "the ather update" but then the ather's code doesn't work that well/ isn't very fun they still have to add it as that's what everyone's expecting, set low expectations so people aren't disappointed. I'm pretty sure that's what mojang used to do pre 1.8 anyway so really they're just going back as it's more sustainable
No, that’s just what they’ve shown. There’s plenty of other stuff that hasn’t been shown
Well, it's pretty pathetic that a company that has the most popular game in the world, and the full backing of Microsoft, can only put out 4 features after a year of work
    Again, throwing money at the problem wont make things go faster in development. Ya'know seeing as its only been an hour since the show I'm already expecting a tonne more comments like this so, I'm not gonna feel the need to respond more to yours in particular.
        If money is not the solution then they gotta rethink how they do things. Minecraft is the only large game to put out such a pathetically small amount of content per year.
        [deleted]
    ??? They’ve got way more than 4, it’s just that only 4 are finished enough to release in a snapshot. Everything else will be revealed slowly, which is much more exciting and something I missed last year when everything was pretty much already announced.
    There are more features. These are just the finished ones. They could be working on a whole magic overhaul but want more working with the community then dictating how it will all work.
        Then just tell us that and say that it's a work in progress, don't reveal literally nothing at the hour and a half long event dedicated to revealing new features
            They said there is more coming. The features announced are the ones that are 100% in the game
        A use for exp other than enchanting yay!
[deleted]
    Face it, people would have never been happy regardless of their approach. Damned if you do, damned if you don't
Not t-shirts and jeans.
    Who said they were jeans?

(Yes I am prepared to argue with you over what some vauge pixels are supposed to be)
Thank god that would be a fucking nightmare
Again, Alex was literally modeled after Jeb.
    than it would be called jeb if it was supposed to be him, its very much supposed to be a femine pick for women
It will make them less iconic because they will be getting less attention out of the default skins.
>It doesn't make steve and alex any less iconic

it will when they get pushed to the side so the new skins can take all the spotlight, unless of course they need a character to suffer in which case send out whity to deal with it
While this is true, it’s probably not a good idea for them to go for something unusual when you’ve only got 16x16 pixels to convey a face with easily recognisable features
Same with yours 🔋
    Good evening gentlemen. Were looking pretty sharp
Yes there will probably be a few more things announced later on, but little was announced during Minecon Live. You know the big event for Minecraft every year that’s had much larger updates announced at. So it’s just a tad funny to point out how little was announced from a major game studio regarding their main game
    The point was to avoid building up expectations by leaving out things that are still subject to change and then getting burnt out trying to meet them if they decide said feature needs more stuff to make it better (see the original deep dark and then the current versions differences after they delayed it to improve the concept)
        The update is coming out in 2023, people are gonna be burnt out regardless. It was a mistake to announce that they were releasing snapshots soon. Instead they should’ve said snapshots were coming sometime in the new year. It is yet another thing that could’ve be avoided but this is Mojang
            I believe the snapshots are of the 90% finished content like the camels and bamboo then as things develop the snapshots will have more things added, they’ve clearly got some sort of plan. We just need to wait and see.
Weird how I have never heard of the name Geoff. Robert, sure, but Geoff?
    It's another way to spell Jeff, so I'd assume you've heard that name before
        Ah, gotcha
...

You know what, it's the internet, go crazy.
I’m getting the Cease and Desist Order.
You aren't suposse to put the fork in the microwave, waltuh.
    I am the one who cooks the microwave meals
Put your DS away Waltuh, you’re jamming navigation systems Waltuh.
wenomechaindasuma
    I was actually thinking that before I saw your reply💀
    tumajarbisaun
They probably have distinctive characteristics when in game, we only saw them really briefly
    I hope these are prototypes
Why are all of them girls???
Prayers for little square kid🙏🙏
All for the cool low price of $79.99 ^(plus shipping and handling)

This is nothing more than commercialized tokenization. It shouldn’t be applauded.
    Yeah, it’s commercialized. It’s a product. That’s what products are. That doesn’t mean they shouldn’t make it an inclusive product, and that doesn’t make it tokenization, either. There is nothing to see here.
        They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. That’s textbook tokenization. Exploiting underprivileged markets desperate for representation by releasing cheap shit like this
            >	They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. 

There is absolutely no evidence supporting that. It’s literally just a thing you’ve said. That doesn’t make it so.
    It's representation and should be applauded.  Don't try to gaslight us.  A lot of Minecraft players utilize that thing between their ears to get a leg up in the game, so don't underestimate our critical thinking skills.

I'll be happy for all the young colored children who might discover a new favorite skin among the new defaults.  You can go back and stew in your own inadequacy and self-loathing back under that rock you crawled out from under.
Yes noobs will get more options, that's what I'm saying
Exactly. Having a built-in skin switcher for these is very good for children or the non-technologically-inclined.
Back in my kiddo days I was able to crack games easily, kids these days can't even download a skin?

weakness disgusts me
They wanna be combative assholes for the sake of being combative assholes. Either that or they're just racists genuinely being triggered that Mojag dares to acknowledge that POC exist.
    I’m not even white. Go outside and touch some grass.
        When exactly did I say you were?
            < being triggered that Mojang dares to acknowledge that POC exist


Heavy implications. Or maybe you’re just too busy being a prick online.
If you’re a kid you’re most likely on bedrock.
    I got started on java when I was a kid. if one person finds these skins useful then they’ve served their purpose. if you don’t need them, don’t use them. makes no difference to your experience of the game.
        Okay, but most kids play on bedrock, where skin choice is severely limited.
    Well, considering that Java is only on PC And Bedrock is LİTERALLY EVERY OTHER VERSİON yeah
I don't think there are many schools using java edition for teaching.
Ok random tangent but the fact that kids are so invested in tech and yet have so little knowledge of data storage and system functions is sad
when I started playing minecraft ten years ago I managed to upload my own skin. I think modern kids can figure it out. You dont even have to download anything. there's an import skin button on most skin sites now.
    What is the downside of adding new default skins? Also the new skins will not just be in the game, it will be part of advertising and merch.
        I never said there was one. What I am saying is that this is a "feature" to "add representation" when the game already supported 100% custom skins. This is a nothing burger being served and people are convinced it has meat on it.
            The new skins are not just for in the game, they said the new skins will be used in things like the trailer.
                Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
I'm not on Twitter.  What right-wing propaganda machine did you pick that up from, I wonder.
Ah well someone should tell them that
    I really don’t think this is that big a deal, just give people multiple options.
        I’m only against it in the sense that it was a waste of time, and was most likely pushed by microsoft as a way to sell more merch. If there’s a character creator then this is otherwise pointless

Edit: not sure how you got your feelings hurt enough to block me but it’s pretty pathetic. Especially when you’re trying to take some highroad about how nobody can have opinions but you. Kinda dumb but you do you chief
            If it’s such a waste of time, then don’t add to it. You’re not critiquing it, this is hardly even a new feature, you’re just being negative because it happened.
Yes.  It's to market to a more inclusive audience.  The biggest change aside from giving new players more options right off the bat is to include these characters in promotional content.  It'd be insanely dumb of them to walk out these new characters and still market purely with Steve and Alex.  It's not a mind-bender, man.

Edit: I'm going to respond to /u/Hunter20107, who responded to me in this comment, instead of replying because they blocked me out of fear of a strong, rational counter-argument, so here goes:

>While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself,

You're literally arguing that if somebody doesn't feel represented by the two Caucasian default skins, they should have to put in the extra effort to download or make a custom avatar... And you're arguing this **AFTER** Mojang has already announced that they've designed 7 new default skins.

What the hell even is your argument?  De facto segregation between custom skins and defaults?  What is this "exclusivity" bullshit?  You mean, they become less rare and more commonly seen?  That's called inclusion!
    ? I'm sorry, I don't understand your first paragraph, I replied to your comment like I would any post? I'm using the mobile app so not sure if it appeared differently but I have no idea what you're on about here, also I haven't blocked you fyi

Tbf I consider Steve to be somewhat tanned but sure fair point, though I didn't realise that it was so much effort to use a search engine for minecraft skins on java, or use the skin creator for bedrock. If any other version isn't so accessible to skins, then my apologies I wasn't aware,  though I'd argue they need a better way for user skin creation instead of using that time making skins, however java and bedrock hold the majority of minecraft users and custom skins are rather easily accessible there (I'm not as familiar with bedrock, but again, would rather improve it's skin creator tool for better user creation). 

I meant to say that trying to add more skins to include everyone only leads to more people wanting to be included, as each individual skin doesn't represent as broadly a group as it once did. While honourable in ideal, it means mojang spends more of their time making skins that people will probably ditch for their own custom one anyway, than making useful or interesting features and changes, which is more to the core of my argument. Just have one skin to represent everyone, some people won't care, those that do can put in the effort to find a skin someone else has made, and if they wanted something more specific, they'd feel the same way for these new skins anyway. If you really care about what that one skin looks like though, make it some random colour on the colour wheel, it don't matter.

You're making it seem as if getting a skin to represent you is so difficult when for the majority of players, it isn't, and if it is, Mojang should be spending their time improving skin customisation for those versions instead of making skins. If you wanted merch, I'm sure some of these skins have been in previous animations, and the rest are great additions for future ones, so still good merch opportunities. I just don't want them wasting time on skins when it could be better used elsewhere, like improving skin creation tools/implementation.

Irregardless, the reality is that these skins are apart of the update, so I hope the people that don't use custom skins enjoy them, but I don't want this to be a sign that mojang will start spending time working on new and 'cool' skins for future updates instead of features or bugfixes.
    While I feel the concept is of good intentions, I feel, counterintuitively that adding more skins to be 'more inclusive' will just make the skins by themselves less inclusive. Originally it was just Steve and anybody was Steve, didn't really matter. Then Alex came along to essentially ascribe gender, and now we have a host of ethnicities, so Steve gos from being everyone to Steve being only Tanned skinned Males. Which I guess is fine if your ethnicity got added here, but now what about the groups that didn't get added, are they now not included? The attempt to add more inclusivity by adding more specific skins only increases the skin's exclusivity for those that do not have these more specific traits.

 While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself, often with better and more fitting results? Maybe easy skin creation isn't available on all versions, but that sounds like the problem is with the lack of customisation for specific platforms (they are supposed to be fixing parity after all) and not that the game needs more default skins

Let's be real here though, this isn't for making the audience feel more inclusive but to sell more merch for Microjang.
Rude.
I think it's that we have no attachment to these new characters, like we do Steve and Alex.
    Seriously, what attachment?  What personality do they have?  They're literally tabula rasas, stand-ins for an unknown player.  How can several other blank templates, but just with a few different skin tones, diminish what Steve and Alex are currently?

I'm just gonna straight-up say it.  Anybody who has a problem with these new default skins has racial prejudices.  And if they insist that they don't, they've got some introspection to do to come to terms with who they want to be going forward; Somebody who gets their jimmies rustled by new players having the opportunity to pick avatars more like themselves that are explicitly supported by the publisher and devs or somebody who can be happy about a low-effort update that welcomes inclusiveness?
        Attachment to Steve and Alex coming from personal experience, people played and they gave Steve and Alex personalities they want. They are icons of Minecraft. Steve was from the beginning he's like a Creeper, then Alex joined. They were in game for a looooong time, of course people got attached to them. Yeah, after some years the same will happen to new skins too, but not now
        We had Alex and Steve for many years by now, with thousands of fanarts, official products and what not featuring them as the "main characters" of the game. It's obvious that people would be attached to them. I for example also saw them as a sorta "Adam and Eve" of Minecraft, so adding more take it away a little for me. 

I'm sure eventually people will learn to accept them as part of the game. Although there is to say that for new skins, they do look quite cheaply made. Like Alex and Steve are different from one another down to the model (Alex being thinner), so why not give the other more uniqueness?
            There should be only 2 models.
            "Cheaply-made"?  I'm curious.  What detail about the skins seems "cheaply-made"?  Because the Steve and Alex skins aren't exactly masterpieces implementing dithering and unique costume or character designs.  The finest detail between the two of them is that Alex has a belt and lines along her pants.  We have other characters here with jewelry, different hairstyles and colors, patterned clothing, etc. and essentially the same face as Steve and Alex.  What is "cheap" about these skins in particular?
                Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
                    So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
        I'm not against them, I'm just curious what Mojang will do to endear us to these new characters.
            Probably have them silently picking things up, breaking blocks, and looking around with the same blank face.  This isn't freaking HBO, man.
        You can say it’s racial prejudice if you want, but that doesn’t make you right.
Oh no, I absolutely agree. I’m saying that I don’t think Mojang did this for internet points, I think they did it out of genuine desire for Minecraft to be more inclusive.
    Yeah, they’ve been pushing it for a while now. I’ve been reading one of the official novels, and one of the main characters is nonbinary. I’m honestly kinda proud of them.
        You do know that all mobs are non-binary, right? That includes the player, if player decides
Wait, so was it to generate positive reactions or to generate negative reactions? You’re flipping back and forth here.
    No, I'm not. It's engagement bait. It's to get people to fight about inclusivity in the comments and drive up engagement metrics. This comment chain is proving that.
The only 2 humans in existence (since villagers seem like a different species from Homo Sapiens) having to survive in a harsh world, having to construct their own paradise, much like Adam and Eve had to survive on their own after being exiled from Eden's Garden.
I don’t mind when they have little sections on that but it was like 80% about those lol. I just tuned out for most of it then switched back on for the later reveals bc frankly I don’t play those games so I’m not going to waste time :/
Again, throwing money at the problem wont make things go faster in development. Ya'know seeing as its only been an hour since the show I'm already expecting a tonne more comments like this so, I'm not gonna feel the need to respond more to yours in particular.
    If money is not the solution then they gotta rethink how they do things. Minecraft is the only large game to put out such a pathetically small amount of content per year.
    [deleted]
??? They’ve got way more than 4, it’s just that only 4 are finished enough to release in a snapshot. Everything else will be revealed slowly, which is much more exciting and something I missed last year when everything was pretty much already announced.
There are more features. These are just the finished ones. They could be working on a whole magic overhaul but want more working with the community then dictating how it will all work.
    Then just tell us that and say that it's a work in progress, don't reveal literally nothing at the hour and a half long event dedicated to revealing new features
        They said there is more coming. The features announced are the ones that are 100% in the game
    A use for exp other than enchanting yay!
Face it, people would have never been happy regardless of their approach. Damned if you do, damned if you don't
Who said they were jeans?

(Yes I am prepared to argue with you over what some vauge pixels are supposed to be)
than it would be called jeb if it was supposed to be him, its very much supposed to be a femine pick for women
Good evening gentlemen. Were looking pretty sharp
The point was to avoid building up expectations by leaving out things that are still subject to change and then getting burnt out trying to meet them if they decide said feature needs more stuff to make it better (see the original deep dark and then the current versions differences after they delayed it to improve the concept)
    The update is coming out in 2023, people are gonna be burnt out regardless. It was a mistake to announce that they were releasing snapshots soon. Instead they should’ve said snapshots were coming sometime in the new year. It is yet another thing that could’ve be avoided but this is Mojang
        I believe the snapshots are of the 90% finished content like the camels and bamboo then as things develop the snapshots will have more things added, they’ve clearly got some sort of plan. We just need to wait and see.
It's another way to spell Jeff, so I'd assume you've heard that name before
    Ah, gotcha
I am the one who cooks the microwave meals
I was actually thinking that before I saw your reply💀
tumajarbisaun
I hope these are prototypes
Yeah, it’s commercialized. It’s a product. That’s what products are. That doesn’t mean they shouldn’t make it an inclusive product, and that doesn’t make it tokenization, either. There is nothing to see here.
    They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. That’s textbook tokenization. Exploiting underprivileged markets desperate for representation by releasing cheap shit like this
        >	They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. 

There is absolutely no evidence supporting that. It’s literally just a thing you’ve said. That doesn’t make it so.
It's representation and should be applauded.  Don't try to gaslight us.  A lot of Minecraft players utilize that thing between their ears to get a leg up in the game, so don't underestimate our critical thinking skills.

I'll be happy for all the young colored children who might discover a new favorite skin among the new defaults.  You can go back and stew in your own inadequacy and self-loathing back under that rock you crawled out from under.
I’m not even white. Go outside and touch some grass.
    When exactly did I say you were?
        < being triggered that Mojang dares to acknowledge that POC exist


Heavy implications. Or maybe you’re just too busy being a prick online.
I got started on java when I was a kid. if one person finds these skins useful then they’ve served their purpose. if you don’t need them, don’t use them. makes no difference to your experience of the game.
    Okay, but most kids play on bedrock, where skin choice is severely limited.
Well, considering that Java is only on PC And Bedrock is LİTERALLY EVERY OTHER VERSİON yeah
What is the downside of adding new default skins? Also the new skins will not just be in the game, it will be part of advertising and merch.
    I never said there was one. What I am saying is that this is a "feature" to "add representation" when the game already supported 100% custom skins. This is a nothing burger being served and people are convinced it has meat on it.
        The new skins are not just for in the game, they said the new skins will be used in things like the trailer.
            Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
I really don’t think this is that big a deal, just give people multiple options.
    I’m only against it in the sense that it was a waste of time, and was most likely pushed by microsoft as a way to sell more merch. If there’s a character creator then this is otherwise pointless

Edit: not sure how you got your feelings hurt enough to block me but it’s pretty pathetic. Especially when you’re trying to take some highroad about how nobody can have opinions but you. Kinda dumb but you do you chief
        If it’s such a waste of time, then don’t add to it. You’re not critiquing it, this is hardly even a new feature, you’re just being negative because it happened.
? I'm sorry, I don't understand your first paragraph, I replied to your comment like I would any post? I'm using the mobile app so not sure if it appeared differently but I have no idea what you're on about here, also I haven't blocked you fyi

Tbf I consider Steve to be somewhat tanned but sure fair point, though I didn't realise that it was so much effort to use a search engine for minecraft skins on java, or use the skin creator for bedrock. If any other version isn't so accessible to skins, then my apologies I wasn't aware,  though I'd argue they need a better way for user skin creation instead of using that time making skins, however java and bedrock hold the majority of minecraft users and custom skins are rather easily accessible there (I'm not as familiar with bedrock, but again, would rather improve it's skin creator tool for better user creation). 

I meant to say that trying to add more skins to include everyone only leads to more people wanting to be included, as each individual skin doesn't represent as broadly a group as it once did. While honourable in ideal, it means mojang spends more of their time making skins that people will probably ditch for their own custom one anyway, than making useful or interesting features and changes, which is more to the core of my argument. Just have one skin to represent everyone, some people won't care, those that do can put in the effort to find a skin someone else has made, and if they wanted something more specific, they'd feel the same way for these new skins anyway. If you really care about what that one skin looks like though, make it some random colour on the colour wheel, it don't matter.

You're making it seem as if getting a skin to represent you is so difficult when for the majority of players, it isn't, and if it is, Mojang should be spending their time improving skin customisation for those versions instead of making skins. If you wanted merch, I'm sure some of these skins have been in previous animations, and the rest are great additions for future ones, so still good merch opportunities. I just don't want them wasting time on skins when it could be better used elsewhere, like improving skin creation tools/implementation.

Irregardless, the reality is that these skins are apart of the update, so I hope the people that don't use custom skins enjoy them, but I don't want this to be a sign that mojang will start spending time working on new and 'cool' skins for future updates instead of features or bugfixes.
While I feel the concept is of good intentions, I feel, counterintuitively that adding more skins to be 'more inclusive' will just make the skins by themselves less inclusive. Originally it was just Steve and anybody was Steve, didn't really matter. Then Alex came along to essentially ascribe gender, and now we have a host of ethnicities, so Steve gos from being everyone to Steve being only Tanned skinned Males. Which I guess is fine if your ethnicity got added here, but now what about the groups that didn't get added, are they now not included? The attempt to add more inclusivity by adding more specific skins only increases the skin's exclusivity for those that do not have these more specific traits.

 While I agree that it's not as easy as default skins, if the skin you wear doesn't represent you and that bugs you so much, then surely you're willing to put in the effort to change/ personalise it yourself, often with better and more fitting results? Maybe easy skin creation isn't available on all versions, but that sounds like the problem is with the lack of customisation for specific platforms (they are supposed to be fixing parity after all) and not that the game needs more default skins

Let's be real here though, this isn't for making the audience feel more inclusive but to sell more merch for Microjang.
Seriously, what attachment?  What personality do they have?  They're literally tabula rasas, stand-ins for an unknown player.  How can several other blank templates, but just with a few different skin tones, diminish what Steve and Alex are currently?

I'm just gonna straight-up say it.  Anybody who has a problem with these new default skins has racial prejudices.  And if they insist that they don't, they've got some introspection to do to come to terms with who they want to be going forward; Somebody who gets their jimmies rustled by new players having the opportunity to pick avatars more like themselves that are explicitly supported by the publisher and devs or somebody who can be happy about a low-effort update that welcomes inclusiveness?
    Attachment to Steve and Alex coming from personal experience, people played and they gave Steve and Alex personalities they want. They are icons of Minecraft. Steve was from the beginning he's like a Creeper, then Alex joined. They were in game for a looooong time, of course people got attached to them. Yeah, after some years the same will happen to new skins too, but not now
    We had Alex and Steve for many years by now, with thousands of fanarts, official products and what not featuring them as the "main characters" of the game. It's obvious that people would be attached to them. I for example also saw them as a sorta "Adam and Eve" of Minecraft, so adding more take it away a little for me. 

I'm sure eventually people will learn to accept them as part of the game. Although there is to say that for new skins, they do look quite cheaply made. Like Alex and Steve are different from one another down to the model (Alex being thinner), so why not give the other more uniqueness?
        There should be only 2 models.
        "Cheaply-made"?  I'm curious.  What detail about the skins seems "cheaply-made"?  Because the Steve and Alex skins aren't exactly masterpieces implementing dithering and unique costume or character designs.  The finest detail between the two of them is that Alex has a belt and lines along her pants.  We have other characters here with jewelry, different hairstyles and colors, patterned clothing, etc. and essentially the same face as Steve and Alex.  What is "cheap" about these skins in particular?
            Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
                So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
    I'm not against them, I'm just curious what Mojang will do to endear us to these new characters.
        Probably have them silently picking things up, breaking blocks, and looking around with the same blank face.  This isn't freaking HBO, man.
    You can say it’s racial prejudice if you want, but that doesn’t make you right.
Yeah, they’ve been pushing it for a while now. I’ve been reading one of the official novels, and one of the main characters is nonbinary. I’m honestly kinda proud of them.
    You do know that all mobs are non-binary, right? That includes the player, if player decides
No, I'm not. It's engagement bait. It's to get people to fight about inclusivity in the comments and drive up engagement metrics. This comment chain is proving that.
If money is not the solution then they gotta rethink how they do things. Minecraft is the only large game to put out such a pathetically small amount of content per year.
[deleted]
Then just tell us that and say that it's a work in progress, don't reveal literally nothing at the hour and a half long event dedicated to revealing new features
    They said there is more coming. The features announced are the ones that are 100% in the game
A use for exp other than enchanting yay!
The update is coming out in 2023, people are gonna be burnt out regardless. It was a mistake to announce that they were releasing snapshots soon. Instead they should’ve said snapshots were coming sometime in the new year. It is yet another thing that could’ve be avoided but this is Mojang
    I believe the snapshots are of the 90% finished content like the camels and bamboo then as things develop the snapshots will have more things added, they’ve clearly got some sort of plan. We just need to wait and see.
Ah, gotcha
They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. That’s textbook tokenization. Exploiting underprivileged markets desperate for representation by releasing cheap shit like this
    >	They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. 

There is absolutely no evidence supporting that. It’s literally just a thing you’ve said. That doesn’t make it so.
When exactly did I say you were?
    < being triggered that Mojang dares to acknowledge that POC exist


Heavy implications. Or maybe you’re just too busy being a prick online.
Okay, but most kids play on bedrock, where skin choice is severely limited.
I never said there was one. What I am saying is that this is a "feature" to "add representation" when the game already supported 100% custom skins. This is a nothing burger being served and people are convinced it has meat on it.
    The new skins are not just for in the game, they said the new skins will be used in things like the trailer.
        Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
I’m only against it in the sense that it was a waste of time, and was most likely pushed by microsoft as a way to sell more merch. If there’s a character creator then this is otherwise pointless

Edit: not sure how you got your feelings hurt enough to block me but it’s pretty pathetic. Especially when you’re trying to take some highroad about how nobody can have opinions but you. Kinda dumb but you do you chief
    If it’s such a waste of time, then don’t add to it. You’re not critiquing it, this is hardly even a new feature, you’re just being negative because it happened.
Attachment to Steve and Alex coming from personal experience, people played and they gave Steve and Alex personalities they want. They are icons of Minecraft. Steve was from the beginning he's like a Creeper, then Alex joined. They were in game for a looooong time, of course people got attached to them. Yeah, after some years the same will happen to new skins too, but not now
We had Alex and Steve for many years by now, with thousands of fanarts, official products and what not featuring them as the "main characters" of the game. It's obvious that people would be attached to them. I for example also saw them as a sorta "Adam and Eve" of Minecraft, so adding more take it away a little for me. 

I'm sure eventually people will learn to accept them as part of the game. Although there is to say that for new skins, they do look quite cheaply made. Like Alex and Steve are different from one another down to the model (Alex being thinner), so why not give the other more uniqueness?
    There should be only 2 models.
    "Cheaply-made"?  I'm curious.  What detail about the skins seems "cheaply-made"?  Because the Steve and Alex skins aren't exactly masterpieces implementing dithering and unique costume or character designs.  The finest detail between the two of them is that Alex has a belt and lines along her pants.  We have other characters here with jewelry, different hairstyles and colors, patterned clothing, etc. and essentially the same face as Steve and Alex.  What is "cheap" about these skins in particular?
        Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
            So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
I'm not against them, I'm just curious what Mojang will do to endear us to these new characters.
    Probably have them silently picking things up, breaking blocks, and looking around with the same blank face.  This isn't freaking HBO, man.
You can say it’s racial prejudice if you want, but that doesn’t make you right.
You do know that all mobs are non-binary, right? That includes the player, if player decides
They said there is more coming. The features announced are the ones that are 100% in the game
I believe the snapshots are of the 90% finished content like the camels and bamboo then as things develop the snapshots will have more things added, they’ve clearly got some sort of plan. We just need to wait and see.
>	They literally just spent 30 seconds making some quick cheap skins. They did the minimum amount of effort to check off a box without putting any legitimate design, personality, or culture into them. 

There is absolutely no evidence supporting that. It’s literally just a thing you’ve said. That doesn’t make it so.
< being triggered that Mojang dares to acknowledge that POC exist


Heavy implications. Or maybe you’re just too busy being a prick online.
The new skins are not just for in the game, they said the new skins will be used in things like the trailer.
    Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
If it’s such a waste of time, then don’t add to it. You’re not critiquing it, this is hardly even a new feature, you’re just being negative because it happened.
There should be only 2 models.
"Cheaply-made"?  I'm curious.  What detail about the skins seems "cheaply-made"?  Because the Steve and Alex skins aren't exactly masterpieces implementing dithering and unique costume or character designs.  The finest detail between the two of them is that Alex has a belt and lines along her pants.  We have other characters here with jewelry, different hairstyles and colors, patterned clothing, etc. and essentially the same face as Steve and Alex.  What is "cheap" about these skins in particular?
    Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
        So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
Probably have them silently picking things up, breaking blocks, and looking around with the same blank face.  This isn't freaking HBO, man.
Right, which means it's just to push merch to non-white people. You are being played and you think it's a feature.
Simply put, the fact that they are simple reskins, which is something that can be easily done both in Java and Bedrock. Like I mentioned before, having an actual different model from Steve and Alex would make them genuinely stand out and give them a more unique look. After all, Steve and Alex ARE different from one another, with Alex being slightly thinner than Steve.
    So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
So you mean "cheaply made" meaning that the developers didn't have to create a whole new model for half a dozen new skins and not actually referring to how the skins look?

That's a selling point, as far as I'm concerned.  They had to do very little work to promote inclusivity.  I personally applaud them for that.  It's a small, but meaningful gesture.
