[[Why does seemingly everyone seem to dislike Smash 4]]


I've seen a lot of people saying Smash 4 was "trash" and that they're "glad they can finally leave it behind when Ultimate comes out". WTF why? I loved Smash 4, why do people hate it?


The last Evo was a pretty terrible send off for the game, it feels like between that and Smash Ultimate a lot of pent up frustration has started to come out.
    I don't follow Smash competitive, what happened at last Evo?
        [This Twin Galaxies writeup](https://www.twingalaxies.com/feed_details.php/2609/the-super-smash-bros-for-wii-u-evo-2018-grand-finals-were-the-ultimate-disappointment) is pretty good. tl;dr: Bayo ditto in the Grand Finals, audience booing the players, players insulting the audience and stalling, all-around mess.
            They should just kick ass hat players like that out and ban them from future competition scenes. 
                The crowd shares some of the blame. We can hold the players to a higher standard, but it's understandable that they might react badly to an overwhelmingly bad crowd reaction.
                    Keep in mind too this is likely not the first time they've been treated this way, Bayo players get a lot of hate.
                        Not even close to the first time; CaptainZack, Lima and Mistake all got tons of hate for a while.
                            If I was in the same position, I'd honestly probably do the same thing. The way people treat Bayo players is disgusting, so fuck em. 
                                to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
                                Yes fuck the bayo players
                    The crowd has zero blame. In any professional sport you don’t just spot the opponent a goal. This is a major tourney. I can’t even imagine someone turning over a ball and the other team just gives it back.

Edit: Downvoted? They trolled a match, broke competition rules, and flipped off the crowd but they shouldn’t be annoyed? Classic.
                        I would agree but both captain Zack and Lima ( he two bayo players) are just kids and get soo much flack from the community for their character choice. They've been treated poorly by the community for months, getting boo'd when they come on stage, people complain when they win, people sending death threats directly to them on Twitter. And it's not like they were sponsored players at the time, so I wouldn't say they're doing this professionally.
                            The Smash community can sometimes be so toxic. Like take a chill pill it's just a game.
                                On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
                            If they weren't top players nobody would be offering excuses. I'm not saying they're awful persons or something like that, but they should've been DQed or faced some kind of penalty for their behavior.
                        Competitive smash has quite a way to go before it's a football level of a competitive sport. The differences in fans and money are probably comparable to pre school football to professional football. 
                        Getting tons of hate all the time for simply playing a character in a fighting game? Not an excuse to be annoyed and act childish

Kid flips of crowd (and later causes even more trouble) because of the constant hate he gets? Perfect excuse for the crowd to be annoyed and act childish, they are not to blame.

Either no one was to blame, or both sides were to blame, because neither side acted better than the other, but also had their reasons. It was understandable, but they shouldn't have harassed others over their annoyances, because we can clearly see that it just causes a shitshow.
                            Yeah people assume I’m saying the kid did something wrong because I defended the crowd. He shouldn’t flip people off but at sporting events people boo. It happens. I saw people raging on reddit over people booing at a League of Legends match. They booed because it was a rival team. No one got that and called the crowd dicks for not cheering everyone.
                    People boo professional sports players all the time. If one of them flipped of the crowd they would be penalized financially or through suspensions immediately 
                    Love how people push esports to be equal to regular sports and then day things like this. How does the crowd act in real sports? What happens when players respond like that? 
They get suspended without pay. Toughen up.
                        Incomparable, dont kid yourself.
                At least one of them quit singles tourneys, but I guess it doesn't really matter since the Sm4sh Comp scene will die after Ultimate releases.
                    Wait who quit? Zach or lima?
                        Zacc, the man who is not a snacc.
                That's great if you have no interest in seeing high quality play
                I’ve been saying this and i get downvoted to hell. I’m glad you have 72 upvotes 
                    Its relevant I guess
            seems like they should just ban bayonetta and her 0-death combo bullshit
            Why is Bayo even legal in these kinds of tournaments?
                Because the smash community is stubborn to the point of self destruction.

Brawl had metaknight dominating almost every single tournament and every high level player had a "pocket metaknight" and yet TOs never managed to unanimously agree.

Same shit with Bayonetta. 
                    Lol this is absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they all agree on that Bayo should be banned? If she's that OP, it just takes out the fun for everyone.
                        ~~Because moronic conspiracy theories made it look like hating on her was cool, and by the time it became obvious it wasn't just a few rowdy haters there were too many people who enjoyed playing her so the debate went on and on. It was a backlash to hateful backlash that spiralled outta control because a few people couldn't accept that the active and modern Nintendo fandom had more say than Smash-core fan-polling suggested. Resulting in an ironic situation where her own haters were her biggest asset, which kinda suits her.~~

Who knows? I am sure it was sociologically interesting.
                            Lol no wonder the Smash community gets made fun off by other fighting game communities.
                    From what I heard, Meta Knight was banned for some time, but apparently a ton of people would just not go to tourneys because they only enjoyed Meta Knight.

Regarding Bayo, people were stubborn due to there not being overwhelming evidence of her being OP, by the time people started to agree, Ultimate's release was on the horizon and pushing for it now would be a waste of energy and time.
                        Did Nintendo just not patch Bayo? Sometimes they act like they stick their head in the sand. 
                            Bayo was way worse when she just released. She got a few changes at first (which also nerfed Corrin and Cloud), then there was a patch that was dedicated to just changing her (this was the final balance patch, from May 2016). 

People took a loooong time to figure out how to play her afterwards. The second rise of Bayo could be attributed to Salem and Mistake, then more people started using her, like Abadango and Tweek.
                [deleted]
                    Well, not anymore in ultimate. I hope there are no super top tiers in ultimate. Ultimate would be alot more interesting if we see diversity in tournament winners and characters.
            Ouch.
        The final tournament or something ended with the 2 guys outright not playing and just talking to each other casually. Someone who worked there told them they had to play
            Loooool WTF
        Oh dude, the grand finals were so weird. For context, it was the very first Smash 4 competitive match I was watching. Until then I’d only been somewhat aware of the Melee competitive scene. I tuned in for this match because I was trying to get more into the competitive scene before Ultimate came around. 
 
And the match starts, it’s ditto Bayonetta, and neither player seemed to be taking it seriously at all. They also seemed to be purposely trying to piss off the audience. Not to mention, I love Bayo games, but inside of Smash 4 her moveset is just so ridiculous and OP that it’s not much fun to watch. So that didn’t help. I was almost permanently turned off Smash as a competitive sport. 
 
Thank god Youtube recommended a bunch of other incredible tournament videos before I closed the tab. 
            Spent 2 hours watching this today, totally worth. Great games.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwuTDZ7mW2I
            Lol that sounds terrible. I know that Bayonetta is very hated amongst this community because she's extremely OP (even more than Meta Knight in Brawl?). But one thing I never understood is why didn't she get banned at Evo? Didn't Meta Knight get banned? So why not her?
                Meta Knight did get banned for some time, and it pretty much ruined brawls competitive scene. Since half of everyone main was meta knight, half of the player base left. Imagine if your character that you liked got banned, you would probably stop playing. Eventually meta knight was unbanned, but the scene was pretty much already over.
                    Lol I think the fact that half of everyone's main was Meta Knight tells you everything about the skill of those people. 
                        Well actually metaknight and brawl in general took more skill to learn and be good at then smash 4 did which is one reason why upsets are more common in smash 4. Plus most top metaknight players in brawl are also top players in other smash games (mew2king is a melee god, and ZeRo and nairo are top smash 4 players. Those are just some examples)
                            Oh ok, thanks for clarifying!
                Not more op than brawl metaknight it's just that most smash 4 players want to complain instead of learning how to do certain things. In smash ultimate palutena's guidance for bayonetta even references the "just sdi" meme and someone even mentioned that they see clouds get gimped more often on nairo's streams than in actual tournament sets. 
        Captain zack and Lima stalled on gf main stage. Captain zack also threw a hissy fit and flipped off the crowd for booing him
I like the game, there's just absolutely zero reason to play it when Ultimate exists
    What about the stages that were left behind?

What about... Smash Run and Smash Tour? If you're into those.
[deleted]
    I kind of called this when I saw a lot of early stuff on smash ultimate, but I did call smash ultimate more of a 4.5 than a smash 5. Main reason being not because they built it off smash 4, but more so it built up from it to include what was missed.

So a revisit would be unlikely when Ultimate comes out but I will love it the same for what it gave me. 
The engine promotes and rewards campy/defensive gameplay and rage is actually bullshit.

I didn’t like it at launch, but I gave it another try after about a year and immediately fell in love with the competitive scene regardless of my gripes with the gameplay.

I personally can’t wait to never play this game again though. I love every single mechanic change that Ultimate’s implemented and the “burst” gameplay and dash dancing is everything I wanted.
    What do you mean with "rage"? I'm not into competitive.
        [This article](https://www.ssbwiki.com/rage) explains it better than I ever could without getting frustrated lol.
            Just skimmed over it, very interesting, I noticed the visual effect but I didn't know it had that much influence on the gameplay. That really is bullshit.
                There have been some heartbreaking tournament sets won/lost because of how poorly balanced rage is.

I love Smash and am beyond grateful for everything Sakurai and the dev team have given us, but I legitimately hate Smash 4. I’m so excited to play a game that actually rewards skill.
                    But rage is present in Ultimate too, isn't it?
                        Yeah, but it’s balanced better this time around. The faster pace of Ultimate and the lack of brain dead kill confirms off grabs (Thank Christ) take away half the battle to begin with though.
                            You don't know about the lack of kill confirms
                                Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
                                    Maybe it's just new combos
                        ~~According to a post from someone who's seen/played an early copy, you can actually turn it off entirely. But I don't want to make any conclusions after the whole 30% hitstun thing. Let me see if I can dig a link.~~

above isn't true, got it from the top/2nd top post on front page which has been edited as well.
                            It’s not rage, it’s a mechanic that gives you stat boosts when you’re losing and is off by default
                                Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
                        From the E3 build, I heard that its a static amount that is present over 100%, rather than scaling.
    I would agree with you on just about everything you said. Excellent summary of the game!
Bayonetta
    One major thing to mention about Bayonetta is that her being OP is not the main reason of her dislike. She's not more OP than Meta Knight, nor is she that much more OP than Melee Fox.

*However*, she is not fun to play against, especially since the solution to fighting against her is just...patience and waiting for a slip-up. That's no fun. Fox is brutal, but he's fun to fight against. Meta Knight is brutal, but he's fun to play and fun in some contexts to fight against (after they banned a lot of his plain bullshit moves).

Combine that with her being the best in the game, and that's a recipe for disaster.

Melee and Brawl both have top tiers that also are really aggravating to play against, but at least they're not the top character of each (well...we'll see if that changes for Melee...a lot of people speculate that if another Jiggs made top 8 then it would severely damage Melee's watchability).

I would even argue that Brawl IC's is *way* more unfun to watch than Bayonetta and definitely ruins the game more. But Meta Knight is such a hard counter to IC's that Meta Knight, for how OP he is, also sorta saved Brawl that way...
        Brawl would still be better if MK was gone but ICs remained. MK got like 6 stages banned and the only stages left legal were the ones the ICs could truly use to take advantage of their chaingrabs
            Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game.

Meta Knight, while broken and promoting of a system that forced so many restrictions as you mentioned, at least was interesting and cool to watch. That is, except when he was playing super campy. But even that's not as bad as the IC's infinite chain grab.
                >Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game


Only because they're bad stages were MK's autowin stages. If MK didn't get Halberd/Delfino/Rainbow Cruise banned ICs would have been fine
                    I have a feeling Rainbow Cruise would probably be banned regardless of Meta Knight's presence for being an autoscroller among other things. Halberd also has hazards, which are fairly questionable elements anyway, and Smash 4 tournaments eventually rejected Delfino as well.
                Bro MK was the camp lord, he's the reason the ledge grab limit exists. He could do like 2 invincible uairs from the ledge and regrab it and be invincible for like 90% of the time lol. He would just spam unclankable high priority aerials that came out super fast and no one could do anything about it. He'd basically gain the lead and then force people to approach his impossible to beat options.
                    Well yeah of course he was--but in a game of campiness and almost purely defensive meta, at least he was stylish...after his stupid broken techniques were banned.
                        MK is most definitely not stylish. He is fun to play as because he’s like the only super fast character. But he’s campy and lame, especially vs other high tiers who can actually fight him
                This. Especially when you consider that up to mid level, ICs are way easier to use and more frustrating to fight. Brawl would absolutely not be better off with just an MK-ban. Every objective and observable factor dictates this. 


People trash on the predecessor game while putting the new one on a pedestal, it always happens
    Ah, the Zelda effect.

EDIT: Actually, I just remembered, before BOTW wasn't it the opposite? Like, people shit on the new game and put the old one on the pedestal?
        It varies tbh, Wind Waker and Majora's Mask were initially hated and then became loved, while Twilight Princess was initially loved and became mixed. Skyward Sword was hated and has arguably become mixed, while Ocarina has remained consistently loved. BOTW is too new to really tell how public opinion will sway. Public perception of the Zelda games is really most notable for changing constantly and not making much sense.
            I believe people really loved Twilight Princess to this day, people just didn't like Ganon appearing at the end and that Wind Waker's graphics aged better.
                TP is still my favorite zelda (yes even above BotW and WW) and apparently that's a super controversial opinion lmao
                    I'm right there with you.  The story was one of my favorites and they have yet to recreate the feel of the combat in that game.  
                Meh, it's just a worse Ocarina IMO
            I'd say BotW is loved big time. Which is interesting, because it seems like Mario Odyssey is suffering Zelda cycle, where Odyssey was loved upon release and considered one of the best games of all time, but now-a-days people shifted to thinking Odyssey is weak compared to other Mario platformers, atleast in terms of 3D Mario. I've even seen many people saying Odyssey is up there with Sunshine and 3D Land as the weakest 3D Mario game.

Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.
                I think Odyssey is fantastic as long as people look at it exactly what it intended to be (a collectathon), rather than what they thought it'd be (the successor to Super Mario 64).

Odyssey isn't my favorite Mario game, but I firmly would call it "the greatest collectathon ever made". I'm just not much a fan of collectathons is all.

Additionally, while BotW was my favorite game last year (and honestly probably of all time), Odyssey had my top 2 favorite moments in any video game last year, hands down. Both had me tearing up.
                    I assume one of those moments you're referring to is the NDC Festival? ...and the second part is >!the Mario 64 throwback with Peach's Castle!<???
                        Nothing other than the NDC Festival.

No for the second one though, the second one was [everything from the Honeylune Ridge Escape sequence, including the music there, all the way to the end with Mario and Bowser and Peach and the flowers.](/spoiler)
                            I loved the NDC Festival so much....I loved the Honeylude Ridge sequence, but I didn't really like the ending cutscene with Peach, Mario, Bowser and the flowers...just felt too forced and anti-climatic after the awesome stuff happening IMHO.

P.S. Bowser's Kingdom in Odyssey has dethroned Bowser in the Sky from Mario 64 as my favorite Bowser level of all time. Oh man, super creative and the music by Koji Kondo was amazing and very Japanese-style for that level.

I'm curious....what are your top 5 favorite Mario games?

Mine are personally;

1. Super Mario Odyssey
2. Super Mario 64 = Super Mario Sunshine (My second favorite is interexchangeable between 64 and Sunshine, but I probably choose 64 over Sunshine a decent amount more consistently...but it's not uncommon for me to put Sunshine above 64 as well.)
3. Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door
4. The original Paper Mario 64

...and honorable mentions go to the Mario Galaxy games, Mario & Luigi 1 and 3, Yoshi's Island, and Super Mario RPG.

Super Mario World, Mario 3, Mario 2 USA, Mario Land 2, Mario Kart Wii, and Mario Strikers Charged are also great.

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
                                To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
                >Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.

What kind of battles? Do you mean critical reception?
            I would say fanbase perception. I've never seen much negativity directed at any Zelda game in the mainstream, the total opposite actually.
            I feel like I'm the only one who loves every Zelda game. All the one's you listed are amazing imo!
            90% of what you said could be chalked up to people who don't like the game just don't discuss it. I hated Majoras and Wind Waker when they came out, and still  do. The 3ds Majora's fixes some of the problems to me but it's still a lackluster game, I got wind waker HD for free and couldn't be bothered to play it I got bored of sailing around real quick.

&#x200B;

I remember I used to get into pretty big arguments about Wind Waker when it first came out. Now I just steer away from conversations about it.
        That's exactly how it is with zelda. New game is shit why can't it be like older game -> a year or two passes and its fondly remembered as a masterpiece. It happened to Wind Waker.
        Personally I see people worship BotW....

&#x200B;

and Mario has suffered the Zelda effect with Odyssey, because Odyssey was loved upon released, and now people say it's up there with Sunshine as the worst 3D Mario game.
            Where are you seeing that? I haven't seen that at all.
    I think this is part of it

competitively the game had three really good years where it stacked up great numbers across the board, i think a bad last year + new game has people wanting to move on 

Casually speaking the game's single player is atrocious 
    It doesn't though. It's the fact that Sakurai actively dislikes the compwtitive scene and his games show it. In ultimate his arm was definitely being bent a little but by someone.

There are a lot of people in my boat that skipped the shit games but are coming in to get a taste of ultimate because it seems promising. 
        "Shit games."

Say what you will because it doesn't fit competitive gaming, but the games were still hella fun, and good games.

Very narrowminded approach.
            What a load of crap. My entire social circle maibly play the game competitively. We don't like random tripping, or the style of play brawl promoted. Smash 4 had end lag on everything and was even balanced worse than brawl. Smash 4 took away many of the fun modes, it was lazy with its music remixes. The quality of the online play always feeling 2 gene behind. Yes, shit games. There's a lot  wrong with them.

And I can sure as hell view them from a competitive view point if that's how my circle play the game. Just because my opinion doesn't line up with yours does not mean it is narrow. 
                No, you are just very narrowminded. You are free to have an opinion, but opinions can be stupid too.
                    Sure they can but I'm not just hating on the game for the sake of hating on a game. I'm backing up my statements with valid points that pertain to why I dislike these past Smash games. You are ironically the one being narrow-minded because you think people you disagree with are wrong. Not everyone thinks "these games are hella fun." 
I see people saying things like "it's just those darn Melee players!", so I'll give you my own answer instead. 

I love both Melee and Brawl. I think both games are excellent.

Smash 4 just didn't quite live up to them for me. Not that it's a bad game, but I think it's an 8/10 game trying to follow up to 9.5/10 games.

Smash 4 was just all around lacking for me. The stages were really gimmicky, especially on Wii U. I didn't think the art style was as appealing as the other Smash games. Single player was really weak. DI was underpowered, which made the combo game feel really stale to me. Character movement just felt off - even after 1,500 hours, the controls just feel unresponsive to me, especially when compared to Melee/Brawl. The sound effects were probably at their lowest point. The new remixes just didn't reach the Melee/Brawl levels of awesome for the most part.

I think my thoughts can actually be summed up perfectly by the game's intro movie: it just doesn't have an identity. There's a fairly generic song playing over gameplay clips and trailers. I know Brawl also used gameplay and pre-existing footage, but it was also more interesting footage that was much better synched to a better song IMO. Nothing about Smash 4 is outright bad, but there is just enough lacking that I consider it a step down and probably won't be returning to it very often after Ultimate comes out. 
    >I think my thoughts can actually be summed up perfectly by the game's intro movie: it just doesn't have an identity. There's a fairly generic song playing over gameplay clips and trailers

I have heard people saying Ultimate's theme song is also generic. Would you agree?
        I think the *main arrangement* of the theme is very generic.  It’s very, *very* reminiscent of the Sm4sh theme, which itself is based on the Melee theme.

**However,** that’s entirely made up for by the other stellar arrangements of the piece.  Most notably that funkadelic menu theme.
            I strongly agree.

If I were to rank main themes for the games (excluding 64 since it doesn't really have a comparable one), it'd be:

Brawl > Melee > Smash 4 > Ultimate.

Ultimate's menu theme though, as you said, is probably my favorite one since at least Melee's.
                Melee kind of has two main themes though (the opening theme and Menu 1), both of which are remixed elsewhere in the game (opening is remixed as Menu 2 and both Multi-Man Melee themes, Menu 1 as Battlefield), though later games seem to give more attention to Menu 1. Are you referring to both of them together or just one of them in that ranking?  
Smash 64's ending theme is kind of its main theme- it's the song that represents 64 in Brawl's credits medley, an arrangement of it plays in the second half of the intro and it was remixed as Melee's FD theme and as a track in Brawl/Smash 4.
            Smash 4 was based off of Melee? Interesting, I honestly hated Smash 4's theme, yet Melee's theme song was my favorite one along with Brawl for the longest time.

Do you personally think Melee's theme is generic? The menu and also the opening theme?
        When I first heard the song in the trailer, I actually said to the rest of my viewing party that it felt a bit generic. At least, it did until they confirmed Snake and the well known "EVERYONE IS HERE" appeared on screen. After that, the music picked up dramatically, and I feel like this was actually intentional, since that *was* the shifting point in the trailer after all. So, for that, I'd say it works.

I really don't like Lifelight though. The lyrics are cheesey and don't feel as poetic as Brawl's, and they're poorly mixed in the song to boot. It doesn't really feel like the Smash Ultimate theme so much as it feels like a fan singing their own lyrics over the Smash Ultimate theme. I still wouldn't say "generic", but it did really hurt the song for me. 
            i kinda hate Lifelight on principle.  I don’t know what it is about English lyrics in my video games, but there’s only been a handful of times where it didn’t make me wince and turn down the volume— I couldn’t even sit through when Shantae did it.

but the fact that it sounds like a fan song whose lyrics were added later, which it totally does, really doesn’t help its case lol
                The only time I can remember actually preferring the english lyrics to a video game song was Simple and Clean from Kingdom Hearts. Both versions are good but the english version feels "right-er" for some reason.
                    Yeah, Simple and Clean, Snake Eater, and I guess Parappa the Rapper 1-2 are the only exceptions I can think of.  And I was on the fence hard when I first heard S&C as a yungern, I wasn’t ready for that pop

I mean, Crush 40’s aight.


                    Honestly, and I'm not trying to be misogynist, but the ones i dont line usually have one thing in common. A female singer that is trying to be solemn, and failing. The Beginners Guide ending, for example.
                        It's perfectly understandable, you probably dislike the higher pitch of the voice rather than the singer themselves. It's always been weird to me when people feel they aren't allowed to prefer one genders' singing over the other without being accused of 'misogynism'. They have different tones and pitches and at the end of the day that boils down to musical preference.
                There's not a lot of lyrical game themes I like either, but I think a few pull them off in English just fine. Sonic games can be hit or miss, but there's some solid ones like Reach for the Stars and His World. Ico also has a really nice lyrical theme called You Were There, although I think the song is much better in the context of the game. 
                    To be honest, I did love the Mario Odyssey vocal songs like Break Free and Jump Up Super Star.
                        The final boss theme was okay. This won't be popular, but I didn't think Jump Up Superstar was that good. I didn't think it was bad either, but I feel like the only appeal it had was the novelty of being the first lyrical Mario track. The song itself was super forgettable, and if it weren't the first lyrical Mario song I doubt it would be as popular.
                            Actually JUSS isn't the first lyrical Mario song...

&#x200B;

this actually is; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm\_7krlw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm_7krlw)

It also didn't become too mainstream despite being on the Wii and IIRC a pretty high selling Mario game.

However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.
                                I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
                                    Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
                                Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
                                    Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
                I honestly really liked the Japanese version of Lifelight tbh.

However, English version felt like it was trying to hard to be the Jump Up Super Star of Smash Bros.
            > it feels like a fan singing their own lyrics over the Smash Ultimate theme

Lol that's a good comparison. When I first heard the song, my first thought was "this sounds like a fan cover albeit a very good one"! I don't know if this is good or bad.
            I really like the theme and have to agree. 

The lyrics just........ruin it. Its a generic anime intro. I already have a bias against anime type stuff (thats just me) but even then I gave it an extra shot. The lyrics are just so.......meaningless. And whoever sings it sounds good, but when the lyrics are so forgettable I just tune out.

And damn the "fan putting their lyrics over the theme" is too accurate. I'm getting flashbacks to RWBY ost.
                Generic Anime Intro? I'm gonna have to use that one. That's a pretty good description. 
    oh yeah the Wii U stages are terrible
    I think I agree with most-all of this.

&#x200B;

Ultimate actually seems to have a very stylish art-style with a lot of flair and its own identity, and I just think Smash 4's art-style was bland and felt like NSMB to me.

&#x200B;

Ultimate actually has fantastic sound effects, yet Brawl and Smash 4's sounds were terrible.

&#x200B;

Smash 4's remixes were so freaking weak it wasn't even funny.

&#x200B;

I honestly don't really get why people like Smash 4 so much....roster aside, Smash 4 is probably the weakest and most lazy Smash game in just about every area...and roster is invalidated by Ultimate.

Smash 4 also took away so many cool techs that even Brawl had. It just felt Smash 4 wanted to strip away everything that was fun about Smash, and it just became a lot more linear, shallow, and monotonous to me.
        I mean. Smash 4 is more fun to play than Brawl. Like roster aside, its faster and feels smoother.
            Don't agree...Brawl has Wolf, Snake, better Dedede and Falco...far more techs, far deeper neutral game and edge guarding...etc.

Far more jab locks and resets. The characters and gameplay are FAR less linear. It just offers more possibilities than Smash 4.

Hell Brawl even has more movement options, believe it or not, especially Peach. Peach can do borderline Melee movement in Brawl.

Brawl has far more and better single player content to play through, which offers more hours of fun.
                I don't know fam. Every video I see is just chaingrabs, and meta knight. Even if it has more options, the game still looks way slower, and a characters placing seems to be placed entirely upon how they fight Meta Knight.
                    Fun-fact, Smash 4 has more landing lag and end lag with character moves than Brawl did.
                    Every time I watch Smash 4 I see Bayonetta and Witch Time...point is?

Meta Knight may be broken, but atleast he's actually really deep, technical, and has a much higher skill ceiling than Bayonetta. He's far less linear too.

Brawl may be defensive, but so is Smash 4...however, Brawl requires far more creativity and nuances with the defensive options and what-not...Smash 4 is linear and samey with defensive options.

Brawl's core gameplay definitely has much more meat to it.

Also you're judging the core gameplay mechanics based on one character that annoys you...lol

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
                In Brawl matches there are times the players are just standing around. They hit each other once and then run away. If someone dares to approach Meta Knight, they're destroyed. Brawl's meta was trash.
        Brawl's sound effects were great IMO. I like them more than Ultimate's.
            I think it depended on the Brawl sounds, but it was certainly better than Smash 4's...A lot of Brawl's sounded like wet noodles to me.

I just love Melee and Ultimate's sound effects too much, and Smash 64 has that super powerful hard hitting comic book style sound that's just so classic.

&#x200B;
                Bruh Brawl Meta Knight's sword sounds are the most satisfying a sword has ever sounded
                    I agree with that...but Ganondorf and Falcon (actual heavy hitters) sound like wet noodles so much it's crazy...

&#x200B;

but Brawl Meta Knight does have amazing sound effects, can't disagree there.
        [deleted]
            Nope, there's a lot of new sound effects, and many of them are far harder hitting and heavier.

Some characters like Marth though, has mostly Smash 4 Marth noises though.
I'll give you my reasons for dropping the game after years and never going back.

* Offers very little single player and what is there is a myriad of grinds. Not at all fun.
* What is there to grind is constant duplicates with no way to relieve it. Time waste.
* Online had no region based matchmaking and poor netcode.
* Has the most limited movement options out of any Smash Bros. to date.
* Has the highest landing lag and attack recovery out of any Smash Bros. to date.
* Has, on average, the best recoveries out of any Smash Bros. to date.
* Balanced veteran fighters by homogenization; removing their unique aspects and giving them easy throw combos.
* Balanced lots of DLC by giving them unique game mechanics, making them significantly better on average.
* Combo system revolved around linear options with no interactivity from the opponent.
* Rage messing with the knockback making attacks scale in extremes, making 0% kills possible.
* Untechable footstool and spinning animations, further limited any interactivity from opponents and had games decided based on RNG.
* Bayonetta.
    With this vast list of reasons, what are you thinking about Ultimate?
        * Significantly better movement options, attack frame data, projectiles and general speed improvements allow more complex neutral exchanges.

* Punishes shouldn't be nearly as linear now that a go-to option in grab won't net the best gains. Nerf to airdodges, escape options and recoveries whilst buffing attack data means you can cover options far more than in Smash 4.

* Untechable footstools, reeling animations, techable meteors and rage all either being removed or rendered mostly ineffective is a great thing.

* Regional matchmaking and greater variety of stage choices.

It's honestly answered most of my complaints with Smash 4.
            i honestly disagree about footstools

untechable spin was garbage but footstools/jab locks were a good thing. They weren't uninteractive in the same way dthrow > button press was. They often involved specific scenarios with items & whatnot that you had to set up, meaning you earned the interaction on two fronts

1: You actually got them in a footstool/jab lock scenario

2: You could actually perform that combo in-set when they really aren't that easy

they were hype for this and it's one of my only major gripes about Ult
    [deleted]
        I gotta agree there.
        It feels like they never touch Brawl's online mode, which was far more problematic.
    On the topic of DLC being generally better, I had been slightly concerned over how unique Ryu was in many ways, with Cloud also being given a lot to work with. Corrin was nice, with an interesting side b and an entertaining kit. Then came bayo, with her double up b,  guns she could shoot after every hit, her strange fair combo, dodging gimmick to help save her, disgusting down special, needlessly large and powerful smash attacks for a speedy character, and the most straightforwardly combo heavy playstyle in the game. Those could have been three different character's gimmicks, but she was given everything since she could be, as essentially the last dlc
    '* Has the most limited movement options out of any Smash Bros. to date.'

So tripping was better I guess
        Tripping was bad but the game had far greater movement options, had lots of character specific techniques, auto cancel projectiles and low landing aerials. It was far more engaging in neutral than Smash 4, which tries its hardest to make sure you can never express yourself.
            The primary thing I disagree with regarding, "Brawl had more movement options" is that, while true, most of those movement options were defensive in nature. So IMO most of them weren't necessarily positive, even if they were more technical and expressive.
        It's clear you didn't play brawl at any sort of competitive level. It has tons of tech including some movement options. Better than the practically 0 in smash 4
        Did you even play Brawl? It has more options than Smash 4.
            I tried to main Sonic, Ness and olimar on brawl and the only one of them with worse movement on smash4 is olimar
    Your reasons are coming from someone who plays the game competitively. I'm a casual player and I didn't find a lot wrong with Smash 4 apart from, what you've already said, the single player and online.
        Most of the opinions here that you are referencing are from competitive players.  That being said, Smash 4 wasn't a particularly good casual game either, there was not a ton of content.  

I'm mainly a 64/PM player, but I entered a couple of sm4sh tournaments.  The game just didn't appeal to me, I prefer more robust movement options and a more varied combo game. 
            I would say there was a ton of content, but just bloated with random stuff.
            > That being said, Smash 4 wasn't a particularly good casual game either, there was not a ton of content.

Gotta highly disagree there. Casual Smashers most often regard it as the best Smash game.

Having just about every character feel good to play, with such a huge roster and stage variety and musical choices and visual flair was absolutely major.

The multiplayer content was incredibly vast--not as much big singleplayer content but casual Smashers do not care about that nearly as much.
            Cool, you're a 64 player! I have seen people saying that they think even Smash 64 is better than Smash 4. WTF! Casually, definitely not. But competitively, I don't know, since you said you're mainly a 64 player, I'd like to hear your opinion on it.
                64 is actually my favorite casual Smash too. Might be nostalgia though, but I just love how the items work on it (and it's a really good selection of items), everything is so sharp and you can almost feel when items hit you, everything feels so responsive. 1P mode/BtP-BtT are also super fun. Things don't feel as lively in newer Smash games for me. I did have fun playing various hours of online multiplayer with my friends on Smash 4 3DS (don't have an Wii U), but Smash 64 has a special place on my heart.
                    Smash 64's art-style is so cool, unique, expressive, and comic booky...I love it.

&#x200B;

Smash Wii u/3DS's art-style is just so bland, flat, generic, and NSMB-like to me.

Man, I really really don't like Smash 4's art-style, definitely my least favorite out of any Smash game. Smash 64 on the other hand has a fantastic art-style that I want to see an HD remaster of tbh.
                        NSMB?
                            New Super Mario Bros style. Smash 4's art-style is very comparable to the New Super Mario Bros. art-style of Smash. It may be vibrant, but it's still soulless, cheap, plastic, and generic looking and lacks a definitive identity.
                            New Super Mario Bros., I think.
                    I can see that, but for me Smash 4 is DEFINITELY better than 64, despite its flaws. But everyone has different preferences.
Rage and other bad game flaws
Vocal minority. It's a great, well polished game that had a really fun competitive scene. It had its flaws but the only people who are really upset about them are the hardcore competitive fans.
    Cloud and Bayo's balance was a pretty big flaw. It was great right before them tho
        tbh they're balanced except at top level. Unless you're really good, Cloud gets edgeguarded like a chump, and Bayo requires you to totally rewire your brain to recover, meaning bad players will SD left and right.
            I mean cloud was definitely not balanced at a lower level lol. He was the ultimate scrub on scrub killer.
            can’t get edgeguarded if you never go offstage
            More like mid-level. Any player who can put a few dozen hours into the characters would know most of the intricacies of recovering with them. 
    I agree, I think the only issues I had with the game were emphasized when I switched between melee/pm and 4. Otherwise, I thought 4 was overall pretty good. Except smash tour. Smash run was dope though.
        > Smash run was dope though.

I disagree--to an extent. Smash Run was disappointing, but only because like 3 tweaks would've made it so damn good.

1. Encounter others in the maze.
2. Configure time spent in the maze. There were parts of the maze I never got to see even after beating it with every character because there simply wasn't enough time.
3. Configure what the final match was. 1-2 minutes of a random battle was such a lackluster payoff to such a buildup.
            That's fair criticism. I would have liked to see other players too, and some options would be pretty great. I secretly was hoping there would be a new iteration of Smash Run in Ultimate, but eh -- that's ok.
    Agreed, probably my second favorite Smash game overall. Arguably had my favorite combat in the series.

Imo It’s only real, glaring flaw was trash Single player modes. Outside of Smash Tour, none were terrible but I also didn’t really play any nearly as much as prior Smash games. It’s the only Smash I didn’t beat Classic and All Star mode with everyone.
Smash 4 gave me Mega Man. I love smash 4.
People are just tired of it.
The game is slow and campy. The strongest attack in the game is shield. You can't edge guard. You either kill off the top or build up percent and then fish for you guaranteed kill. It's not interesting.
Very very shallow single player content compared to Brawl and Melee
    It 1 to 1 has more content than Melee in all fronts except Target Smash, which is far better in Melee.  More events, more characters, more music, more stages, more variety in classic mode, more interesting all-star, more multi-man modes content, smash tour instead of adventure (both of which are repetitive and only fun 1-3 times at most), home run is slightly better, more trophies, more items, addition of custom moves, addition of custom equipment, trophy rush instead of a gachapon machine, plus challenges, Master/Crazy Orders, stage builder, and EVERY mode being co-op.
        hol up, you can't just go and replace adventure mode with smash tour!! it was linear and repetitive sure but such a different and more rewarding experience 
            Nah, Smash Tour at least has the benefit of being a board game, which means it has near-infinite variety and always ensures a unique experience.  It's just not that good of a board game as the reward is to play Smash against friends or AI which we could do without a board.  Adventure Mode is cool for a go or two, but ultimately (to me at least) became boring and a chore once you saw the very little variety it had.  Luigi was a surprise, big kirby was there sometimes, and that's about that.  Frankly, I think both are just okay time wasters at best, and I probably have played Adventure mode far more over the many years, but Smash Tour DOES have more variety and depth, even if I'm not the biggest fan of it.
The single player in Smash 4 was a huge miss. The competitive scene was fun for a few years, but unbalanced DLC and toxicity in the community has made it far less fun than it really should be. I'm sure it'll be a fun side event at smash con every year, but there's pretty much been nothing but drama since Cloud and Bayo got released.
While i enjoyed Smash 4, i gotta say it isn't as good as other titles for a number of reasons (PS: I only played the 3DS version and a little bit of the Wii U version):

* The controls on the 3DS version are awful for one single detail: Movement is restricted to the 3DS' plain joystick without an option to change it to the arrows. Said "joystick" isn't designed for fast-paced games like Smash Bros, thus it can break easily.

* Little singleplayer content. We have Classic Mode, All-Star Mode, Home-Run Contest, Trophy Rush (only new one on both, and it's a grindfest), Target Blast, Multi-Man Mode and Training Mode on both, which is kinda basic if you ask me. On 3DS we have Smash Run (basically it's the most Battle Royale Smash will ever get, one of the best modes ever, nonetheless) and StreetSmash. On Wii U we have Event Mode (why wasn't this on 3DS?), Special Orders (decent) and Smash Tour (who tf played this?).

* The custom moves/items was a good idea on paper but it wasn't that well executed. Getting these alternate moves was based on RNG (except Mii Brawlers and Palutena) and the custom equipment was all RNG based as well and wasn't something that i was interested in getting.

* Rage is broken and enabled ridiculous combos/kills. It wasn't fun to play against it.

* Some combo games were a bit absurd (Mario's uptilt for example).

* The shield game and rolling was too dominant as well.

* The new stages were a mixed bag. While some, like Gamer, Town and City and Arena Ferox were ok, others like Coliseum, Balloon Fight and Pac-Land are awful.

* Bayonetta is unfun to play against and watch.

* The worst menu in the history of Smash.
I didn’t think Smash 4 hate was particularly prevalent, but a lot of people have always complained about its neutral and ultra-safe offstage

and certain combos ^^^*HOO* ^^^*HAH* but that’s every fighting game
    For combos the problem is that they are super stale its just grab to some throw combo
Toxic community + Boring game are my personal reasons against it. 
There wasn’t much content, online sucked, and Bayonetta.
    There was more content than any other Smash game....
    Factually more content than any Smash game before it.
        Not especially. Tons of fighters with not much to do with them apart from Smash Mode.
People would put up with the things they don't like, ie rage, Bayo, airdodging, etc because they enjoy the game as a whole and there was no better option. 

It becomes easy to be brutally honest about the negative aspects of Smash 4 knowing that a new Smash is about to come out. 

The downside is that the negative sentiments about Sm4sh are extremely vocal right now. But given time I think the general  community will look back on the game fondly.
I personally believe that how it falls into the middle of Brawl and Melee was what made it feel just okay. The lack of extremes made it feel lackluster.
It screams "Smash Game" but it does not have its own identity. I still like it, but Ultimate is like everything I ever wanted.
So if I want to get Gud I got to be a shit, got it.  Not sure if your pointing something out about smash community or you actually believe that you cant play at a high level without being cringy and disrespectful. Regardless, these two qualities can exist in players by themselve there is no law of human nature that states this and If it seems like it does in the smash the community it's because nobody enforces sportsmanship. Which is what is killing it for outsiders interested in smash. 
It's not that people dislike Smash 4, far from it.

It's more that those who have grown to resent it are _far_ louder than those who are still fine with it.
Bayonetta.

Horrible Movement.

Camping.

Rage.

Ultimate seems to fix the first three problems. We still need to see how the meta will evolve but it looks ok for now.
Because it's currently trendy to nitpick the game and pretend those nitpicks are MAJOR criticisms. Remember when everyone called Brawl the worst and now it's the best?
because people are weird, and think that ultimate being good and better means smash 4 was bad. all smash 4 needed was 1-2 balance patches, because for a good year after it's last balance patch, it was the most balanced smash game. then the bayo mains re-optimised their character and started being broken again. 1-2 more resets and we'd have had a great run through to ultimate.
I think it's because the game became stale.  The same combos, and relatively lack of new techs and tech skills required killed the game.  I wish they didn't patch out things like DACUS because those things separated what made an okay player to a good player, and since there was little to learn, it got boring quick.
I hate the ledge-snap mechanic. I hate the multiple air-dodges. I hate that you can't edge-guard.
    By edgeguard, do you mean hanging on the edge so the other person can't? Because that always seemed lame and unfair to me. The ledge trumping mechanic was definitely z good thing in my opinion.
        Edge guarding is preventing people from recovering to the stage or ledge
            So why can't you do that anymore?
                On Smash 4 you could just ledge trump but in previous games there was no trumping and if you tried to grab ledge while somebody was on it you just fall to your death
                    Yeah, that's what I meant too. There's absolutely nothing you can do about that, so it seems more fair to have ledge trumping. It's one of the features in Smash 4 that I really liked.
Just salty people being salty.  
The people that hated Brawl were doing the same routine pre-SM4SH  
The general public & casual smash players enjoyed it, but melee is just the classic. I know lots of people who like smash 4 but prefer melee 
It’s a fine game. It’s just been 4 years and balance patches ended a long time ago and people are sick of the same combos, setups, etc.

Everyone likes to throw Bayonetta under the bus but other characters killed the spark in the game too. 
1. The more casual friendly features of the game are mediocre to say the least. No story mode because "muh cutscenes", break the targets changed to be angry birds, and customs locked behind tedious grinding.


2. Less than stellar balancing of the roster.


3. Game Design for DLC characters seem separated from the base game. The initial 50 characters have trouble getting a 2 hit "combo" in, but Bayo, Cloud, and Roy (kinda) are designed as if they belong in an actual fighting game since they have follow ups. Though some exceptions like Mario and Diddy are still there.


4. Doesn't help that they charge $5 for Mewtwo, Lucas, and Roy. It's incredibly scummy to remove characters people liked off the roster and sell them back as DLC. That's EA levels of ripping off.


5. You're punished for being aggressive. Shields and rolls force every game to be a battle of guessing instead of actual player skill.


6. Movement is awful. It feels like there's unnecessary amounts of endlag on literally everything. It takes an eternity to K.O. someone because everything is unsafe and recoveries are insane.


7. Sound design is lazy, though this is just a sound design flaw instead of gameplay. Character voices and themes are reused from Brawl. Remixes are just different songs mashed together like the Xenoblade medley instead of being actual remixes like Mila's Divine Protection and the Temple theme, both from Brawl and Melee respectively.


8. Combos are non-existent. Grab into f-air is the best most characters can do. Watching a Cloud do 7 up-airs or a Mario grabbing into a million up-tilts becomes boring after the 200th viewing.


8ε. As a addition to the previous note, it makes Smash 4 a boring game to spectate. An opinion a lot of people share as Sm4sh streams barely get a third of Melee streams. People can't take a game seriously if it has the competitive depth and speed of Mario Party. Nobody likes seeing it go from NEUTRAL > HIT > NEUTRAL > HIT > NEUTRAL multiple times.


Sm4sh isn't just a bad Smash game, it's a terrible game all around.
    With all due respect, I'm gonna highly disagree with most of those.

1. Singleplayer and cutscenes aren't what amount to the casual features. The core of the casual features are the roster, stage list, items, and presentation. All of which are excellent.
2. It's the most balanced Smash game, *even* with Bayonetta. A bigger proportion of its cast is competitively viable than any other Smash game, and even the lowest tiers feel fun to play in casual play (that's one of my biggest gripes with Brawl--a lot of its bottom characters feel plain unfun, but in Smash 4 I still have a blast playing as Dorf).
3. While that applies to Bayo and Cloud, it doesn't to the majority of DLC characters.
4. What? They were finished after the initial game was done! They didn't remove them and expect it to be the same price--they added tons of other characters and added legacy ones later. Which is incredibly common for fighting games.
5. It's still about skill, even if it's defensive skill, at that point. And until the top level, you can still be heavily rewarded for aggressive play in most situations.
6. Before Ultimate, it's probably second to most versatile movement options in a Smash game. And even the game with the slowest movement, Brawl, is still solid movement for a video game.
7. Yes but they also added a ridiculous amount. Your point amount remixes is kinda bullshit too...since Xenoblade's is quite possibly the only one like that.
8. Will give you that.

>An opinion a lot of people share as Sm4sh streams barely get a third of Melee streams.

False until the big Bayo invasion.

>People can't take a game seriously if it has the competitive depth and speed of Mario Party

Hyperbole

>With all that said, Sm4sh isn't just a bad Smash game, it's an terrible game all around.

OK that's just bullshit hyperbole, especially considering Sm4sh was arguably the best video game of 2014 (though to be fair, it was a slow year).
    Fun-fact; ZeRo says Smash 4 is the worst competitive Smash game, and called it a clusterfuck, and he'd gladly rather play Brawl competitively than Smash 4.
        So I watched the stream when he said that, and while I greatly respect his skill and thoughts on Smash, I highly disagree with him about that comparison.

Yeah, Smash 4 had less movement options. Yeah, Smash 4 had Bayonetta. But at the same time, there's a lot of forgetfullness at how much of a clusterfuck Brawl was too.

- While Smash 4 had less options, most of Brawl's extra options were defensively focused, which IMO makes for a much worse game loop, even if the player expression is better. Yeah Smash 4 was defensive, but aside from that BS Bayonetta stall at EVO, Smash 4 never had the issue that Brawl *frequently* had, where a minute would go by with players barely hitting each other at all (which actually happened at Brawl's final Apex GFs).
- Remember how many stages had to be banned *solely* because of ICs or Meta Knight?
- Remember how many exploits and techniques in the game needed to be banned for it to be at all playable competitively?
- Remember how ICs was even more annoying to fight than Bayonetta, and the only reason ICs didn't ruin the game was because Meta Knight hard countered ICs?
- Remember hitstun cancelling?
- Remember how, even after banning multiple Meta Knight techniques, he was *still* way OP?

Smash Bros. Brawl was such a clusterfuck of a competitive game that it had to be shoehorned into one. Even if Smash 4 had problems, it never had to be shoehorned in to work.
            I still look fondly back on what I played with competitive Brawl but honestly I don't see myself going back to it over Smash 4/PM at this point if I were to go back to something. I'll probably go back to it more casually than Smash 4 just for some missing content like Subspace when Ultimate drops but trying to play it competitively? Not likely if people learning D3's stand grab on Lucario along with Brawl Ice Climbers being the most unfun character I've played against in all of smash history and some other issues. I'd go back to it over 64 and sometime over melee depending on my mood but meh. 

&#x200B;
        As good as he is as a player, I strongly disagree with the playing Brawl over Smash 4 comp part.

I wonder if him maining metaknight clouds his judgement looking back on it, there are a lot of things that I found to not age well in retrospect.

Planking, Scrooging, Ice Climbers, infinites/CGs in general, worse balance.

I can see someone more in tech liking it more but there are a lot of things I don't think people would enjoy in this day and age if it existed in a newer title.
Most of that is recent and it's just the recent EVO fiasco plus people finally feeling safe enough to voice what frustrations about the game there is now that Ultimate is coming.

That said, except for the "melee purists" from what I can tell it's generally agreed that this one's the best in terms of main gameplay. (terrible singleplayer tho)
I like how the past few weeks Zer0 has been saying how bad 4 is. Bro, you were known as the unanimous best player of this game. You probably have thousands of hours in it. Was it all for money, then? 
    I think ZeRo is expressing his thoughts on the current state of the game. Smash 4 only had a year and a half of support, and was left in a really awkward state after it was dropped. Coupled with the already existing problems like limited movement options, rage being unpolished, and releasing far too late on a console that was beyond saving, Many Smash 4 players agree that the game has stagnated because of this, it's time for a better, more refined sequel, which is what Ultimate brings. 
Recency Bias. Shitting on the last game while praising the new one. Happens with a lot of games/media like what the creator of Fable did.

It's still my favorite game moving into Ultimate, which tbh on impressions looks like an improvement over Smash 4 likely due to it being built from it and improved upon what people wanted changed with a ton of more content.

Biggest issue I got is the lack of an adventure mode and Smash tour being a tad weak of a mode but overall I love it more than any other title in the series. 

Even going further, I don't think any smash game is bad either, weakest would be smash 64 for me, but I think the series is solid as a whole. 
For some reason people in the Smash community always seem to pick one game they like and then shit on all the other ones. I personally like them all, besides Smash 64 is little janky for me. But Smash 4 is my favorite, Ive played hundreds of hours of it and had a blast.
Because it isn’t melee
    This. People have such a hard time accepting that everyone has moved on to newer entries they they shit on anything non melee related. 

I fully expect to be downvoted to oblivion for criticizing glorious melee.
        You could listen to the complaints and understand why people have issues with the game rather than dismissing any potential critism by targeting a group of people that aren't even here.
            I understand the complaints and its fine if they dont like the new games, but they dont need to act like children and flame anything that isnt melee. Dont defend that kind of behavior.
        [deleted]
            How can Melee players be bad if nobody plays Melee 🤔🤔🤔
Yeah I read into the article, after my initial comment. No offense but the American smash community is fucken disrespectful  sometimes, it's not the worst out there but it's still worth noting how rude the community can be. Regardless, I believe the players were dicking around and being overly friendly in their match prior. 
Really OP and spammy defensive options
From outside the Smash community, this has been probably the least popular smash. Most people I know who skipped this one (including myself for a large portion of it) include the awkward additions to the roster, the paid DLC, the new gimmick of custom moves being one of the key commercial selling points, the fact it came out on the worst nintendo system, adapters were needed to keep playing gamecube controllers -- it seemed like the best time to let Smash go for a while. Other people have summed up why those who did invest themselves into the game initially may have disliked it after time.
    \>Worst Nintendo system

\>Not the Virtual Boy
I think if I were to make a list of favorite Smash games it'd probably be something like;

Melee > Brawl > Smash 64 >>>>> Smash 4

Though if we're including mods, it'd probably be;

Melee > Legacy XP = Legacy TE > Project M > 4xM > Brawl > Smash 64 >>>>> Smash 4

&#x200B;

(Ultimate might be up there with the top 3 though...the game looks fantastic.)

Yes Smash 4 is absolute bottom to me. It's the most shallow and clusterfuck in gameplay, it's got the worst single player content, sound effects...etc...the art-style is very bland and NSMB-like. It has the most linear and repetitive play-styles and even more randomized gameplay than Brawl. Smash 4 even removed all kinds of genuinely cool techs from Brawl like DACUS, glide tossing, ledge canceling etc...

I honestly see it as the NSMB of Smash. It just didn't push or stand out from Smash in anyway, outside of roster size, which Ultimate invalidates...so that pro is gone too.

There's like no identity to this game, and there's a lot of wasted potential.

I honestly don't see why it gets so much praise...it's honestly a big disappointment to me.

All the Smash games were revolutionary relative to their franchise and had something to stand out, even with Ultimate here, meanwhile Smash 4 has nothing, besides maybe Master Core.
    > and even more randomized gameplay than Brawl.

I'm not sure if this is true at all...there's like one or two factors (like G&W hammer) that are random that Brawl has too, and then Brawl has tripping as well.
Bayonetta

And the overabundance of throw combos
For me personally, I don't think the game is bad, I just got super bored with it as the years went on. There was no story campaign, I had unlocked every stage and character on day one, and I played it to the point where it became dry. I'm hoping Ultimate is the breath of fresh air that I've been searching for for the past 4 years
Smash 4 i believe is a great game but Ultimate looks like it offers a better experience both casually and competitively, and better single player modes to boot.
It just seemed like an off game to me. The 3DS limiting the Wii U version kinda made both feel like their full potential wasn't reached, the theme song felt really generic, the game was really gimmicky (from Smash Run/Tour, to "Master Core", to the Mii Fighters, to the custom equipment), it didn't have a good name, and it was on a dead console.
I hated the mechanics and physic: 
2 stock,  rage and stupid 50/50 kill confirm or kindap kills
Rage and the stupid airdodges are what I hate about it.
2017 smash 4 was great. 2018 was horid with zero retiring, nairo havin a bad streak, bayos dominating, and were just getting out of that so it feels worse than it really was as a whole
there's no single player content and honestly it's not that fun of a game 1v1. 

&#x200B;

people always complain melees tourney scene lacks viable characters / variety but honestly smash 4s is barely better and it's less fun to watch since there's less options.

&#x200B;

it's fine w/ 8 player smash and items tho. 
Roll spamming. Running up and shielding. Unfinished characters. Overpowered characters. Bayonetta. 
[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVAJxe7i5cE) by RelaxAlax pretty much sums it up for me. In the video, he goes over the whole game; The characters, the menu, the modes, etc.

In case you don't have the time, or just don't care to watch it, here's my takeaway.

Smash 4 was boring. The gameplay, the sound effects, the music, the general feel of it all was just sooooooooo...

*meh.*

&nbsp;

Even though I respect and appreciate all the effort that went into Smash 4...

I personally **hated** it, and it took me nearly two years to admit that to myself.

Once again, Smash 4 **is not** a bad game by any means, it's just that if you were to make a Smash game that was catered *against* me personally in *every way,* you would have Smash 4.

Everything just pissed me off.

Rage - A mechanic that from what I understood was supposed to *help* those who were lagging behind in matches - ended up just sealing my fate even further, making me feel even more helpless because I was never good at securing KOs. That was *really* frustrating.

One day, I got tiered of losing, so I decided to start playing higher-tier characters. I won almost every match I played with ZSS and Sonic. That was just boring. 

There was just no fun. Both wins and losses just felt *handed* to me. 

&nbsp;

If you like the game, then great! I'm always glad to see someone enjoying something that's not murder.

And hey, a lot of this was my fault. I shouldn't have tried to be something I wasn't. I was shit at Smash, and I wasn't motivated enough to get better. I should have just accepted that, and played more casual matches or something. Also it was a hard time in my life, so that probably had something to do with it.
Well Wii U and 3DS having different stages and fun game modes didn't help. I enjoyed Smash 4 personal but I can see why its hated. It was mostly because of the DLC unbalances, lack of begin able to play certain stages, the custom related game modes such as Smash Run or Smash Tour, and stage builder still having generic things. Probably more but that's what i've heard
Really? I haven't heard any hate towards it.
Smash 4 is the only Smash Bros, game that has been made almost 100% obsolete.  Smash Ultimate is going to have nearly all of its features and more, but better.
    *cough* 64 *cough*
        [This is you.](http://wiki.dominionstrategy.com/images/2/29/GraverobberArt.jpg)
It's the best Smash besides Ultimate imo. Just feels the smoothest to me and it has a lot of characters I really like. 
It's mostly Melee players who don't. Let's be honest. Like, I love the Melee scene, but some people are annoyingly ignorant.
    There are a lot of us smash 4 players who are ready to say goodnight.
    You're wrong. Smash 4 top players have been shitting on the game since evo nonstop. Zero even said smash 4 was the worst competitive smash game 
        Link?
            https://clips.twitch.tv/CloudyBraveMushroomBloodTrail I think this is what he's referring to. 
                Yes
    Most Melee players don't even care about newer games though to bother going out of their way to shit on them, Melee and [modern smash] are essentially different games with barely-overlapping communities that just share the "Smash" genre. If you're talking about trolls baiting in the bottom of Smash 4 threads then Melee has also the same problem in the other way around, you'll always have those people and the whole community shouldn't be blamed for it.

Most of the issues are within Smash 4 scene itself, it has been in quite some turmoil for the past couple years for various reasons (Bayonetta, ban discussions, tension with illuminati TOs, EVO 2018, etc I don't even remember anymore since I haven't been following the scene for a while) and been in a downwards slope due to general stagnation of the game. And with the announcement of Ultimate people just shat on it harder instead of trying to improve things since supposedly the new game will fix everything. Those issues will probably resurface in Ultimate at some point since it's basically the same community (and the same community that will probably keep blaming "le irrelevant 17 year old game xd").

edit: the comments in this thread is a good example of the "Melee vs. [modern smash]" sentiment that a lot of Smash 4 players have for some reason, when OP never mentioned Melee at all. I don't like blaming whole communities but this sentiment seems a lot more prevalent in the Smash 4 community and it kinda bothers me. Stop blaming different scenes for your own problems.
    This 
    Nerds.
I think it's mostly a meta at the top level that rewards camping (top player opinions have a disproportionate impact on the community) and a lack of balance patches for the broken dlc characters (invalidating most of the roster) on the competitive side.

And then on the casual side, smash4 wiiU's single player is the worst in the series imo. The online is laggy too, so local multi is basically all the game is good for. That's pretty lame!

  


Also, a lot of people (me included) think the wii u is a pos, and smash (warts and all) is the only think stopping us from never having to look at it again. So there's that
    Lol why do people think the Wii U is a POS? I had a ton of fun with it and still play it quite regularly besides the Switch, the Wii U had a lot of great games and I also liked how the Gamepad felt (it feels much more comfortable in my hands than the Joy-Con imo).
        I can hopefully answer that one. I hated the Wii U. Game releases were *painfully* slow for the first few years. The OS is really slow and clunky. VC was handled really poorly on Wii U, as games were slowly trickled out, the library had less console variety than the Wii, and the emulation was completely inferior to the Wii on the majority of the titles. And the controversial opinion, but the library really isn't even that good looking back. I really can't think of any Wii U games that stand out to me - Woolly World is fine but can't hold a candle to the original Yoshi's Island and had a 3DS port, BotW plays better on Switch, Hyrule Warriors got a 3DS port with more content (and ironically enough actually ran better on New 3DS models), Mario 3D World was fine but nothing spectacular, Wind Waker HD really botched the art style that made the original Wind Waker look so nice, and I had another comment going over why I didn't like Smash 4. The only impressive exclusives, IMO, were Splatoon (which I personally didn't enjoy at all, though I acknowledge it as a well made game) and Super Mario Maker. It's the most skippable Nintendo console, and I think that's what really gives me so much distaste for it. 
        i never got one so i cant really speak to it, but sales wise the wii u did terribly. worst selling nintendo console of all time
            *Second worst selling Nintendo console of all time.

Worst was the Virtual Boy.
            That's true, but bad sales doesn't inherently mean that the console as a whole was bad. But then again, people have different preferences. For me, the only important thing in a console are the games and the Wii U had great games, so it was worth it to me! But I can understand why others didn't.
From someone who really enjoyed the game for most of it's life cycle, Bayonetta, Fox, and Cloud completely took out the fun I had from the game. Plus I like to play offensively, and for a while I mostly made it work, rage eventually made it impossible. Nothing is more infuriating than having a 100+ percent lead and getting reversed off one read, losing the game.

And when the majority of people play these characters in my region, I lost all passion to continue playing it competitively. It also didn't help that Rage made my character even worse (sheik) so Im lightweight, have no kill options, easily janked out by rage, and if I have rage my follow ups no longer work.

I love the game for what it's worth, but Smash 4 promoted degenerate gameplay, and that is not fun for me.
I never had interest in Smash 4, even though I had a 3DS, just due to a lack of interesting single player content.
people are fickle lol
From day one we could all see that the gameplay mechanics had some huge problems. A lot of us tried to like it, we really did. It just didn’t happen. 
Cause it sucks 4Head
There’s 2 major kinds of Smash players. Melee players, and modern players. The modern players are moving on the next entry because nobody’s going to watch Smash 4 when there’s a faster and more technical version of the game. And the Melee players are able to play Melee because spectators like watching an even more fast, technical, and glitchy version of the game.
    I have to disagree when you say tha melee is more glitchy, there may have been more glitches, but they barely affected competitive play if at all (unless you think wavedashing is a glitch).
        It was just a generalization of what a spectator might see. Objectively, wave dashing isn’t a glitch, it was left in because the dev team thought nothing unintentional would happen.
Because the Wii U was trash.
[B A Y O N E T T A](https://youtu.be/3GSooo_dfzg?t=44)

I don't think that Smash 4 is disliked so much as Ultimate is everything Smash 4 is done better and with more stuff. The knowledge of its existence makes Smash 4 look terrible. Brawl has subspace, Melee has melee movement options/adventure mode and Smash 4 has stage builder. Smash 4 largely loses out here, even though Brawl by in large still is agreed upon to be the worst mechanically. It's also been a good while since brawl so more nostalgia. 
Because it's balanced like ass (Holy fuck, I'd go so far as to say that Bayo is worse than Brawl MK. Her and Cloud made me drop this game like a brick. I had enough of entering a match knowing that I was going to lose no matter what the fuck I did. I could rant all fucking day long about these two characters but I don't want to waste my time), has a total lack of a halfway decent singleplayer and even though the online is improved over Brawl, it's still nowhere near what it should be. 

I fear that they're going to make the same fucking mistakes with Ultimate. Bayonetta was designed like she came out of a different game, thus it's impossible to nerf her into a balanced state. There's one way to cure that shit and that's deleting her entirely.
I can’t stand the game anymore. I used to love it but now that I see Ultimate I have realized how much I really hated 4. 

Some characters, Palutena, I really enjoyed, Palutena, feel hella clunky and have moves that straight up don’t function while other characters don’t have a single bad move in their kit. 

Accidental footstools are cancer, which still exist sadly but don’t seem as prevalent. Lylat is cancer. Half the tournament goers just play Cloud because the character they liked isn’t good enough. Evo happened. 

This is only the tip of the iceberg. People can like Smash 4, I used to think I did too, but I get angry just seeing the gameplay now compared to Ultimate. 


[deleted]
    Lol why? I had a ton of fun with it and still play it quite regularly besides the Switch, the Wii U had a lot of great games and I also liked how the Gamepad felt (it feels much more comfortable in my hands than the Joy-Con imo).
Rencency bias.It's cool to shit on the older installment when the new one comes out. Also Melee players.In my opinion smash 4 will be the second best smash game, Smash Ultimate will be the best. It goes like

1 Ultimate

2 Sm4sh

3 Melee

4 Brawl

5 64

Edit:the good ol downvote circlejerk proving my point.


    I'm down voting you for complaining about being down voted. have a nice evening
        Last time I checked, the downvote system Is used for comments irrelevant to the topic, which is why I made that comment, people are downvoting opposing opinions.Nothing I said was out of topic, but if it makes you feel cool about yourself to use the system unironically, then downvote away.
    I agree with your ranking. I may even put brawl below 64 just because I feel 64 has more value, being the beginning of the series.

Edit: also you're probably being down voted just for saying "melee players"
Brawl had trash gameplay but brought the content
Smash 4 had trash gameplay and the content wasn't really better than Brawl in any way

Most of the Brawl babies just want that content, and Smash 4 didn't really deliver.
it's the worst game ever made
People are dumb I guess. They leave the old one they spent years with when the new one comes along
Because nostalgiafags can’t get over their boners of Melee, even though Sm4sh is better in so many ways. 
I don't follow Smash competitive, what happened at last Evo?
    [This Twin Galaxies writeup](https://www.twingalaxies.com/feed_details.php/2609/the-super-smash-bros-for-wii-u-evo-2018-grand-finals-were-the-ultimate-disappointment) is pretty good. tl;dr: Bayo ditto in the Grand Finals, audience booing the players, players insulting the audience and stalling, all-around mess.
        They should just kick ass hat players like that out and ban them from future competition scenes. 
            The crowd shares some of the blame. We can hold the players to a higher standard, but it's understandable that they might react badly to an overwhelmingly bad crowd reaction.
                Keep in mind too this is likely not the first time they've been treated this way, Bayo players get a lot of hate.
                    Not even close to the first time; CaptainZack, Lima and Mistake all got tons of hate for a while.
                        If I was in the same position, I'd honestly probably do the same thing. The way people treat Bayo players is disgusting, so fuck em. 
                            to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
                            Yes fuck the bayo players
                The crowd has zero blame. In any professional sport you don’t just spot the opponent a goal. This is a major tourney. I can’t even imagine someone turning over a ball and the other team just gives it back.

Edit: Downvoted? They trolled a match, broke competition rules, and flipped off the crowd but they shouldn’t be annoyed? Classic.
                    I would agree but both captain Zack and Lima ( he two bayo players) are just kids and get soo much flack from the community for their character choice. They've been treated poorly by the community for months, getting boo'd when they come on stage, people complain when they win, people sending death threats directly to them on Twitter. And it's not like they were sponsored players at the time, so I wouldn't say they're doing this professionally.
                        The Smash community can sometimes be so toxic. Like take a chill pill it's just a game.
                            On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
                        If they weren't top players nobody would be offering excuses. I'm not saying they're awful persons or something like that, but they should've been DQed or faced some kind of penalty for their behavior.
                    Competitive smash has quite a way to go before it's a football level of a competitive sport. The differences in fans and money are probably comparable to pre school football to professional football. 
                    Getting tons of hate all the time for simply playing a character in a fighting game? Not an excuse to be annoyed and act childish

Kid flips of crowd (and later causes even more trouble) because of the constant hate he gets? Perfect excuse for the crowd to be annoyed and act childish, they are not to blame.

Either no one was to blame, or both sides were to blame, because neither side acted better than the other, but also had their reasons. It was understandable, but they shouldn't have harassed others over their annoyances, because we can clearly see that it just causes a shitshow.
                        Yeah people assume I’m saying the kid did something wrong because I defended the crowd. He shouldn’t flip people off but at sporting events people boo. It happens. I saw people raging on reddit over people booing at a League of Legends match. They booed because it was a rival team. No one got that and called the crowd dicks for not cheering everyone.
                People boo professional sports players all the time. If one of them flipped of the crowd they would be penalized financially or through suspensions immediately 
                Love how people push esports to be equal to regular sports and then day things like this. How does the crowd act in real sports? What happens when players respond like that? 
They get suspended without pay. Toughen up.
                    Incomparable, dont kid yourself.
            At least one of them quit singles tourneys, but I guess it doesn't really matter since the Sm4sh Comp scene will die after Ultimate releases.
                Wait who quit? Zach or lima?
                    Zacc, the man who is not a snacc.
            That's great if you have no interest in seeing high quality play
            I’ve been saying this and i get downvoted to hell. I’m glad you have 72 upvotes 
                Its relevant I guess
        seems like they should just ban bayonetta and her 0-death combo bullshit
        Why is Bayo even legal in these kinds of tournaments?
            Because the smash community is stubborn to the point of self destruction.

Brawl had metaknight dominating almost every single tournament and every high level player had a "pocket metaknight" and yet TOs never managed to unanimously agree.

Same shit with Bayonetta. 
                Lol this is absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they all agree on that Bayo should be banned? If she's that OP, it just takes out the fun for everyone.
                    ~~Because moronic conspiracy theories made it look like hating on her was cool, and by the time it became obvious it wasn't just a few rowdy haters there were too many people who enjoyed playing her so the debate went on and on. It was a backlash to hateful backlash that spiralled outta control because a few people couldn't accept that the active and modern Nintendo fandom had more say than Smash-core fan-polling suggested. Resulting in an ironic situation where her own haters were her biggest asset, which kinda suits her.~~

Who knows? I am sure it was sociologically interesting.
                        Lol no wonder the Smash community gets made fun off by other fighting game communities.
                From what I heard, Meta Knight was banned for some time, but apparently a ton of people would just not go to tourneys because they only enjoyed Meta Knight.

Regarding Bayo, people were stubborn due to there not being overwhelming evidence of her being OP, by the time people started to agree, Ultimate's release was on the horizon and pushing for it now would be a waste of energy and time.
                    Did Nintendo just not patch Bayo? Sometimes they act like they stick their head in the sand. 
                        Bayo was way worse when she just released. She got a few changes at first (which also nerfed Corrin and Cloud), then there was a patch that was dedicated to just changing her (this was the final balance patch, from May 2016). 

People took a loooong time to figure out how to play her afterwards. The second rise of Bayo could be attributed to Salem and Mistake, then more people started using her, like Abadango and Tweek.
            [deleted]
                Well, not anymore in ultimate. I hope there are no super top tiers in ultimate. Ultimate would be alot more interesting if we see diversity in tournament winners and characters.
        Ouch.
    The final tournament or something ended with the 2 guys outright not playing and just talking to each other casually. Someone who worked there told them they had to play
        Loooool WTF
    Oh dude, the grand finals were so weird. For context, it was the very first Smash 4 competitive match I was watching. Until then I’d only been somewhat aware of the Melee competitive scene. I tuned in for this match because I was trying to get more into the competitive scene before Ultimate came around. 
 
And the match starts, it’s ditto Bayonetta, and neither player seemed to be taking it seriously at all. They also seemed to be purposely trying to piss off the audience. Not to mention, I love Bayo games, but inside of Smash 4 her moveset is just so ridiculous and OP that it’s not much fun to watch. So that didn’t help. I was almost permanently turned off Smash as a competitive sport. 
 
Thank god Youtube recommended a bunch of other incredible tournament videos before I closed the tab. 
        Spent 2 hours watching this today, totally worth. Great games.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwuTDZ7mW2I
        Lol that sounds terrible. I know that Bayonetta is very hated amongst this community because she's extremely OP (even more than Meta Knight in Brawl?). But one thing I never understood is why didn't she get banned at Evo? Didn't Meta Knight get banned? So why not her?
            Meta Knight did get banned for some time, and it pretty much ruined brawls competitive scene. Since half of everyone main was meta knight, half of the player base left. Imagine if your character that you liked got banned, you would probably stop playing. Eventually meta knight was unbanned, but the scene was pretty much already over.
                Lol I think the fact that half of everyone's main was Meta Knight tells you everything about the skill of those people. 
                    Well actually metaknight and brawl in general took more skill to learn and be good at then smash 4 did which is one reason why upsets are more common in smash 4. Plus most top metaknight players in brawl are also top players in other smash games (mew2king is a melee god, and ZeRo and nairo are top smash 4 players. Those are just some examples)
                        Oh ok, thanks for clarifying!
            Not more op than brawl metaknight it's just that most smash 4 players want to complain instead of learning how to do certain things. In smash ultimate palutena's guidance for bayonetta even references the "just sdi" meme and someone even mentioned that they see clouds get gimped more often on nairo's streams than in actual tournament sets. 
    Captain zack and Lima stalled on gf main stage. Captain zack also threw a hissy fit and flipped off the crowd for booing him
What about the stages that were left behind?

What about... Smash Run and Smash Tour? If you're into those.
I kind of called this when I saw a lot of early stuff on smash ultimate, but I did call smash ultimate more of a 4.5 than a smash 5. Main reason being not because they built it off smash 4, but more so it built up from it to include what was missed.

So a revisit would be unlikely when Ultimate comes out but I will love it the same for what it gave me. 
What do you mean with "rage"? I'm not into competitive.
    [This article](https://www.ssbwiki.com/rage) explains it better than I ever could without getting frustrated lol.
        Just skimmed over it, very interesting, I noticed the visual effect but I didn't know it had that much influence on the gameplay. That really is bullshit.
            There have been some heartbreaking tournament sets won/lost because of how poorly balanced rage is.

I love Smash and am beyond grateful for everything Sakurai and the dev team have given us, but I legitimately hate Smash 4. I’m so excited to play a game that actually rewards skill.
                But rage is present in Ultimate too, isn't it?
                    Yeah, but it’s balanced better this time around. The faster pace of Ultimate and the lack of brain dead kill confirms off grabs (Thank Christ) take away half the battle to begin with though.
                        You don't know about the lack of kill confirms
                            Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
                                Maybe it's just new combos
                    ~~According to a post from someone who's seen/played an early copy, you can actually turn it off entirely. But I don't want to make any conclusions after the whole 30% hitstun thing. Let me see if I can dig a link.~~

above isn't true, got it from the top/2nd top post on front page which has been edited as well.
                        It’s not rage, it’s a mechanic that gives you stat boosts when you’re losing and is off by default
                            Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
                    From the E3 build, I heard that its a static amount that is present over 100%, rather than scaling.
I would agree with you on just about everything you said. Excellent summary of the game!
One major thing to mention about Bayonetta is that her being OP is not the main reason of her dislike. She's not more OP than Meta Knight, nor is she that much more OP than Melee Fox.

*However*, she is not fun to play against, especially since the solution to fighting against her is just...patience and waiting for a slip-up. That's no fun. Fox is brutal, but he's fun to fight against. Meta Knight is brutal, but he's fun to play and fun in some contexts to fight against (after they banned a lot of his plain bullshit moves).

Combine that with her being the best in the game, and that's a recipe for disaster.

Melee and Brawl both have top tiers that also are really aggravating to play against, but at least they're not the top character of each (well...we'll see if that changes for Melee...a lot of people speculate that if another Jiggs made top 8 then it would severely damage Melee's watchability).

I would even argue that Brawl IC's is *way* more unfun to watch than Bayonetta and definitely ruins the game more. But Meta Knight is such a hard counter to IC's that Meta Knight, for how OP he is, also sorta saved Brawl that way...
    Brawl would still be better if MK was gone but ICs remained. MK got like 6 stages banned and the only stages left legal were the ones the ICs could truly use to take advantage of their chaingrabs
        Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game.

Meta Knight, while broken and promoting of a system that forced so many restrictions as you mentioned, at least was interesting and cool to watch. That is, except when he was playing super campy. But even that's not as bad as the IC's infinite chain grab.
            >Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game


Only because they're bad stages were MK's autowin stages. If MK didn't get Halberd/Delfino/Rainbow Cruise banned ICs would have been fine
                I have a feeling Rainbow Cruise would probably be banned regardless of Meta Knight's presence for being an autoscroller among other things. Halberd also has hazards, which are fairly questionable elements anyway, and Smash 4 tournaments eventually rejected Delfino as well.
            Bro MK was the camp lord, he's the reason the ledge grab limit exists. He could do like 2 invincible uairs from the ledge and regrab it and be invincible for like 90% of the time lol. He would just spam unclankable high priority aerials that came out super fast and no one could do anything about it. He'd basically gain the lead and then force people to approach his impossible to beat options.
                Well yeah of course he was--but in a game of campiness and almost purely defensive meta, at least he was stylish...after his stupid broken techniques were banned.
                    MK is most definitely not stylish. He is fun to play as because he’s like the only super fast character. But he’s campy and lame, especially vs other high tiers who can actually fight him
            This. Especially when you consider that up to mid level, ICs are way easier to use and more frustrating to fight. Brawl would absolutely not be better off with just an MK-ban. Every objective and observable factor dictates this. 


Ah, the Zelda effect.

EDIT: Actually, I just remembered, before BOTW wasn't it the opposite? Like, people shit on the new game and put the old one on the pedestal?
    It varies tbh, Wind Waker and Majora's Mask were initially hated and then became loved, while Twilight Princess was initially loved and became mixed. Skyward Sword was hated and has arguably become mixed, while Ocarina has remained consistently loved. BOTW is too new to really tell how public opinion will sway. Public perception of the Zelda games is really most notable for changing constantly and not making much sense.
        I believe people really loved Twilight Princess to this day, people just didn't like Ganon appearing at the end and that Wind Waker's graphics aged better.
            TP is still my favorite zelda (yes even above BotW and WW) and apparently that's a super controversial opinion lmao
                I'm right there with you.  The story was one of my favorites and they have yet to recreate the feel of the combat in that game.  
            Meh, it's just a worse Ocarina IMO
        I'd say BotW is loved big time. Which is interesting, because it seems like Mario Odyssey is suffering Zelda cycle, where Odyssey was loved upon release and considered one of the best games of all time, but now-a-days people shifted to thinking Odyssey is weak compared to other Mario platformers, atleast in terms of 3D Mario. I've even seen many people saying Odyssey is up there with Sunshine and 3D Land as the weakest 3D Mario game.

Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.
            I think Odyssey is fantastic as long as people look at it exactly what it intended to be (a collectathon), rather than what they thought it'd be (the successor to Super Mario 64).

Odyssey isn't my favorite Mario game, but I firmly would call it "the greatest collectathon ever made". I'm just not much a fan of collectathons is all.

Additionally, while BotW was my favorite game last year (and honestly probably of all time), Odyssey had my top 2 favorite moments in any video game last year, hands down. Both had me tearing up.
                I assume one of those moments you're referring to is the NDC Festival? ...and the second part is >!the Mario 64 throwback with Peach's Castle!<???
                    Nothing other than the NDC Festival.

No for the second one though, the second one was [everything from the Honeylune Ridge Escape sequence, including the music there, all the way to the end with Mario and Bowser and Peach and the flowers.](/spoiler)
                        I loved the NDC Festival so much....I loved the Honeylude Ridge sequence, but I didn't really like the ending cutscene with Peach, Mario, Bowser and the flowers...just felt too forced and anti-climatic after the awesome stuff happening IMHO.

P.S. Bowser's Kingdom in Odyssey has dethroned Bowser in the Sky from Mario 64 as my favorite Bowser level of all time. Oh man, super creative and the music by Koji Kondo was amazing and very Japanese-style for that level.

I'm curious....what are your top 5 favorite Mario games?

Mine are personally;

1. Super Mario Odyssey
2. Super Mario 64 = Super Mario Sunshine (My second favorite is interexchangeable between 64 and Sunshine, but I probably choose 64 over Sunshine a decent amount more consistently...but it's not uncommon for me to put Sunshine above 64 as well.)
3. Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door
4. The original Paper Mario 64

...and honorable mentions go to the Mario Galaxy games, Mario & Luigi 1 and 3, Yoshi's Island, and Super Mario RPG.

Super Mario World, Mario 3, Mario 2 USA, Mario Land 2, Mario Kart Wii, and Mario Strikers Charged are also great.

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
                            To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
            >Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.

What kind of battles? Do you mean critical reception?
        I would say fanbase perception. I've never seen much negativity directed at any Zelda game in the mainstream, the total opposite actually.
        I feel like I'm the only one who loves every Zelda game. All the one's you listed are amazing imo!
        90% of what you said could be chalked up to people who don't like the game just don't discuss it. I hated Majoras and Wind Waker when they came out, and still  do. The 3ds Majora's fixes some of the problems to me but it's still a lackluster game, I got wind waker HD for free and couldn't be bothered to play it I got bored of sailing around real quick.

&#x200B;

I remember I used to get into pretty big arguments about Wind Waker when it first came out. Now I just steer away from conversations about it.
    That's exactly how it is with zelda. New game is shit why can't it be like older game -> a year or two passes and its fondly remembered as a masterpiece. It happened to Wind Waker.
    Personally I see people worship BotW....

&#x200B;

and Mario has suffered the Zelda effect with Odyssey, because Odyssey was loved upon released, and now people say it's up there with Sunshine as the worst 3D Mario game.
        Where are you seeing that? I haven't seen that at all.
I think this is part of it

competitively the game had three really good years where it stacked up great numbers across the board, i think a bad last year + new game has people wanting to move on 

Casually speaking the game's single player is atrocious 
It doesn't though. It's the fact that Sakurai actively dislikes the compwtitive scene and his games show it. In ultimate his arm was definitely being bent a little but by someone.

There are a lot of people in my boat that skipped the shit games but are coming in to get a taste of ultimate because it seems promising. 
    "Shit games."

Say what you will because it doesn't fit competitive gaming, but the games were still hella fun, and good games.

Very narrowminded approach.
        What a load of crap. My entire social circle maibly play the game competitively. We don't like random tripping, or the style of play brawl promoted. Smash 4 had end lag on everything and was even balanced worse than brawl. Smash 4 took away many of the fun modes, it was lazy with its music remixes. The quality of the online play always feeling 2 gene behind. Yes, shit games. There's a lot  wrong with them.

And I can sure as hell view them from a competitive view point if that's how my circle play the game. Just because my opinion doesn't line up with yours does not mean it is narrow. 
            No, you are just very narrowminded. You are free to have an opinion, but opinions can be stupid too.
                Sure they can but I'm not just hating on the game for the sake of hating on a game. I'm backing up my statements with valid points that pertain to why I dislike these past Smash games. You are ironically the one being narrow-minded because you think people you disagree with are wrong. Not everyone thinks "these games are hella fun." 
>I think my thoughts can actually be summed up perfectly by the game's intro movie: it just doesn't have an identity. There's a fairly generic song playing over gameplay clips and trailers

I have heard people saying Ultimate's theme song is also generic. Would you agree?
    I think the *main arrangement* of the theme is very generic.  It’s very, *very* reminiscent of the Sm4sh theme, which itself is based on the Melee theme.

**However,** that’s entirely made up for by the other stellar arrangements of the piece.  Most notably that funkadelic menu theme.
        I strongly agree.

If I were to rank main themes for the games (excluding 64 since it doesn't really have a comparable one), it'd be:

Brawl > Melee > Smash 4 > Ultimate.

Ultimate's menu theme though, as you said, is probably my favorite one since at least Melee's.
            Melee kind of has two main themes though (the opening theme and Menu 1), both of which are remixed elsewhere in the game (opening is remixed as Menu 2 and both Multi-Man Melee themes, Menu 1 as Battlefield), though later games seem to give more attention to Menu 1. Are you referring to both of them together or just one of them in that ranking?  
Smash 64's ending theme is kind of its main theme- it's the song that represents 64 in Brawl's credits medley, an arrangement of it plays in the second half of the intro and it was remixed as Melee's FD theme and as a track in Brawl/Smash 4.
        Smash 4 was based off of Melee? Interesting, I honestly hated Smash 4's theme, yet Melee's theme song was my favorite one along with Brawl for the longest time.

Do you personally think Melee's theme is generic? The menu and also the opening theme?
    When I first heard the song in the trailer, I actually said to the rest of my viewing party that it felt a bit generic. At least, it did until they confirmed Snake and the well known "EVERYONE IS HERE" appeared on screen. After that, the music picked up dramatically, and I feel like this was actually intentional, since that *was* the shifting point in the trailer after all. So, for that, I'd say it works.

I really don't like Lifelight though. The lyrics are cheesey and don't feel as poetic as Brawl's, and they're poorly mixed in the song to boot. It doesn't really feel like the Smash Ultimate theme so much as it feels like a fan singing their own lyrics over the Smash Ultimate theme. I still wouldn't say "generic", but it did really hurt the song for me. 
        i kinda hate Lifelight on principle.  I don’t know what it is about English lyrics in my video games, but there’s only been a handful of times where it didn’t make me wince and turn down the volume— I couldn’t even sit through when Shantae did it.

but the fact that it sounds like a fan song whose lyrics were added later, which it totally does, really doesn’t help its case lol
            The only time I can remember actually preferring the english lyrics to a video game song was Simple and Clean from Kingdom Hearts. Both versions are good but the english version feels "right-er" for some reason.
                Yeah, Simple and Clean, Snake Eater, and I guess Parappa the Rapper 1-2 are the only exceptions I can think of.  And I was on the fence hard when I first heard S&C as a yungern, I wasn’t ready for that pop

I mean, Crush 40’s aight.


                Honestly, and I'm not trying to be misogynist, but the ones i dont line usually have one thing in common. A female singer that is trying to be solemn, and failing. The Beginners Guide ending, for example.
                    It's perfectly understandable, you probably dislike the higher pitch of the voice rather than the singer themselves. It's always been weird to me when people feel they aren't allowed to prefer one genders' singing over the other without being accused of 'misogynism'. They have different tones and pitches and at the end of the day that boils down to musical preference.
            There's not a lot of lyrical game themes I like either, but I think a few pull them off in English just fine. Sonic games can be hit or miss, but there's some solid ones like Reach for the Stars and His World. Ico also has a really nice lyrical theme called You Were There, although I think the song is much better in the context of the game. 
                To be honest, I did love the Mario Odyssey vocal songs like Break Free and Jump Up Super Star.
                    The final boss theme was okay. This won't be popular, but I didn't think Jump Up Superstar was that good. I didn't think it was bad either, but I feel like the only appeal it had was the novelty of being the first lyrical Mario track. The song itself was super forgettable, and if it weren't the first lyrical Mario song I doubt it would be as popular.
                        Actually JUSS isn't the first lyrical Mario song...

&#x200B;

this actually is; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm\_7krlw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm_7krlw)

It also didn't become too mainstream despite being on the Wii and IIRC a pretty high selling Mario game.

However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.
                            I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
                                Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
                            Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
                                Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
            I honestly really liked the Japanese version of Lifelight tbh.

However, English version felt like it was trying to hard to be the Jump Up Super Star of Smash Bros.
        > it feels like a fan singing their own lyrics over the Smash Ultimate theme

Lol that's a good comparison. When I first heard the song, my first thought was "this sounds like a fan cover albeit a very good one"! I don't know if this is good or bad.
        I really like the theme and have to agree. 

The lyrics just........ruin it. Its a generic anime intro. I already have a bias against anime type stuff (thats just me) but even then I gave it an extra shot. The lyrics are just so.......meaningless. And whoever sings it sounds good, but when the lyrics are so forgettable I just tune out.

And damn the "fan putting their lyrics over the theme" is too accurate. I'm getting flashbacks to RWBY ost.
            Generic Anime Intro? I'm gonna have to use that one. That's a pretty good description. 
oh yeah the Wii U stages are terrible
I think I agree with most-all of this.

&#x200B;

Ultimate actually seems to have a very stylish art-style with a lot of flair and its own identity, and I just think Smash 4's art-style was bland and felt like NSMB to me.

&#x200B;

Ultimate actually has fantastic sound effects, yet Brawl and Smash 4's sounds were terrible.

&#x200B;

Smash 4's remixes were so freaking weak it wasn't even funny.

&#x200B;

I honestly don't really get why people like Smash 4 so much....roster aside, Smash 4 is probably the weakest and most lazy Smash game in just about every area...and roster is invalidated by Ultimate.

Smash 4 also took away so many cool techs that even Brawl had. It just felt Smash 4 wanted to strip away everything that was fun about Smash, and it just became a lot more linear, shallow, and monotonous to me.
    I mean. Smash 4 is more fun to play than Brawl. Like roster aside, its faster and feels smoother.
        Don't agree...Brawl has Wolf, Snake, better Dedede and Falco...far more techs, far deeper neutral game and edge guarding...etc.

Far more jab locks and resets. The characters and gameplay are FAR less linear. It just offers more possibilities than Smash 4.

Hell Brawl even has more movement options, believe it or not, especially Peach. Peach can do borderline Melee movement in Brawl.

Brawl has far more and better single player content to play through, which offers more hours of fun.
            I don't know fam. Every video I see is just chaingrabs, and meta knight. Even if it has more options, the game still looks way slower, and a characters placing seems to be placed entirely upon how they fight Meta Knight.
                Fun-fact, Smash 4 has more landing lag and end lag with character moves than Brawl did.
                Every time I watch Smash 4 I see Bayonetta and Witch Time...point is?

Meta Knight may be broken, but atleast he's actually really deep, technical, and has a much higher skill ceiling than Bayonetta. He's far less linear too.

Brawl may be defensive, but so is Smash 4...however, Brawl requires far more creativity and nuances with the defensive options and what-not...Smash 4 is linear and samey with defensive options.

Brawl's core gameplay definitely has much more meat to it.

Also you're judging the core gameplay mechanics based on one character that annoys you...lol

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
            In Brawl matches there are times the players are just standing around. They hit each other once and then run away. If someone dares to approach Meta Knight, they're destroyed. Brawl's meta was trash.
    Brawl's sound effects were great IMO. I like them more than Ultimate's.
        I think it depended on the Brawl sounds, but it was certainly better than Smash 4's...A lot of Brawl's sounded like wet noodles to me.

I just love Melee and Ultimate's sound effects too much, and Smash 64 has that super powerful hard hitting comic book style sound that's just so classic.

&#x200B;
            Bruh Brawl Meta Knight's sword sounds are the most satisfying a sword has ever sounded
                I agree with that...but Ganondorf and Falcon (actual heavy hitters) sound like wet noodles so much it's crazy...

&#x200B;

but Brawl Meta Knight does have amazing sound effects, can't disagree there.
    [deleted]
        Nope, there's a lot of new sound effects, and many of them are far harder hitting and heavier.

Some characters like Marth though, has mostly Smash 4 Marth noises though.
With this vast list of reasons, what are you thinking about Ultimate?
    * Significantly better movement options, attack frame data, projectiles and general speed improvements allow more complex neutral exchanges.

* Punishes shouldn't be nearly as linear now that a go-to option in grab won't net the best gains. Nerf to airdodges, escape options and recoveries whilst buffing attack data means you can cover options far more than in Smash 4.

* Untechable footstools, reeling animations, techable meteors and rage all either being removed or rendered mostly ineffective is a great thing.

* Regional matchmaking and greater variety of stage choices.

It's honestly answered most of my complaints with Smash 4.
        i honestly disagree about footstools

untechable spin was garbage but footstools/jab locks were a good thing. They weren't uninteractive in the same way dthrow > button press was. They often involved specific scenarios with items & whatnot that you had to set up, meaning you earned the interaction on two fronts

1: You actually got them in a footstool/jab lock scenario

2: You could actually perform that combo in-set when they really aren't that easy

they were hype for this and it's one of my only major gripes about Ult
[deleted]
    I gotta agree there.
    It feels like they never touch Brawl's online mode, which was far more problematic.
On the topic of DLC being generally better, I had been slightly concerned over how unique Ryu was in many ways, with Cloud also being given a lot to work with. Corrin was nice, with an interesting side b and an entertaining kit. Then came bayo, with her double up b,  guns she could shoot after every hit, her strange fair combo, dodging gimmick to help save her, disgusting down special, needlessly large and powerful smash attacks for a speedy character, and the most straightforwardly combo heavy playstyle in the game. Those could have been three different character's gimmicks, but she was given everything since she could be, as essentially the last dlc
'* Has the most limited movement options out of any Smash Bros. to date.'

So tripping was better I guess
    Tripping was bad but the game had far greater movement options, had lots of character specific techniques, auto cancel projectiles and low landing aerials. It was far more engaging in neutral than Smash 4, which tries its hardest to make sure you can never express yourself.
        The primary thing I disagree with regarding, "Brawl had more movement options" is that, while true, most of those movement options were defensive in nature. So IMO most of them weren't necessarily positive, even if they were more technical and expressive.
    It's clear you didn't play brawl at any sort of competitive level. It has tons of tech including some movement options. Better than the practically 0 in smash 4
    Did you even play Brawl? It has more options than Smash 4.
        I tried to main Sonic, Ness and olimar on brawl and the only one of them with worse movement on smash4 is olimar
Your reasons are coming from someone who plays the game competitively. I'm a casual player and I didn't find a lot wrong with Smash 4 apart from, what you've already said, the single player and online.
    Most of the opinions here that you are referencing are from competitive players.  That being said, Smash 4 wasn't a particularly good casual game either, there was not a ton of content.  

I'm mainly a 64/PM player, but I entered a couple of sm4sh tournaments.  The game just didn't appeal to me, I prefer more robust movement options and a more varied combo game. 
        I would say there was a ton of content, but just bloated with random stuff.
        > That being said, Smash 4 wasn't a particularly good casual game either, there was not a ton of content.

Gotta highly disagree there. Casual Smashers most often regard it as the best Smash game.

Having just about every character feel good to play, with such a huge roster and stage variety and musical choices and visual flair was absolutely major.

The multiplayer content was incredibly vast--not as much big singleplayer content but casual Smashers do not care about that nearly as much.
        Cool, you're a 64 player! I have seen people saying that they think even Smash 64 is better than Smash 4. WTF! Casually, definitely not. But competitively, I don't know, since you said you're mainly a 64 player, I'd like to hear your opinion on it.
            64 is actually my favorite casual Smash too. Might be nostalgia though, but I just love how the items work on it (and it's a really good selection of items), everything is so sharp and you can almost feel when items hit you, everything feels so responsive. 1P mode/BtP-BtT are also super fun. Things don't feel as lively in newer Smash games for me. I did have fun playing various hours of online multiplayer with my friends on Smash 4 3DS (don't have an Wii U), but Smash 64 has a special place on my heart.
                Smash 64's art-style is so cool, unique, expressive, and comic booky...I love it.

&#x200B;

Smash Wii u/3DS's art-style is just so bland, flat, generic, and NSMB-like to me.

Man, I really really don't like Smash 4's art-style, definitely my least favorite out of any Smash game. Smash 64 on the other hand has a fantastic art-style that I want to see an HD remaster of tbh.
                    NSMB?
                        New Super Mario Bros style. Smash 4's art-style is very comparable to the New Super Mario Bros. art-style of Smash. It may be vibrant, but it's still soulless, cheap, plastic, and generic looking and lacks a definitive identity.
                        New Super Mario Bros., I think.
                I can see that, but for me Smash 4 is DEFINITELY better than 64, despite its flaws. But everyone has different preferences.
Cloud and Bayo's balance was a pretty big flaw. It was great right before them tho
    tbh they're balanced except at top level. Unless you're really good, Cloud gets edgeguarded like a chump, and Bayo requires you to totally rewire your brain to recover, meaning bad players will SD left and right.
        I mean cloud was definitely not balanced at a lower level lol. He was the ultimate scrub on scrub killer.
        can’t get edgeguarded if you never go offstage
        More like mid-level. Any player who can put a few dozen hours into the characters would know most of the intricacies of recovering with them. 
I agree, I think the only issues I had with the game were emphasized when I switched between melee/pm and 4. Otherwise, I thought 4 was overall pretty good. Except smash tour. Smash run was dope though.
    > Smash run was dope though.

I disagree--to an extent. Smash Run was disappointing, but only because like 3 tweaks would've made it so damn good.

1. Encounter others in the maze.
2. Configure time spent in the maze. There were parts of the maze I never got to see even after beating it with every character because there simply wasn't enough time.
3. Configure what the final match was. 1-2 minutes of a random battle was such a lackluster payoff to such a buildup.
        That's fair criticism. I would have liked to see other players too, and some options would be pretty great. I secretly was hoping there would be a new iteration of Smash Run in Ultimate, but eh -- that's ok.
Agreed, probably my second favorite Smash game overall. Arguably had my favorite combat in the series.

Imo It’s only real, glaring flaw was trash Single player modes. Outside of Smash Tour, none were terrible but I also didn’t really play any nearly as much as prior Smash games. It’s the only Smash I didn’t beat Classic and All Star mode with everyone.
It 1 to 1 has more content than Melee in all fronts except Target Smash, which is far better in Melee.  More events, more characters, more music, more stages, more variety in classic mode, more interesting all-star, more multi-man modes content, smash tour instead of adventure (both of which are repetitive and only fun 1-3 times at most), home run is slightly better, more trophies, more items, addition of custom moves, addition of custom equipment, trophy rush instead of a gachapon machine, plus challenges, Master/Crazy Orders, stage builder, and EVERY mode being co-op.
    hol up, you can't just go and replace adventure mode with smash tour!! it was linear and repetitive sure but such a different and more rewarding experience 
        Nah, Smash Tour at least has the benefit of being a board game, which means it has near-infinite variety and always ensures a unique experience.  It's just not that good of a board game as the reward is to play Smash against friends or AI which we could do without a board.  Adventure Mode is cool for a go or two, but ultimately (to me at least) became boring and a chore once you saw the very little variety it had.  Luigi was a surprise, big kirby was there sometimes, and that's about that.  Frankly, I think both are just okay time wasters at best, and I probably have played Adventure mode far more over the many years, but Smash Tour DOES have more variety and depth, even if I'm not the biggest fan of it.
For combos the problem is that they are super stale its just grab to some throw combo
There was more content than any other Smash game....
Factually more content than any Smash game before it.
    Not especially. Tons of fighters with not much to do with them apart from Smash Mode.
By edgeguard, do you mean hanging on the edge so the other person can't? Because that always seemed lame and unfair to me. The ledge trumping mechanic was definitely z good thing in my opinion.
    Edge guarding is preventing people from recovering to the stage or ledge
        So why can't you do that anymore?
            On Smash 4 you could just ledge trump but in previous games there was no trumping and if you tried to grab ledge while somebody was on it you just fall to your death
                Yeah, that's what I meant too. There's absolutely nothing you can do about that, so it seems more fair to have ledge trumping. It's one of the features in Smash 4 that I really liked.
With all due respect, I'm gonna highly disagree with most of those.

1. Singleplayer and cutscenes aren't what amount to the casual features. The core of the casual features are the roster, stage list, items, and presentation. All of which are excellent.
2. It's the most balanced Smash game, *even* with Bayonetta. A bigger proportion of its cast is competitively viable than any other Smash game, and even the lowest tiers feel fun to play in casual play (that's one of my biggest gripes with Brawl--a lot of its bottom characters feel plain unfun, but in Smash 4 I still have a blast playing as Dorf).
3. While that applies to Bayo and Cloud, it doesn't to the majority of DLC characters.
4. What? They were finished after the initial game was done! They didn't remove them and expect it to be the same price--they added tons of other characters and added legacy ones later. Which is incredibly common for fighting games.
5. It's still about skill, even if it's defensive skill, at that point. And until the top level, you can still be heavily rewarded for aggressive play in most situations.
6. Before Ultimate, it's probably second to most versatile movement options in a Smash game. And even the game with the slowest movement, Brawl, is still solid movement for a video game.
7. Yes but they also added a ridiculous amount. Your point amount remixes is kinda bullshit too...since Xenoblade's is quite possibly the only one like that.
8. Will give you that.

>An opinion a lot of people share as Sm4sh streams barely get a third of Melee streams.

False until the big Bayo invasion.

>People can't take a game seriously if it has the competitive depth and speed of Mario Party

Hyperbole

>With all that said, Sm4sh isn't just a bad Smash game, it's an terrible game all around.

OK that's just bullshit hyperbole, especially considering Sm4sh was arguably the best video game of 2014 (though to be fair, it was a slow year).
Fun-fact; ZeRo says Smash 4 is the worst competitive Smash game, and called it a clusterfuck, and he'd gladly rather play Brawl competitively than Smash 4.
    So I watched the stream when he said that, and while I greatly respect his skill and thoughts on Smash, I highly disagree with him about that comparison.

Yeah, Smash 4 had less movement options. Yeah, Smash 4 had Bayonetta. But at the same time, there's a lot of forgetfullness at how much of a clusterfuck Brawl was too.

- While Smash 4 had less options, most of Brawl's extra options were defensively focused, which IMO makes for a much worse game loop, even if the player expression is better. Yeah Smash 4 was defensive, but aside from that BS Bayonetta stall at EVO, Smash 4 never had the issue that Brawl *frequently* had, where a minute would go by with players barely hitting each other at all (which actually happened at Brawl's final Apex GFs).
- Remember how many stages had to be banned *solely* because of ICs or Meta Knight?
- Remember how many exploits and techniques in the game needed to be banned for it to be at all playable competitively?
- Remember how ICs was even more annoying to fight than Bayonetta, and the only reason ICs didn't ruin the game was because Meta Knight hard countered ICs?
- Remember hitstun cancelling?
- Remember how, even after banning multiple Meta Knight techniques, he was *still* way OP?

Smash Bros. Brawl was such a clusterfuck of a competitive game that it had to be shoehorned into one. Even if Smash 4 had problems, it never had to be shoehorned in to work.
        I still look fondly back on what I played with competitive Brawl but honestly I don't see myself going back to it over Smash 4/PM at this point if I were to go back to something. I'll probably go back to it more casually than Smash 4 just for some missing content like Subspace when Ultimate drops but trying to play it competitively? Not likely if people learning D3's stand grab on Lucario along with Brawl Ice Climbers being the most unfun character I've played against in all of smash history and some other issues. I'd go back to it over 64 and sometime over melee depending on my mood but meh. 

&#x200B;
    As good as he is as a player, I strongly disagree with the playing Brawl over Smash 4 comp part.

I wonder if him maining metaknight clouds his judgement looking back on it, there are a lot of things that I found to not age well in retrospect.

Planking, Scrooging, Ice Climbers, infinites/CGs in general, worse balance.

I can see someone more in tech liking it more but there are a lot of things I don't think people would enjoy in this day and age if it existed in a newer title.
I think ZeRo is expressing his thoughts on the current state of the game. Smash 4 only had a year and a half of support, and was left in a really awkward state after it was dropped. Coupled with the already existing problems like limited movement options, rage being unpolished, and releasing far too late on a console that was beyond saving, Many Smash 4 players agree that the game has stagnated because of this, it's time for a better, more refined sequel, which is what Ultimate brings. 
This. People have such a hard time accepting that everyone has moved on to newer entries they they shit on anything non melee related. 

I fully expect to be downvoted to oblivion for criticizing glorious melee.
    You could listen to the complaints and understand why people have issues with the game rather than dismissing any potential critism by targeting a group of people that aren't even here.
        I understand the complaints and its fine if they dont like the new games, but they dont need to act like children and flame anything that isnt melee. Dont defend that kind of behavior.
    [deleted]
        How can Melee players be bad if nobody plays Melee 🤔🤔🤔
\>Worst Nintendo system

\>Not the Virtual Boy
> and even more randomized gameplay than Brawl.

I'm not sure if this is true at all...there's like one or two factors (like G&W hammer) that are random that Brawl has too, and then Brawl has tripping as well.
*cough* 64 *cough*
    [This is you.](http://wiki.dominionstrategy.com/images/2/29/GraverobberArt.jpg)
There are a lot of us smash 4 players who are ready to say goodnight.
You're wrong. Smash 4 top players have been shitting on the game since evo nonstop. Zero even said smash 4 was the worst competitive smash game 
    Link?
        https://clips.twitch.tv/CloudyBraveMushroomBloodTrail I think this is what he's referring to. 
            Yes
Most Melee players don't even care about newer games though to bother going out of their way to shit on them, Melee and [modern smash] are essentially different games with barely-overlapping communities that just share the "Smash" genre. If you're talking about trolls baiting in the bottom of Smash 4 threads then Melee has also the same problem in the other way around, you'll always have those people and the whole community shouldn't be blamed for it.

Most of the issues are within Smash 4 scene itself, it has been in quite some turmoil for the past couple years for various reasons (Bayonetta, ban discussions, tension with illuminati TOs, EVO 2018, etc I don't even remember anymore since I haven't been following the scene for a while) and been in a downwards slope due to general stagnation of the game. And with the announcement of Ultimate people just shat on it harder instead of trying to improve things since supposedly the new game will fix everything. Those issues will probably resurface in Ultimate at some point since it's basically the same community (and the same community that will probably keep blaming "le irrelevant 17 year old game xd").

edit: the comments in this thread is a good example of the "Melee vs. [modern smash]" sentiment that a lot of Smash 4 players have for some reason, when OP never mentioned Melee at all. I don't like blaming whole communities but this sentiment seems a lot more prevalent in the Smash 4 community and it kinda bothers me. Stop blaming different scenes for your own problems.
This 
Nerds.
Lol why do people think the Wii U is a POS? I had a ton of fun with it and still play it quite regularly besides the Switch, the Wii U had a lot of great games and I also liked how the Gamepad felt (it feels much more comfortable in my hands than the Joy-Con imo).
    I can hopefully answer that one. I hated the Wii U. Game releases were *painfully* slow for the first few years. The OS is really slow and clunky. VC was handled really poorly on Wii U, as games were slowly trickled out, the library had less console variety than the Wii, and the emulation was completely inferior to the Wii on the majority of the titles. And the controversial opinion, but the library really isn't even that good looking back. I really can't think of any Wii U games that stand out to me - Woolly World is fine but can't hold a candle to the original Yoshi's Island and had a 3DS port, BotW plays better on Switch, Hyrule Warriors got a 3DS port with more content (and ironically enough actually ran better on New 3DS models), Mario 3D World was fine but nothing spectacular, Wind Waker HD really botched the art style that made the original Wind Waker look so nice, and I had another comment going over why I didn't like Smash 4. The only impressive exclusives, IMO, were Splatoon (which I personally didn't enjoy at all, though I acknowledge it as a well made game) and Super Mario Maker. It's the most skippable Nintendo console, and I think that's what really gives me so much distaste for it. 
    i never got one so i cant really speak to it, but sales wise the wii u did terribly. worst selling nintendo console of all time
        *Second worst selling Nintendo console of all time.

Worst was the Virtual Boy.
        That's true, but bad sales doesn't inherently mean that the console as a whole was bad. But then again, people have different preferences. For me, the only important thing in a console are the games and the Wii U had great games, so it was worth it to me! But I can understand why others didn't.
I have to disagree when you say tha melee is more glitchy, there may have been more glitches, but they barely affected competitive play if at all (unless you think wavedashing is a glitch).
    It was just a generalization of what a spectator might see. Objectively, wave dashing isn’t a glitch, it was left in because the dev team thought nothing unintentional would happen.
Lol why? I had a ton of fun with it and still play it quite regularly besides the Switch, the Wii U had a lot of great games and I also liked how the Gamepad felt (it feels much more comfortable in my hands than the Joy-Con imo).
I'm down voting you for complaining about being down voted. have a nice evening
    Last time I checked, the downvote system Is used for comments irrelevant to the topic, which is why I made that comment, people are downvoting opposing opinions.Nothing I said was out of topic, but if it makes you feel cool about yourself to use the system unironically, then downvote away.
I agree with your ranking. I may even put brawl below 64 just because I feel 64 has more value, being the beginning of the series.

Edit: also you're probably being down voted just for saying "melee players"
[This Twin Galaxies writeup](https://www.twingalaxies.com/feed_details.php/2609/the-super-smash-bros-for-wii-u-evo-2018-grand-finals-were-the-ultimate-disappointment) is pretty good. tl;dr: Bayo ditto in the Grand Finals, audience booing the players, players insulting the audience and stalling, all-around mess.
    They should just kick ass hat players like that out and ban them from future competition scenes. 
        The crowd shares some of the blame. We can hold the players to a higher standard, but it's understandable that they might react badly to an overwhelmingly bad crowd reaction.
            Keep in mind too this is likely not the first time they've been treated this way, Bayo players get a lot of hate.
                Not even close to the first time; CaptainZack, Lima and Mistake all got tons of hate for a while.
                    If I was in the same position, I'd honestly probably do the same thing. The way people treat Bayo players is disgusting, so fuck em. 
                        to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
                        Yes fuck the bayo players
            The crowd has zero blame. In any professional sport you don’t just spot the opponent a goal. This is a major tourney. I can’t even imagine someone turning over a ball and the other team just gives it back.

Edit: Downvoted? They trolled a match, broke competition rules, and flipped off the crowd but they shouldn’t be annoyed? Classic.
                I would agree but both captain Zack and Lima ( he two bayo players) are just kids and get soo much flack from the community for their character choice. They've been treated poorly by the community for months, getting boo'd when they come on stage, people complain when they win, people sending death threats directly to them on Twitter. And it's not like they were sponsored players at the time, so I wouldn't say they're doing this professionally.
                    The Smash community can sometimes be so toxic. Like take a chill pill it's just a game.
                        On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
                    If they weren't top players nobody would be offering excuses. I'm not saying they're awful persons or something like that, but they should've been DQed or faced some kind of penalty for their behavior.
                Competitive smash has quite a way to go before it's a football level of a competitive sport. The differences in fans and money are probably comparable to pre school football to professional football. 
                Getting tons of hate all the time for simply playing a character in a fighting game? Not an excuse to be annoyed and act childish

Kid flips of crowd (and later causes even more trouble) because of the constant hate he gets? Perfect excuse for the crowd to be annoyed and act childish, they are not to blame.

Either no one was to blame, or both sides were to blame, because neither side acted better than the other, but also had their reasons. It was understandable, but they shouldn't have harassed others over their annoyances, because we can clearly see that it just causes a shitshow.
                    Yeah people assume I’m saying the kid did something wrong because I defended the crowd. He shouldn’t flip people off but at sporting events people boo. It happens. I saw people raging on reddit over people booing at a League of Legends match. They booed because it was a rival team. No one got that and called the crowd dicks for not cheering everyone.
            People boo professional sports players all the time. If one of them flipped of the crowd they would be penalized financially or through suspensions immediately 
            Love how people push esports to be equal to regular sports and then day things like this. How does the crowd act in real sports? What happens when players respond like that? 
They get suspended without pay. Toughen up.
                Incomparable, dont kid yourself.
        At least one of them quit singles tourneys, but I guess it doesn't really matter since the Sm4sh Comp scene will die after Ultimate releases.
            Wait who quit? Zach or lima?
                Zacc, the man who is not a snacc.
        That's great if you have no interest in seeing high quality play
        I’ve been saying this and i get downvoted to hell. I’m glad you have 72 upvotes 
            Its relevant I guess
    seems like they should just ban bayonetta and her 0-death combo bullshit
    Why is Bayo even legal in these kinds of tournaments?
        Because the smash community is stubborn to the point of self destruction.

Brawl had metaknight dominating almost every single tournament and every high level player had a "pocket metaknight" and yet TOs never managed to unanimously agree.

Same shit with Bayonetta. 
            Lol this is absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they all agree on that Bayo should be banned? If she's that OP, it just takes out the fun for everyone.
                ~~Because moronic conspiracy theories made it look like hating on her was cool, and by the time it became obvious it wasn't just a few rowdy haters there were too many people who enjoyed playing her so the debate went on and on. It was a backlash to hateful backlash that spiralled outta control because a few people couldn't accept that the active and modern Nintendo fandom had more say than Smash-core fan-polling suggested. Resulting in an ironic situation where her own haters were her biggest asset, which kinda suits her.~~

Who knows? I am sure it was sociologically interesting.
                    Lol no wonder the Smash community gets made fun off by other fighting game communities.
            From what I heard, Meta Knight was banned for some time, but apparently a ton of people would just not go to tourneys because they only enjoyed Meta Knight.

Regarding Bayo, people were stubborn due to there not being overwhelming evidence of her being OP, by the time people started to agree, Ultimate's release was on the horizon and pushing for it now would be a waste of energy and time.
                Did Nintendo just not patch Bayo? Sometimes they act like they stick their head in the sand. 
                    Bayo was way worse when she just released. She got a few changes at first (which also nerfed Corrin and Cloud), then there was a patch that was dedicated to just changing her (this was the final balance patch, from May 2016). 

People took a loooong time to figure out how to play her afterwards. The second rise of Bayo could be attributed to Salem and Mistake, then more people started using her, like Abadango and Tweek.
        [deleted]
            Well, not anymore in ultimate. I hope there are no super top tiers in ultimate. Ultimate would be alot more interesting if we see diversity in tournament winners and characters.
    Ouch.
The final tournament or something ended with the 2 guys outright not playing and just talking to each other casually. Someone who worked there told them they had to play
    Loooool WTF
Oh dude, the grand finals were so weird. For context, it was the very first Smash 4 competitive match I was watching. Until then I’d only been somewhat aware of the Melee competitive scene. I tuned in for this match because I was trying to get more into the competitive scene before Ultimate came around. 
 
And the match starts, it’s ditto Bayonetta, and neither player seemed to be taking it seriously at all. They also seemed to be purposely trying to piss off the audience. Not to mention, I love Bayo games, but inside of Smash 4 her moveset is just so ridiculous and OP that it’s not much fun to watch. So that didn’t help. I was almost permanently turned off Smash as a competitive sport. 
 
Thank god Youtube recommended a bunch of other incredible tournament videos before I closed the tab. 
    Spent 2 hours watching this today, totally worth. Great games.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwuTDZ7mW2I
    Lol that sounds terrible. I know that Bayonetta is very hated amongst this community because she's extremely OP (even more than Meta Knight in Brawl?). But one thing I never understood is why didn't she get banned at Evo? Didn't Meta Knight get banned? So why not her?
        Meta Knight did get banned for some time, and it pretty much ruined brawls competitive scene. Since half of everyone main was meta knight, half of the player base left. Imagine if your character that you liked got banned, you would probably stop playing. Eventually meta knight was unbanned, but the scene was pretty much already over.
            Lol I think the fact that half of everyone's main was Meta Knight tells you everything about the skill of those people. 
                Well actually metaknight and brawl in general took more skill to learn and be good at then smash 4 did which is one reason why upsets are more common in smash 4. Plus most top metaknight players in brawl are also top players in other smash games (mew2king is a melee god, and ZeRo and nairo are top smash 4 players. Those are just some examples)
                    Oh ok, thanks for clarifying!
        Not more op than brawl metaknight it's just that most smash 4 players want to complain instead of learning how to do certain things. In smash ultimate palutena's guidance for bayonetta even references the "just sdi" meme and someone even mentioned that they see clouds get gimped more often on nairo's streams than in actual tournament sets. 
Captain zack and Lima stalled on gf main stage. Captain zack also threw a hissy fit and flipped off the crowd for booing him
[This article](https://www.ssbwiki.com/rage) explains it better than I ever could without getting frustrated lol.
    Just skimmed over it, very interesting, I noticed the visual effect but I didn't know it had that much influence on the gameplay. That really is bullshit.
        There have been some heartbreaking tournament sets won/lost because of how poorly balanced rage is.

I love Smash and am beyond grateful for everything Sakurai and the dev team have given us, but I legitimately hate Smash 4. I’m so excited to play a game that actually rewards skill.
            But rage is present in Ultimate too, isn't it?
                Yeah, but it’s balanced better this time around. The faster pace of Ultimate and the lack of brain dead kill confirms off grabs (Thank Christ) take away half the battle to begin with though.
                    You don't know about the lack of kill confirms
                        Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
                            Maybe it's just new combos
                ~~According to a post from someone who's seen/played an early copy, you can actually turn it off entirely. But I don't want to make any conclusions after the whole 30% hitstun thing. Let me see if I can dig a link.~~

above isn't true, got it from the top/2nd top post on front page which has been edited as well.
                    It’s not rage, it’s a mechanic that gives you stat boosts when you’re losing and is off by default
                        Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
                From the E3 build, I heard that its a static amount that is present over 100%, rather than scaling.
Brawl would still be better if MK was gone but ICs remained. MK got like 6 stages banned and the only stages left legal were the ones the ICs could truly use to take advantage of their chaingrabs
    Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game.

Meta Knight, while broken and promoting of a system that forced so many restrictions as you mentioned, at least was interesting and cool to watch. That is, except when he was playing super campy. But even that's not as bad as the IC's infinite chain grab.
        >Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game


Only because they're bad stages were MK's autowin stages. If MK didn't get Halberd/Delfino/Rainbow Cruise banned ICs would have been fine
            I have a feeling Rainbow Cruise would probably be banned regardless of Meta Knight's presence for being an autoscroller among other things. Halberd also has hazards, which are fairly questionable elements anyway, and Smash 4 tournaments eventually rejected Delfino as well.
        Bro MK was the camp lord, he's the reason the ledge grab limit exists. He could do like 2 invincible uairs from the ledge and regrab it and be invincible for like 90% of the time lol. He would just spam unclankable high priority aerials that came out super fast and no one could do anything about it. He'd basically gain the lead and then force people to approach his impossible to beat options.
            Well yeah of course he was--but in a game of campiness and almost purely defensive meta, at least he was stylish...after his stupid broken techniques were banned.
                MK is most definitely not stylish. He is fun to play as because he’s like the only super fast character. But he’s campy and lame, especially vs other high tiers who can actually fight him
        This. Especially when you consider that up to mid level, ICs are way easier to use and more frustrating to fight. Brawl would absolutely not be better off with just an MK-ban. Every objective and observable factor dictates this. 


It varies tbh, Wind Waker and Majora's Mask were initially hated and then became loved, while Twilight Princess was initially loved and became mixed. Skyward Sword was hated and has arguably become mixed, while Ocarina has remained consistently loved. BOTW is too new to really tell how public opinion will sway. Public perception of the Zelda games is really most notable for changing constantly and not making much sense.
    I believe people really loved Twilight Princess to this day, people just didn't like Ganon appearing at the end and that Wind Waker's graphics aged better.
        TP is still my favorite zelda (yes even above BotW and WW) and apparently that's a super controversial opinion lmao
            I'm right there with you.  The story was one of my favorites and they have yet to recreate the feel of the combat in that game.  
        Meh, it's just a worse Ocarina IMO
    I'd say BotW is loved big time. Which is interesting, because it seems like Mario Odyssey is suffering Zelda cycle, where Odyssey was loved upon release and considered one of the best games of all time, but now-a-days people shifted to thinking Odyssey is weak compared to other Mario platformers, atleast in terms of 3D Mario. I've even seen many people saying Odyssey is up there with Sunshine and 3D Land as the weakest 3D Mario game.

Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.
        I think Odyssey is fantastic as long as people look at it exactly what it intended to be (a collectathon), rather than what they thought it'd be (the successor to Super Mario 64).

Odyssey isn't my favorite Mario game, but I firmly would call it "the greatest collectathon ever made". I'm just not much a fan of collectathons is all.

Additionally, while BotW was my favorite game last year (and honestly probably of all time), Odyssey had my top 2 favorite moments in any video game last year, hands down. Both had me tearing up.
            I assume one of those moments you're referring to is the NDC Festival? ...and the second part is >!the Mario 64 throwback with Peach's Castle!<???
                Nothing other than the NDC Festival.

No for the second one though, the second one was [everything from the Honeylune Ridge Escape sequence, including the music there, all the way to the end with Mario and Bowser and Peach and the flowers.](/spoiler)
                    I loved the NDC Festival so much....I loved the Honeylude Ridge sequence, but I didn't really like the ending cutscene with Peach, Mario, Bowser and the flowers...just felt too forced and anti-climatic after the awesome stuff happening IMHO.

P.S. Bowser's Kingdom in Odyssey has dethroned Bowser in the Sky from Mario 64 as my favorite Bowser level of all time. Oh man, super creative and the music by Koji Kondo was amazing and very Japanese-style for that level.

I'm curious....what are your top 5 favorite Mario games?

Mine are personally;

1. Super Mario Odyssey
2. Super Mario 64 = Super Mario Sunshine (My second favorite is interexchangeable between 64 and Sunshine, but I probably choose 64 over Sunshine a decent amount more consistently...but it's not uncommon for me to put Sunshine above 64 as well.)
3. Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door
4. The original Paper Mario 64

...and honorable mentions go to the Mario Galaxy games, Mario & Luigi 1 and 3, Yoshi's Island, and Super Mario RPG.

Super Mario World, Mario 3, Mario 2 USA, Mario Land 2, Mario Kart Wii, and Mario Strikers Charged are also great.

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
                        To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
        >Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.

What kind of battles? Do you mean critical reception?
    I would say fanbase perception. I've never seen much negativity directed at any Zelda game in the mainstream, the total opposite actually.
    I feel like I'm the only one who loves every Zelda game. All the one's you listed are amazing imo!
    90% of what you said could be chalked up to people who don't like the game just don't discuss it. I hated Majoras and Wind Waker when they came out, and still  do. The 3ds Majora's fixes some of the problems to me but it's still a lackluster game, I got wind waker HD for free and couldn't be bothered to play it I got bored of sailing around real quick.

&#x200B;

I remember I used to get into pretty big arguments about Wind Waker when it first came out. Now I just steer away from conversations about it.
That's exactly how it is with zelda. New game is shit why can't it be like older game -> a year or two passes and its fondly remembered as a masterpiece. It happened to Wind Waker.
Personally I see people worship BotW....

&#x200B;

and Mario has suffered the Zelda effect with Odyssey, because Odyssey was loved upon released, and now people say it's up there with Sunshine as the worst 3D Mario game.
    Where are you seeing that? I haven't seen that at all.
"Shit games."

Say what you will because it doesn't fit competitive gaming, but the games were still hella fun, and good games.

Very narrowminded approach.
    What a load of crap. My entire social circle maibly play the game competitively. We don't like random tripping, or the style of play brawl promoted. Smash 4 had end lag on everything and was even balanced worse than brawl. Smash 4 took away many of the fun modes, it was lazy with its music remixes. The quality of the online play always feeling 2 gene behind. Yes, shit games. There's a lot  wrong with them.

And I can sure as hell view them from a competitive view point if that's how my circle play the game. Just because my opinion doesn't line up with yours does not mean it is narrow. 
        No, you are just very narrowminded. You are free to have an opinion, but opinions can be stupid too.
            Sure they can but I'm not just hating on the game for the sake of hating on a game. I'm backing up my statements with valid points that pertain to why I dislike these past Smash games. You are ironically the one being narrow-minded because you think people you disagree with are wrong. Not everyone thinks "these games are hella fun." 
I think the *main arrangement* of the theme is very generic.  It’s very, *very* reminiscent of the Sm4sh theme, which itself is based on the Melee theme.

**However,** that’s entirely made up for by the other stellar arrangements of the piece.  Most notably that funkadelic menu theme.
    I strongly agree.

If I were to rank main themes for the games (excluding 64 since it doesn't really have a comparable one), it'd be:

Brawl > Melee > Smash 4 > Ultimate.

Ultimate's menu theme though, as you said, is probably my favorite one since at least Melee's.
        Melee kind of has two main themes though (the opening theme and Menu 1), both of which are remixed elsewhere in the game (opening is remixed as Menu 2 and both Multi-Man Melee themes, Menu 1 as Battlefield), though later games seem to give more attention to Menu 1. Are you referring to both of them together or just one of them in that ranking?  
Smash 64's ending theme is kind of its main theme- it's the song that represents 64 in Brawl's credits medley, an arrangement of it plays in the second half of the intro and it was remixed as Melee's FD theme and as a track in Brawl/Smash 4.
    Smash 4 was based off of Melee? Interesting, I honestly hated Smash 4's theme, yet Melee's theme song was my favorite one along with Brawl for the longest time.

Do you personally think Melee's theme is generic? The menu and also the opening theme?
When I first heard the song in the trailer, I actually said to the rest of my viewing party that it felt a bit generic. At least, it did until they confirmed Snake and the well known "EVERYONE IS HERE" appeared on screen. After that, the music picked up dramatically, and I feel like this was actually intentional, since that *was* the shifting point in the trailer after all. So, for that, I'd say it works.

I really don't like Lifelight though. The lyrics are cheesey and don't feel as poetic as Brawl's, and they're poorly mixed in the song to boot. It doesn't really feel like the Smash Ultimate theme so much as it feels like a fan singing their own lyrics over the Smash Ultimate theme. I still wouldn't say "generic", but it did really hurt the song for me. 
    i kinda hate Lifelight on principle.  I don’t know what it is about English lyrics in my video games, but there’s only been a handful of times where it didn’t make me wince and turn down the volume— I couldn’t even sit through when Shantae did it.

but the fact that it sounds like a fan song whose lyrics were added later, which it totally does, really doesn’t help its case lol
        The only time I can remember actually preferring the english lyrics to a video game song was Simple and Clean from Kingdom Hearts. Both versions are good but the english version feels "right-er" for some reason.
            Yeah, Simple and Clean, Snake Eater, and I guess Parappa the Rapper 1-2 are the only exceptions I can think of.  And I was on the fence hard when I first heard S&C as a yungern, I wasn’t ready for that pop

I mean, Crush 40’s aight.


            Honestly, and I'm not trying to be misogynist, but the ones i dont line usually have one thing in common. A female singer that is trying to be solemn, and failing. The Beginners Guide ending, for example.
                It's perfectly understandable, you probably dislike the higher pitch of the voice rather than the singer themselves. It's always been weird to me when people feel they aren't allowed to prefer one genders' singing over the other without being accused of 'misogynism'. They have different tones and pitches and at the end of the day that boils down to musical preference.
        There's not a lot of lyrical game themes I like either, but I think a few pull them off in English just fine. Sonic games can be hit or miss, but there's some solid ones like Reach for the Stars and His World. Ico also has a really nice lyrical theme called You Were There, although I think the song is much better in the context of the game. 
            To be honest, I did love the Mario Odyssey vocal songs like Break Free and Jump Up Super Star.
                The final boss theme was okay. This won't be popular, but I didn't think Jump Up Superstar was that good. I didn't think it was bad either, but I feel like the only appeal it had was the novelty of being the first lyrical Mario track. The song itself was super forgettable, and if it weren't the first lyrical Mario song I doubt it would be as popular.
                    Actually JUSS isn't the first lyrical Mario song...

&#x200B;

this actually is; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm\_7krlw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm_7krlw)

It also didn't become too mainstream despite being on the Wii and IIRC a pretty high selling Mario game.

However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.
                        I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
                            Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
                        Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
                            Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
        I honestly really liked the Japanese version of Lifelight tbh.

However, English version felt like it was trying to hard to be the Jump Up Super Star of Smash Bros.
    > it feels like a fan singing their own lyrics over the Smash Ultimate theme

Lol that's a good comparison. When I first heard the song, my first thought was "this sounds like a fan cover albeit a very good one"! I don't know if this is good or bad.
    I really like the theme and have to agree. 

The lyrics just........ruin it. Its a generic anime intro. I already have a bias against anime type stuff (thats just me) but even then I gave it an extra shot. The lyrics are just so.......meaningless. And whoever sings it sounds good, but when the lyrics are so forgettable I just tune out.

And damn the "fan putting their lyrics over the theme" is too accurate. I'm getting flashbacks to RWBY ost.
        Generic Anime Intro? I'm gonna have to use that one. That's a pretty good description. 
I mean. Smash 4 is more fun to play than Brawl. Like roster aside, its faster and feels smoother.
    Don't agree...Brawl has Wolf, Snake, better Dedede and Falco...far more techs, far deeper neutral game and edge guarding...etc.

Far more jab locks and resets. The characters and gameplay are FAR less linear. It just offers more possibilities than Smash 4.

Hell Brawl even has more movement options, believe it or not, especially Peach. Peach can do borderline Melee movement in Brawl.

Brawl has far more and better single player content to play through, which offers more hours of fun.
        I don't know fam. Every video I see is just chaingrabs, and meta knight. Even if it has more options, the game still looks way slower, and a characters placing seems to be placed entirely upon how they fight Meta Knight.
            Fun-fact, Smash 4 has more landing lag and end lag with character moves than Brawl did.
            Every time I watch Smash 4 I see Bayonetta and Witch Time...point is?

Meta Knight may be broken, but atleast he's actually really deep, technical, and has a much higher skill ceiling than Bayonetta. He's far less linear too.

Brawl may be defensive, but so is Smash 4...however, Brawl requires far more creativity and nuances with the defensive options and what-not...Smash 4 is linear and samey with defensive options.

Brawl's core gameplay definitely has much more meat to it.

Also you're judging the core gameplay mechanics based on one character that annoys you...lol

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
        In Brawl matches there are times the players are just standing around. They hit each other once and then run away. If someone dares to approach Meta Knight, they're destroyed. Brawl's meta was trash.
Brawl's sound effects were great IMO. I like them more than Ultimate's.
    I think it depended on the Brawl sounds, but it was certainly better than Smash 4's...A lot of Brawl's sounded like wet noodles to me.

I just love Melee and Ultimate's sound effects too much, and Smash 64 has that super powerful hard hitting comic book style sound that's just so classic.

&#x200B;
        Bruh Brawl Meta Knight's sword sounds are the most satisfying a sword has ever sounded
            I agree with that...but Ganondorf and Falcon (actual heavy hitters) sound like wet noodles so much it's crazy...

&#x200B;

but Brawl Meta Knight does have amazing sound effects, can't disagree there.
[deleted]
    Nope, there's a lot of new sound effects, and many of them are far harder hitting and heavier.

Some characters like Marth though, has mostly Smash 4 Marth noises though.
* Significantly better movement options, attack frame data, projectiles and general speed improvements allow more complex neutral exchanges.

* Punishes shouldn't be nearly as linear now that a go-to option in grab won't net the best gains. Nerf to airdodges, escape options and recoveries whilst buffing attack data means you can cover options far more than in Smash 4.

* Untechable footstools, reeling animations, techable meteors and rage all either being removed or rendered mostly ineffective is a great thing.

* Regional matchmaking and greater variety of stage choices.

It's honestly answered most of my complaints with Smash 4.
    i honestly disagree about footstools

untechable spin was garbage but footstools/jab locks were a good thing. They weren't uninteractive in the same way dthrow > button press was. They often involved specific scenarios with items & whatnot that you had to set up, meaning you earned the interaction on two fronts

1: You actually got them in a footstool/jab lock scenario

2: You could actually perform that combo in-set when they really aren't that easy

they were hype for this and it's one of my only major gripes about Ult
I gotta agree there.
It feels like they never touch Brawl's online mode, which was far more problematic.
Tripping was bad but the game had far greater movement options, had lots of character specific techniques, auto cancel projectiles and low landing aerials. It was far more engaging in neutral than Smash 4, which tries its hardest to make sure you can never express yourself.
    The primary thing I disagree with regarding, "Brawl had more movement options" is that, while true, most of those movement options were defensive in nature. So IMO most of them weren't necessarily positive, even if they were more technical and expressive.
It's clear you didn't play brawl at any sort of competitive level. It has tons of tech including some movement options. Better than the practically 0 in smash 4
Did you even play Brawl? It has more options than Smash 4.
    I tried to main Sonic, Ness and olimar on brawl and the only one of them with worse movement on smash4 is olimar
Most of the opinions here that you are referencing are from competitive players.  That being said, Smash 4 wasn't a particularly good casual game either, there was not a ton of content.  

I'm mainly a 64/PM player, but I entered a couple of sm4sh tournaments.  The game just didn't appeal to me, I prefer more robust movement options and a more varied combo game. 
    I would say there was a ton of content, but just bloated with random stuff.
    > That being said, Smash 4 wasn't a particularly good casual game either, there was not a ton of content.

Gotta highly disagree there. Casual Smashers most often regard it as the best Smash game.

Having just about every character feel good to play, with such a huge roster and stage variety and musical choices and visual flair was absolutely major.

The multiplayer content was incredibly vast--not as much big singleplayer content but casual Smashers do not care about that nearly as much.
    Cool, you're a 64 player! I have seen people saying that they think even Smash 64 is better than Smash 4. WTF! Casually, definitely not. But competitively, I don't know, since you said you're mainly a 64 player, I'd like to hear your opinion on it.
        64 is actually my favorite casual Smash too. Might be nostalgia though, but I just love how the items work on it (and it's a really good selection of items), everything is so sharp and you can almost feel when items hit you, everything feels so responsive. 1P mode/BtP-BtT are also super fun. Things don't feel as lively in newer Smash games for me. I did have fun playing various hours of online multiplayer with my friends on Smash 4 3DS (don't have an Wii U), but Smash 64 has a special place on my heart.
            Smash 64's art-style is so cool, unique, expressive, and comic booky...I love it.

&#x200B;

Smash Wii u/3DS's art-style is just so bland, flat, generic, and NSMB-like to me.

Man, I really really don't like Smash 4's art-style, definitely my least favorite out of any Smash game. Smash 64 on the other hand has a fantastic art-style that I want to see an HD remaster of tbh.
                NSMB?
                    New Super Mario Bros style. Smash 4's art-style is very comparable to the New Super Mario Bros. art-style of Smash. It may be vibrant, but it's still soulless, cheap, plastic, and generic looking and lacks a definitive identity.
                    New Super Mario Bros., I think.
            I can see that, but for me Smash 4 is DEFINITELY better than 64, despite its flaws. But everyone has different preferences.
tbh they're balanced except at top level. Unless you're really good, Cloud gets edgeguarded like a chump, and Bayo requires you to totally rewire your brain to recover, meaning bad players will SD left and right.
    I mean cloud was definitely not balanced at a lower level lol. He was the ultimate scrub on scrub killer.
    can’t get edgeguarded if you never go offstage
    More like mid-level. Any player who can put a few dozen hours into the characters would know most of the intricacies of recovering with them. 
> Smash run was dope though.

I disagree--to an extent. Smash Run was disappointing, but only because like 3 tweaks would've made it so damn good.

1. Encounter others in the maze.
2. Configure time spent in the maze. There were parts of the maze I never got to see even after beating it with every character because there simply wasn't enough time.
3. Configure what the final match was. 1-2 minutes of a random battle was such a lackluster payoff to such a buildup.
    That's fair criticism. I would have liked to see other players too, and some options would be pretty great. I secretly was hoping there would be a new iteration of Smash Run in Ultimate, but eh -- that's ok.
hol up, you can't just go and replace adventure mode with smash tour!! it was linear and repetitive sure but such a different and more rewarding experience 
    Nah, Smash Tour at least has the benefit of being a board game, which means it has near-infinite variety and always ensures a unique experience.  It's just not that good of a board game as the reward is to play Smash against friends or AI which we could do without a board.  Adventure Mode is cool for a go or two, but ultimately (to me at least) became boring and a chore once you saw the very little variety it had.  Luigi was a surprise, big kirby was there sometimes, and that's about that.  Frankly, I think both are just okay time wasters at best, and I probably have played Adventure mode far more over the many years, but Smash Tour DOES have more variety and depth, even if I'm not the biggest fan of it.
Not especially. Tons of fighters with not much to do with them apart from Smash Mode.
Edge guarding is preventing people from recovering to the stage or ledge
    So why can't you do that anymore?
        On Smash 4 you could just ledge trump but in previous games there was no trumping and if you tried to grab ledge while somebody was on it you just fall to your death
            Yeah, that's what I meant too. There's absolutely nothing you can do about that, so it seems more fair to have ledge trumping. It's one of the features in Smash 4 that I really liked.
So I watched the stream when he said that, and while I greatly respect his skill and thoughts on Smash, I highly disagree with him about that comparison.

Yeah, Smash 4 had less movement options. Yeah, Smash 4 had Bayonetta. But at the same time, there's a lot of forgetfullness at how much of a clusterfuck Brawl was too.

- While Smash 4 had less options, most of Brawl's extra options were defensively focused, which IMO makes for a much worse game loop, even if the player expression is better. Yeah Smash 4 was defensive, but aside from that BS Bayonetta stall at EVO, Smash 4 never had the issue that Brawl *frequently* had, where a minute would go by with players barely hitting each other at all (which actually happened at Brawl's final Apex GFs).
- Remember how many stages had to be banned *solely* because of ICs or Meta Knight?
- Remember how many exploits and techniques in the game needed to be banned for it to be at all playable competitively?
- Remember how ICs was even more annoying to fight than Bayonetta, and the only reason ICs didn't ruin the game was because Meta Knight hard countered ICs?
- Remember hitstun cancelling?
- Remember how, even after banning multiple Meta Knight techniques, he was *still* way OP?

Smash Bros. Brawl was such a clusterfuck of a competitive game that it had to be shoehorned into one. Even if Smash 4 had problems, it never had to be shoehorned in to work.
    I still look fondly back on what I played with competitive Brawl but honestly I don't see myself going back to it over Smash 4/PM at this point if I were to go back to something. I'll probably go back to it more casually than Smash 4 just for some missing content like Subspace when Ultimate drops but trying to play it competitively? Not likely if people learning D3's stand grab on Lucario along with Brawl Ice Climbers being the most unfun character I've played against in all of smash history and some other issues. I'd go back to it over 64 and sometime over melee depending on my mood but meh. 

&#x200B;
As good as he is as a player, I strongly disagree with the playing Brawl over Smash 4 comp part.

I wonder if him maining metaknight clouds his judgement looking back on it, there are a lot of things that I found to not age well in retrospect.

Planking, Scrooging, Ice Climbers, infinites/CGs in general, worse balance.

I can see someone more in tech liking it more but there are a lot of things I don't think people would enjoy in this day and age if it existed in a newer title.
You could listen to the complaints and understand why people have issues with the game rather than dismissing any potential critism by targeting a group of people that aren't even here.
    I understand the complaints and its fine if they dont like the new games, but they dont need to act like children and flame anything that isnt melee. Dont defend that kind of behavior.
[deleted]
    How can Melee players be bad if nobody plays Melee 🤔🤔🤔
[This is you.](http://wiki.dominionstrategy.com/images/2/29/GraverobberArt.jpg)
Link?
    https://clips.twitch.tv/CloudyBraveMushroomBloodTrail I think this is what he's referring to. 
        Yes
I can hopefully answer that one. I hated the Wii U. Game releases were *painfully* slow for the first few years. The OS is really slow and clunky. VC was handled really poorly on Wii U, as games were slowly trickled out, the library had less console variety than the Wii, and the emulation was completely inferior to the Wii on the majority of the titles. And the controversial opinion, but the library really isn't even that good looking back. I really can't think of any Wii U games that stand out to me - Woolly World is fine but can't hold a candle to the original Yoshi's Island and had a 3DS port, BotW plays better on Switch, Hyrule Warriors got a 3DS port with more content (and ironically enough actually ran better on New 3DS models), Mario 3D World was fine but nothing spectacular, Wind Waker HD really botched the art style that made the original Wind Waker look so nice, and I had another comment going over why I didn't like Smash 4. The only impressive exclusives, IMO, were Splatoon (which I personally didn't enjoy at all, though I acknowledge it as a well made game) and Super Mario Maker. It's the most skippable Nintendo console, and I think that's what really gives me so much distaste for it. 
i never got one so i cant really speak to it, but sales wise the wii u did terribly. worst selling nintendo console of all time
    *Second worst selling Nintendo console of all time.

Worst was the Virtual Boy.
    That's true, but bad sales doesn't inherently mean that the console as a whole was bad. But then again, people have different preferences. For me, the only important thing in a console are the games and the Wii U had great games, so it was worth it to me! But I can understand why others didn't.
It was just a generalization of what a spectator might see. Objectively, wave dashing isn’t a glitch, it was left in because the dev team thought nothing unintentional would happen.
Last time I checked, the downvote system Is used for comments irrelevant to the topic, which is why I made that comment, people are downvoting opposing opinions.Nothing I said was out of topic, but if it makes you feel cool about yourself to use the system unironically, then downvote away.
They should just kick ass hat players like that out and ban them from future competition scenes. 
    The crowd shares some of the blame. We can hold the players to a higher standard, but it's understandable that they might react badly to an overwhelmingly bad crowd reaction.
        Keep in mind too this is likely not the first time they've been treated this way, Bayo players get a lot of hate.
            Not even close to the first time; CaptainZack, Lima and Mistake all got tons of hate for a while.
                If I was in the same position, I'd honestly probably do the same thing. The way people treat Bayo players is disgusting, so fuck em. 
                    to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
                    Yes fuck the bayo players
        The crowd has zero blame. In any professional sport you don’t just spot the opponent a goal. This is a major tourney. I can’t even imagine someone turning over a ball and the other team just gives it back.

Edit: Downvoted? They trolled a match, broke competition rules, and flipped off the crowd but they shouldn’t be annoyed? Classic.
            I would agree but both captain Zack and Lima ( he two bayo players) are just kids and get soo much flack from the community for their character choice. They've been treated poorly by the community for months, getting boo'd when they come on stage, people complain when they win, people sending death threats directly to them on Twitter. And it's not like they were sponsored players at the time, so I wouldn't say they're doing this professionally.
                The Smash community can sometimes be so toxic. Like take a chill pill it's just a game.
                    On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
                If they weren't top players nobody would be offering excuses. I'm not saying they're awful persons or something like that, but they should've been DQed or faced some kind of penalty for their behavior.
            Competitive smash has quite a way to go before it's a football level of a competitive sport. The differences in fans and money are probably comparable to pre school football to professional football. 
            Getting tons of hate all the time for simply playing a character in a fighting game? Not an excuse to be annoyed and act childish

Kid flips of crowd (and later causes even more trouble) because of the constant hate he gets? Perfect excuse for the crowd to be annoyed and act childish, they are not to blame.

Either no one was to blame, or both sides were to blame, because neither side acted better than the other, but also had their reasons. It was understandable, but they shouldn't have harassed others over their annoyances, because we can clearly see that it just causes a shitshow.
                Yeah people assume I’m saying the kid did something wrong because I defended the crowd. He shouldn’t flip people off but at sporting events people boo. It happens. I saw people raging on reddit over people booing at a League of Legends match. They booed because it was a rival team. No one got that and called the crowd dicks for not cheering everyone.
        People boo professional sports players all the time. If one of them flipped of the crowd they would be penalized financially or through suspensions immediately 
        Love how people push esports to be equal to regular sports and then day things like this. How does the crowd act in real sports? What happens when players respond like that? 
They get suspended without pay. Toughen up.
            Incomparable, dont kid yourself.
    At least one of them quit singles tourneys, but I guess it doesn't really matter since the Sm4sh Comp scene will die after Ultimate releases.
        Wait who quit? Zach or lima?
            Zacc, the man who is not a snacc.
    That's great if you have no interest in seeing high quality play
    I’ve been saying this and i get downvoted to hell. I’m glad you have 72 upvotes 
        Its relevant I guess
seems like they should just ban bayonetta and her 0-death combo bullshit
Why is Bayo even legal in these kinds of tournaments?
    Because the smash community is stubborn to the point of self destruction.

Brawl had metaknight dominating almost every single tournament and every high level player had a "pocket metaknight" and yet TOs never managed to unanimously agree.

Same shit with Bayonetta. 
        Lol this is absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they all agree on that Bayo should be banned? If she's that OP, it just takes out the fun for everyone.
            ~~Because moronic conspiracy theories made it look like hating on her was cool, and by the time it became obvious it wasn't just a few rowdy haters there were too many people who enjoyed playing her so the debate went on and on. It was a backlash to hateful backlash that spiralled outta control because a few people couldn't accept that the active and modern Nintendo fandom had more say than Smash-core fan-polling suggested. Resulting in an ironic situation where her own haters were her biggest asset, which kinda suits her.~~

Who knows? I am sure it was sociologically interesting.
                Lol no wonder the Smash community gets made fun off by other fighting game communities.
        From what I heard, Meta Knight was banned for some time, but apparently a ton of people would just not go to tourneys because they only enjoyed Meta Knight.

Regarding Bayo, people were stubborn due to there not being overwhelming evidence of her being OP, by the time people started to agree, Ultimate's release was on the horizon and pushing for it now would be a waste of energy and time.
            Did Nintendo just not patch Bayo? Sometimes they act like they stick their head in the sand. 
                Bayo was way worse when she just released. She got a few changes at first (which also nerfed Corrin and Cloud), then there was a patch that was dedicated to just changing her (this was the final balance patch, from May 2016). 

People took a loooong time to figure out how to play her afterwards. The second rise of Bayo could be attributed to Salem and Mistake, then more people started using her, like Abadango and Tweek.
    [deleted]
        Well, not anymore in ultimate. I hope there are no super top tiers in ultimate. Ultimate would be alot more interesting if we see diversity in tournament winners and characters.
Ouch.
Loooool WTF
Spent 2 hours watching this today, totally worth. Great games.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwuTDZ7mW2I
Lol that sounds terrible. I know that Bayonetta is very hated amongst this community because she's extremely OP (even more than Meta Knight in Brawl?). But one thing I never understood is why didn't she get banned at Evo? Didn't Meta Knight get banned? So why not her?
    Meta Knight did get banned for some time, and it pretty much ruined brawls competitive scene. Since half of everyone main was meta knight, half of the player base left. Imagine if your character that you liked got banned, you would probably stop playing. Eventually meta knight was unbanned, but the scene was pretty much already over.
        Lol I think the fact that half of everyone's main was Meta Knight tells you everything about the skill of those people. 
            Well actually metaknight and brawl in general took more skill to learn and be good at then smash 4 did which is one reason why upsets are more common in smash 4. Plus most top metaknight players in brawl are also top players in other smash games (mew2king is a melee god, and ZeRo and nairo are top smash 4 players. Those are just some examples)
                Oh ok, thanks for clarifying!
    Not more op than brawl metaknight it's just that most smash 4 players want to complain instead of learning how to do certain things. In smash ultimate palutena's guidance for bayonetta even references the "just sdi" meme and someone even mentioned that they see clouds get gimped more often on nairo's streams than in actual tournament sets. 
Just skimmed over it, very interesting, I noticed the visual effect but I didn't know it had that much influence on the gameplay. That really is bullshit.
    There have been some heartbreaking tournament sets won/lost because of how poorly balanced rage is.

I love Smash and am beyond grateful for everything Sakurai and the dev team have given us, but I legitimately hate Smash 4. I’m so excited to play a game that actually rewards skill.
        But rage is present in Ultimate too, isn't it?
            Yeah, but it’s balanced better this time around. The faster pace of Ultimate and the lack of brain dead kill confirms off grabs (Thank Christ) take away half the battle to begin with though.
                You don't know about the lack of kill confirms
                    Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
                        Maybe it's just new combos
            ~~According to a post from someone who's seen/played an early copy, you can actually turn it off entirely. But I don't want to make any conclusions after the whole 30% hitstun thing. Let me see if I can dig a link.~~

above isn't true, got it from the top/2nd top post on front page which has been edited as well.
                It’s not rage, it’s a mechanic that gives you stat boosts when you’re losing and is off by default
                    Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
            From the E3 build, I heard that its a static amount that is present over 100%, rather than scaling.
Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game.

Meta Knight, while broken and promoting of a system that forced so many restrictions as you mentioned, at least was interesting and cool to watch. That is, except when he was playing super campy. But even that's not as bad as the IC's infinite chain grab.
    >Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game


Only because they're bad stages were MK's autowin stages. If MK didn't get Halberd/Delfino/Rainbow Cruise banned ICs would have been fine
        I have a feeling Rainbow Cruise would probably be banned regardless of Meta Knight's presence for being an autoscroller among other things. Halberd also has hazards, which are fairly questionable elements anyway, and Smash 4 tournaments eventually rejected Delfino as well.
    Bro MK was the camp lord, he's the reason the ledge grab limit exists. He could do like 2 invincible uairs from the ledge and regrab it and be invincible for like 90% of the time lol. He would just spam unclankable high priority aerials that came out super fast and no one could do anything about it. He'd basically gain the lead and then force people to approach his impossible to beat options.
        Well yeah of course he was--but in a game of campiness and almost purely defensive meta, at least he was stylish...after his stupid broken techniques were banned.
            MK is most definitely not stylish. He is fun to play as because he’s like the only super fast character. But he’s campy and lame, especially vs other high tiers who can actually fight him
    This. Especially when you consider that up to mid level, ICs are way easier to use and more frustrating to fight. Brawl would absolutely not be better off with just an MK-ban. Every objective and observable factor dictates this. 


I believe people really loved Twilight Princess to this day, people just didn't like Ganon appearing at the end and that Wind Waker's graphics aged better.
    TP is still my favorite zelda (yes even above BotW and WW) and apparently that's a super controversial opinion lmao
        I'm right there with you.  The story was one of my favorites and they have yet to recreate the feel of the combat in that game.  
    Meh, it's just a worse Ocarina IMO
I'd say BotW is loved big time. Which is interesting, because it seems like Mario Odyssey is suffering Zelda cycle, where Odyssey was loved upon release and considered one of the best games of all time, but now-a-days people shifted to thinking Odyssey is weak compared to other Mario platformers, atleast in terms of 3D Mario. I've even seen many people saying Odyssey is up there with Sunshine and 3D Land as the weakest 3D Mario game.

Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.
    I think Odyssey is fantastic as long as people look at it exactly what it intended to be (a collectathon), rather than what they thought it'd be (the successor to Super Mario 64).

Odyssey isn't my favorite Mario game, but I firmly would call it "the greatest collectathon ever made". I'm just not much a fan of collectathons is all.

Additionally, while BotW was my favorite game last year (and honestly probably of all time), Odyssey had my top 2 favorite moments in any video game last year, hands down. Both had me tearing up.
        I assume one of those moments you're referring to is the NDC Festival? ...and the second part is >!the Mario 64 throwback with Peach's Castle!<???
            Nothing other than the NDC Festival.

No for the second one though, the second one was [everything from the Honeylune Ridge Escape sequence, including the music there, all the way to the end with Mario and Bowser and Peach and the flowers.](/spoiler)
                I loved the NDC Festival so much....I loved the Honeylude Ridge sequence, but I didn't really like the ending cutscene with Peach, Mario, Bowser and the flowers...just felt too forced and anti-climatic after the awesome stuff happening IMHO.

P.S. Bowser's Kingdom in Odyssey has dethroned Bowser in the Sky from Mario 64 as my favorite Bowser level of all time. Oh man, super creative and the music by Koji Kondo was amazing and very Japanese-style for that level.

I'm curious....what are your top 5 favorite Mario games?

Mine are personally;

1. Super Mario Odyssey
2. Super Mario 64 = Super Mario Sunshine (My second favorite is interexchangeable between 64 and Sunshine, but I probably choose 64 over Sunshine a decent amount more consistently...but it's not uncommon for me to put Sunshine above 64 as well.)
3. Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door
4. The original Paper Mario 64

...and honorable mentions go to the Mario Galaxy games, Mario & Luigi 1 and 3, Yoshi's Island, and Super Mario RPG.

Super Mario World, Mario 3, Mario 2 USA, Mario Land 2, Mario Kart Wii, and Mario Strikers Charged are also great.

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
                    To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
    >Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.

What kind of battles? Do you mean critical reception?
I would say fanbase perception. I've never seen much negativity directed at any Zelda game in the mainstream, the total opposite actually.
I feel like I'm the only one who loves every Zelda game. All the one's you listed are amazing imo!
90% of what you said could be chalked up to people who don't like the game just don't discuss it. I hated Majoras and Wind Waker when they came out, and still  do. The 3ds Majora's fixes some of the problems to me but it's still a lackluster game, I got wind waker HD for free and couldn't be bothered to play it I got bored of sailing around real quick.

&#x200B;

I remember I used to get into pretty big arguments about Wind Waker when it first came out. Now I just steer away from conversations about it.
Where are you seeing that? I haven't seen that at all.
What a load of crap. My entire social circle maibly play the game competitively. We don't like random tripping, or the style of play brawl promoted. Smash 4 had end lag on everything and was even balanced worse than brawl. Smash 4 took away many of the fun modes, it was lazy with its music remixes. The quality of the online play always feeling 2 gene behind. Yes, shit games. There's a lot  wrong with them.

And I can sure as hell view them from a competitive view point if that's how my circle play the game. Just because my opinion doesn't line up with yours does not mean it is narrow. 
    No, you are just very narrowminded. You are free to have an opinion, but opinions can be stupid too.
        Sure they can but I'm not just hating on the game for the sake of hating on a game. I'm backing up my statements with valid points that pertain to why I dislike these past Smash games. You are ironically the one being narrow-minded because you think people you disagree with are wrong. Not everyone thinks "these games are hella fun." 
I strongly agree.

If I were to rank main themes for the games (excluding 64 since it doesn't really have a comparable one), it'd be:

Brawl > Melee > Smash 4 > Ultimate.

Ultimate's menu theme though, as you said, is probably my favorite one since at least Melee's.
    Melee kind of has two main themes though (the opening theme and Menu 1), both of which are remixed elsewhere in the game (opening is remixed as Menu 2 and both Multi-Man Melee themes, Menu 1 as Battlefield), though later games seem to give more attention to Menu 1. Are you referring to both of them together or just one of them in that ranking?  
Smash 64's ending theme is kind of its main theme- it's the song that represents 64 in Brawl's credits medley, an arrangement of it plays in the second half of the intro and it was remixed as Melee's FD theme and as a track in Brawl/Smash 4.
Smash 4 was based off of Melee? Interesting, I honestly hated Smash 4's theme, yet Melee's theme song was my favorite one along with Brawl for the longest time.

Do you personally think Melee's theme is generic? The menu and also the opening theme?
i kinda hate Lifelight on principle.  I don’t know what it is about English lyrics in my video games, but there’s only been a handful of times where it didn’t make me wince and turn down the volume— I couldn’t even sit through when Shantae did it.

but the fact that it sounds like a fan song whose lyrics were added later, which it totally does, really doesn’t help its case lol
    The only time I can remember actually preferring the english lyrics to a video game song was Simple and Clean from Kingdom Hearts. Both versions are good but the english version feels "right-er" for some reason.
        Yeah, Simple and Clean, Snake Eater, and I guess Parappa the Rapper 1-2 are the only exceptions I can think of.  And I was on the fence hard when I first heard S&C as a yungern, I wasn’t ready for that pop

I mean, Crush 40’s aight.


        Honestly, and I'm not trying to be misogynist, but the ones i dont line usually have one thing in common. A female singer that is trying to be solemn, and failing. The Beginners Guide ending, for example.
            It's perfectly understandable, you probably dislike the higher pitch of the voice rather than the singer themselves. It's always been weird to me when people feel they aren't allowed to prefer one genders' singing over the other without being accused of 'misogynism'. They have different tones and pitches and at the end of the day that boils down to musical preference.
    There's not a lot of lyrical game themes I like either, but I think a few pull them off in English just fine. Sonic games can be hit or miss, but there's some solid ones like Reach for the Stars and His World. Ico also has a really nice lyrical theme called You Were There, although I think the song is much better in the context of the game. 
        To be honest, I did love the Mario Odyssey vocal songs like Break Free and Jump Up Super Star.
            The final boss theme was okay. This won't be popular, but I didn't think Jump Up Superstar was that good. I didn't think it was bad either, but I feel like the only appeal it had was the novelty of being the first lyrical Mario track. The song itself was super forgettable, and if it weren't the first lyrical Mario song I doubt it would be as popular.
                Actually JUSS isn't the first lyrical Mario song...

&#x200B;

this actually is; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm\_7krlw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm_7krlw)

It also didn't become too mainstream despite being on the Wii and IIRC a pretty high selling Mario game.

However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.
                    I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
                        Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
                    Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
                        Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
    I honestly really liked the Japanese version of Lifelight tbh.

However, English version felt like it was trying to hard to be the Jump Up Super Star of Smash Bros.
> it feels like a fan singing their own lyrics over the Smash Ultimate theme

Lol that's a good comparison. When I first heard the song, my first thought was "this sounds like a fan cover albeit a very good one"! I don't know if this is good or bad.
I really like the theme and have to agree. 

The lyrics just........ruin it. Its a generic anime intro. I already have a bias against anime type stuff (thats just me) but even then I gave it an extra shot. The lyrics are just so.......meaningless. And whoever sings it sounds good, but when the lyrics are so forgettable I just tune out.

And damn the "fan putting their lyrics over the theme" is too accurate. I'm getting flashbacks to RWBY ost.
    Generic Anime Intro? I'm gonna have to use that one. That's a pretty good description. 
Don't agree...Brawl has Wolf, Snake, better Dedede and Falco...far more techs, far deeper neutral game and edge guarding...etc.

Far more jab locks and resets. The characters and gameplay are FAR less linear. It just offers more possibilities than Smash 4.

Hell Brawl even has more movement options, believe it or not, especially Peach. Peach can do borderline Melee movement in Brawl.

Brawl has far more and better single player content to play through, which offers more hours of fun.
    I don't know fam. Every video I see is just chaingrabs, and meta knight. Even if it has more options, the game still looks way slower, and a characters placing seems to be placed entirely upon how they fight Meta Knight.
        Fun-fact, Smash 4 has more landing lag and end lag with character moves than Brawl did.
        Every time I watch Smash 4 I see Bayonetta and Witch Time...point is?

Meta Knight may be broken, but atleast he's actually really deep, technical, and has a much higher skill ceiling than Bayonetta. He's far less linear too.

Brawl may be defensive, but so is Smash 4...however, Brawl requires far more creativity and nuances with the defensive options and what-not...Smash 4 is linear and samey with defensive options.

Brawl's core gameplay definitely has much more meat to it.

Also you're judging the core gameplay mechanics based on one character that annoys you...lol

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
    In Brawl matches there are times the players are just standing around. They hit each other once and then run away. If someone dares to approach Meta Knight, they're destroyed. Brawl's meta was trash.
I think it depended on the Brawl sounds, but it was certainly better than Smash 4's...A lot of Brawl's sounded like wet noodles to me.

I just love Melee and Ultimate's sound effects too much, and Smash 64 has that super powerful hard hitting comic book style sound that's just so classic.

&#x200B;
    Bruh Brawl Meta Knight's sword sounds are the most satisfying a sword has ever sounded
        I agree with that...but Ganondorf and Falcon (actual heavy hitters) sound like wet noodles so much it's crazy...

&#x200B;

but Brawl Meta Knight does have amazing sound effects, can't disagree there.
Nope, there's a lot of new sound effects, and many of them are far harder hitting and heavier.

Some characters like Marth though, has mostly Smash 4 Marth noises though.
i honestly disagree about footstools

untechable spin was garbage but footstools/jab locks were a good thing. They weren't uninteractive in the same way dthrow > button press was. They often involved specific scenarios with items & whatnot that you had to set up, meaning you earned the interaction on two fronts

1: You actually got them in a footstool/jab lock scenario

2: You could actually perform that combo in-set when they really aren't that easy

they were hype for this and it's one of my only major gripes about Ult
The primary thing I disagree with regarding, "Brawl had more movement options" is that, while true, most of those movement options were defensive in nature. So IMO most of them weren't necessarily positive, even if they were more technical and expressive.
I tried to main Sonic, Ness and olimar on brawl and the only one of them with worse movement on smash4 is olimar
I would say there was a ton of content, but just bloated with random stuff.
> That being said, Smash 4 wasn't a particularly good casual game either, there was not a ton of content.

Gotta highly disagree there. Casual Smashers most often regard it as the best Smash game.

Having just about every character feel good to play, with such a huge roster and stage variety and musical choices and visual flair was absolutely major.

The multiplayer content was incredibly vast--not as much big singleplayer content but casual Smashers do not care about that nearly as much.
Cool, you're a 64 player! I have seen people saying that they think even Smash 64 is better than Smash 4. WTF! Casually, definitely not. But competitively, I don't know, since you said you're mainly a 64 player, I'd like to hear your opinion on it.
    64 is actually my favorite casual Smash too. Might be nostalgia though, but I just love how the items work on it (and it's a really good selection of items), everything is so sharp and you can almost feel when items hit you, everything feels so responsive. 1P mode/BtP-BtT are also super fun. Things don't feel as lively in newer Smash games for me. I did have fun playing various hours of online multiplayer with my friends on Smash 4 3DS (don't have an Wii U), but Smash 64 has a special place on my heart.
        Smash 64's art-style is so cool, unique, expressive, and comic booky...I love it.

&#x200B;

Smash Wii u/3DS's art-style is just so bland, flat, generic, and NSMB-like to me.

Man, I really really don't like Smash 4's art-style, definitely my least favorite out of any Smash game. Smash 64 on the other hand has a fantastic art-style that I want to see an HD remaster of tbh.
            NSMB?
                New Super Mario Bros style. Smash 4's art-style is very comparable to the New Super Mario Bros. art-style of Smash. It may be vibrant, but it's still soulless, cheap, plastic, and generic looking and lacks a definitive identity.
                New Super Mario Bros., I think.
        I can see that, but for me Smash 4 is DEFINITELY better than 64, despite its flaws. But everyone has different preferences.
I mean cloud was definitely not balanced at a lower level lol. He was the ultimate scrub on scrub killer.
can’t get edgeguarded if you never go offstage
More like mid-level. Any player who can put a few dozen hours into the characters would know most of the intricacies of recovering with them. 
That's fair criticism. I would have liked to see other players too, and some options would be pretty great. I secretly was hoping there would be a new iteration of Smash Run in Ultimate, but eh -- that's ok.
Nah, Smash Tour at least has the benefit of being a board game, which means it has near-infinite variety and always ensures a unique experience.  It's just not that good of a board game as the reward is to play Smash against friends or AI which we could do without a board.  Adventure Mode is cool for a go or two, but ultimately (to me at least) became boring and a chore once you saw the very little variety it had.  Luigi was a surprise, big kirby was there sometimes, and that's about that.  Frankly, I think both are just okay time wasters at best, and I probably have played Adventure mode far more over the many years, but Smash Tour DOES have more variety and depth, even if I'm not the biggest fan of it.
So why can't you do that anymore?
    On Smash 4 you could just ledge trump but in previous games there was no trumping and if you tried to grab ledge while somebody was on it you just fall to your death
        Yeah, that's what I meant too. There's absolutely nothing you can do about that, so it seems more fair to have ledge trumping. It's one of the features in Smash 4 that I really liked.
I still look fondly back on what I played with competitive Brawl but honestly I don't see myself going back to it over Smash 4/PM at this point if I were to go back to something. I'll probably go back to it more casually than Smash 4 just for some missing content like Subspace when Ultimate drops but trying to play it competitively? Not likely if people learning D3's stand grab on Lucario along with Brawl Ice Climbers being the most unfun character I've played against in all of smash history and some other issues. I'd go back to it over 64 and sometime over melee depending on my mood but meh. 

&#x200B;
I understand the complaints and its fine if they dont like the new games, but they dont need to act like children and flame anything that isnt melee. Dont defend that kind of behavior.
How can Melee players be bad if nobody plays Melee 🤔🤔🤔
https://clips.twitch.tv/CloudyBraveMushroomBloodTrail I think this is what he's referring to. 
    Yes
*Second worst selling Nintendo console of all time.

Worst was the Virtual Boy.
That's true, but bad sales doesn't inherently mean that the console as a whole was bad. But then again, people have different preferences. For me, the only important thing in a console are the games and the Wii U had great games, so it was worth it to me! But I can understand why others didn't.
The crowd shares some of the blame. We can hold the players to a higher standard, but it's understandable that they might react badly to an overwhelmingly bad crowd reaction.
    Keep in mind too this is likely not the first time they've been treated this way, Bayo players get a lot of hate.
        Not even close to the first time; CaptainZack, Lima and Mistake all got tons of hate for a while.
            If I was in the same position, I'd honestly probably do the same thing. The way people treat Bayo players is disgusting, so fuck em. 
                to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
                Yes fuck the bayo players
    The crowd has zero blame. In any professional sport you don’t just spot the opponent a goal. This is a major tourney. I can’t even imagine someone turning over a ball and the other team just gives it back.

Edit: Downvoted? They trolled a match, broke competition rules, and flipped off the crowd but they shouldn’t be annoyed? Classic.
        I would agree but both captain Zack and Lima ( he two bayo players) are just kids and get soo much flack from the community for their character choice. They've been treated poorly by the community for months, getting boo'd when they come on stage, people complain when they win, people sending death threats directly to them on Twitter. And it's not like they were sponsored players at the time, so I wouldn't say they're doing this professionally.
            The Smash community can sometimes be so toxic. Like take a chill pill it's just a game.
                On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
            If they weren't top players nobody would be offering excuses. I'm not saying they're awful persons or something like that, but they should've been DQed or faced some kind of penalty for their behavior.
        Competitive smash has quite a way to go before it's a football level of a competitive sport. The differences in fans and money are probably comparable to pre school football to professional football. 
        Getting tons of hate all the time for simply playing a character in a fighting game? Not an excuse to be annoyed and act childish

Kid flips of crowd (and later causes even more trouble) because of the constant hate he gets? Perfect excuse for the crowd to be annoyed and act childish, they are not to blame.

Either no one was to blame, or both sides were to blame, because neither side acted better than the other, but also had their reasons. It was understandable, but they shouldn't have harassed others over their annoyances, because we can clearly see that it just causes a shitshow.
            Yeah people assume I’m saying the kid did something wrong because I defended the crowd. He shouldn’t flip people off but at sporting events people boo. It happens. I saw people raging on reddit over people booing at a League of Legends match. They booed because it was a rival team. No one got that and called the crowd dicks for not cheering everyone.
    People boo professional sports players all the time. If one of them flipped of the crowd they would be penalized financially or through suspensions immediately 
    Love how people push esports to be equal to regular sports and then day things like this. How does the crowd act in real sports? What happens when players respond like that? 
They get suspended without pay. Toughen up.
        Incomparable, dont kid yourself.
At least one of them quit singles tourneys, but I guess it doesn't really matter since the Sm4sh Comp scene will die after Ultimate releases.
    Wait who quit? Zach or lima?
        Zacc, the man who is not a snacc.
That's great if you have no interest in seeing high quality play
I’ve been saying this and i get downvoted to hell. I’m glad you have 72 upvotes 
    Its relevant I guess
Because the smash community is stubborn to the point of self destruction.

Brawl had metaknight dominating almost every single tournament and every high level player had a "pocket metaknight" and yet TOs never managed to unanimously agree.

Same shit with Bayonetta. 
    Lol this is absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they all agree on that Bayo should be banned? If she's that OP, it just takes out the fun for everyone.
        ~~Because moronic conspiracy theories made it look like hating on her was cool, and by the time it became obvious it wasn't just a few rowdy haters there were too many people who enjoyed playing her so the debate went on and on. It was a backlash to hateful backlash that spiralled outta control because a few people couldn't accept that the active and modern Nintendo fandom had more say than Smash-core fan-polling suggested. Resulting in an ironic situation where her own haters were her biggest asset, which kinda suits her.~~

Who knows? I am sure it was sociologically interesting.
            Lol no wonder the Smash community gets made fun off by other fighting game communities.
    From what I heard, Meta Knight was banned for some time, but apparently a ton of people would just not go to tourneys because they only enjoyed Meta Knight.

Regarding Bayo, people were stubborn due to there not being overwhelming evidence of her being OP, by the time people started to agree, Ultimate's release was on the horizon and pushing for it now would be a waste of energy and time.
        Did Nintendo just not patch Bayo? Sometimes they act like they stick their head in the sand. 
            Bayo was way worse when she just released. She got a few changes at first (which also nerfed Corrin and Cloud), then there was a patch that was dedicated to just changing her (this was the final balance patch, from May 2016). 

People took a loooong time to figure out how to play her afterwards. The second rise of Bayo could be attributed to Salem and Mistake, then more people started using her, like Abadango and Tweek.
[deleted]
    Well, not anymore in ultimate. I hope there are no super top tiers in ultimate. Ultimate would be alot more interesting if we see diversity in tournament winners and characters.
Meta Knight did get banned for some time, and it pretty much ruined brawls competitive scene. Since half of everyone main was meta knight, half of the player base left. Imagine if your character that you liked got banned, you would probably stop playing. Eventually meta knight was unbanned, but the scene was pretty much already over.
    Lol I think the fact that half of everyone's main was Meta Knight tells you everything about the skill of those people. 
        Well actually metaknight and brawl in general took more skill to learn and be good at then smash 4 did which is one reason why upsets are more common in smash 4. Plus most top metaknight players in brawl are also top players in other smash games (mew2king is a melee god, and ZeRo and nairo are top smash 4 players. Those are just some examples)
            Oh ok, thanks for clarifying!
Not more op than brawl metaknight it's just that most smash 4 players want to complain instead of learning how to do certain things. In smash ultimate palutena's guidance for bayonetta even references the "just sdi" meme and someone even mentioned that they see clouds get gimped more often on nairo's streams than in actual tournament sets. 
There have been some heartbreaking tournament sets won/lost because of how poorly balanced rage is.

I love Smash and am beyond grateful for everything Sakurai and the dev team have given us, but I legitimately hate Smash 4. I’m so excited to play a game that actually rewards skill.
    But rage is present in Ultimate too, isn't it?
        Yeah, but it’s balanced better this time around. The faster pace of Ultimate and the lack of brain dead kill confirms off grabs (Thank Christ) take away half the battle to begin with though.
            You don't know about the lack of kill confirms
                Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
                    Maybe it's just new combos
        ~~According to a post from someone who's seen/played an early copy, you can actually turn it off entirely. But I don't want to make any conclusions after the whole 30% hitstun thing. Let me see if I can dig a link.~~

above isn't true, got it from the top/2nd top post on front page which has been edited as well.
            It’s not rage, it’s a mechanic that gives you stat boosts when you’re losing and is off by default
                Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
        From the E3 build, I heard that its a static amount that is present over 100%, rather than scaling.
>Not so sure about that. ICs and their chain grabs straight up ruined the game and would turn the already super defensive metagame (where a minute could go by where both parties barely touch each other) into an outright cat-and-mouse game


Only because they're bad stages were MK's autowin stages. If MK didn't get Halberd/Delfino/Rainbow Cruise banned ICs would have been fine
    I have a feeling Rainbow Cruise would probably be banned regardless of Meta Knight's presence for being an autoscroller among other things. Halberd also has hazards, which are fairly questionable elements anyway, and Smash 4 tournaments eventually rejected Delfino as well.
Bro MK was the camp lord, he's the reason the ledge grab limit exists. He could do like 2 invincible uairs from the ledge and regrab it and be invincible for like 90% of the time lol. He would just spam unclankable high priority aerials that came out super fast and no one could do anything about it. He'd basically gain the lead and then force people to approach his impossible to beat options.
    Well yeah of course he was--but in a game of campiness and almost purely defensive meta, at least he was stylish...after his stupid broken techniques were banned.
        MK is most definitely not stylish. He is fun to play as because he’s like the only super fast character. But he’s campy and lame, especially vs other high tiers who can actually fight him
This. Especially when you consider that up to mid level, ICs are way easier to use and more frustrating to fight. Brawl would absolutely not be better off with just an MK-ban. Every objective and observable factor dictates this. 


TP is still my favorite zelda (yes even above BotW and WW) and apparently that's a super controversial opinion lmao
    I'm right there with you.  The story was one of my favorites and they have yet to recreate the feel of the combat in that game.  
Meh, it's just a worse Ocarina IMO
I think Odyssey is fantastic as long as people look at it exactly what it intended to be (a collectathon), rather than what they thought it'd be (the successor to Super Mario 64).

Odyssey isn't my favorite Mario game, but I firmly would call it "the greatest collectathon ever made". I'm just not much a fan of collectathons is all.

Additionally, while BotW was my favorite game last year (and honestly probably of all time), Odyssey had my top 2 favorite moments in any video game last year, hands down. Both had me tearing up.
    I assume one of those moments you're referring to is the NDC Festival? ...and the second part is >!the Mario 64 throwback with Peach's Castle!<???
        Nothing other than the NDC Festival.

No for the second one though, the second one was [everything from the Honeylune Ridge Escape sequence, including the music there, all the way to the end with Mario and Bowser and Peach and the flowers.](/spoiler)
            I loved the NDC Festival so much....I loved the Honeylude Ridge sequence, but I didn't really like the ending cutscene with Peach, Mario, Bowser and the flowers...just felt too forced and anti-climatic after the awesome stuff happening IMHO.

P.S. Bowser's Kingdom in Odyssey has dethroned Bowser in the Sky from Mario 64 as my favorite Bowser level of all time. Oh man, super creative and the music by Koji Kondo was amazing and very Japanese-style for that level.

I'm curious....what are your top 5 favorite Mario games?

Mine are personally;

1. Super Mario Odyssey
2. Super Mario 64 = Super Mario Sunshine (My second favorite is interexchangeable between 64 and Sunshine, but I probably choose 64 over Sunshine a decent amount more consistently...but it's not uncommon for me to put Sunshine above 64 as well.)
3. Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door
4. The original Paper Mario 64

...and honorable mentions go to the Mario Galaxy games, Mario & Luigi 1 and 3, Yoshi's Island, and Super Mario RPG.

Super Mario World, Mario 3, Mario 2 USA, Mario Land 2, Mario Kart Wii, and Mario Strikers Charged are also great.

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
                To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
>Before you say Odyssey is loved, reminder that BotW constantly destroys Odyssey big time in battles.

What kind of battles? Do you mean critical reception?
No, you are just very narrowminded. You are free to have an opinion, but opinions can be stupid too.
    Sure they can but I'm not just hating on the game for the sake of hating on a game. I'm backing up my statements with valid points that pertain to why I dislike these past Smash games. You are ironically the one being narrow-minded because you think people you disagree with are wrong. Not everyone thinks "these games are hella fun." 
Melee kind of has two main themes though (the opening theme and Menu 1), both of which are remixed elsewhere in the game (opening is remixed as Menu 2 and both Multi-Man Melee themes, Menu 1 as Battlefield), though later games seem to give more attention to Menu 1. Are you referring to both of them together or just one of them in that ranking?  
Smash 64's ending theme is kind of its main theme- it's the song that represents 64 in Brawl's credits medley, an arrangement of it plays in the second half of the intro and it was remixed as Melee's FD theme and as a track in Brawl/Smash 4.
The only time I can remember actually preferring the english lyrics to a video game song was Simple and Clean from Kingdom Hearts. Both versions are good but the english version feels "right-er" for some reason.
    Yeah, Simple and Clean, Snake Eater, and I guess Parappa the Rapper 1-2 are the only exceptions I can think of.  And I was on the fence hard when I first heard S&C as a yungern, I wasn’t ready for that pop

I mean, Crush 40’s aight.


    Honestly, and I'm not trying to be misogynist, but the ones i dont line usually have one thing in common. A female singer that is trying to be solemn, and failing. The Beginners Guide ending, for example.
        It's perfectly understandable, you probably dislike the higher pitch of the voice rather than the singer themselves. It's always been weird to me when people feel they aren't allowed to prefer one genders' singing over the other without being accused of 'misogynism'. They have different tones and pitches and at the end of the day that boils down to musical preference.
There's not a lot of lyrical game themes I like either, but I think a few pull them off in English just fine. Sonic games can be hit or miss, but there's some solid ones like Reach for the Stars and His World. Ico also has a really nice lyrical theme called You Were There, although I think the song is much better in the context of the game. 
    To be honest, I did love the Mario Odyssey vocal songs like Break Free and Jump Up Super Star.
        The final boss theme was okay. This won't be popular, but I didn't think Jump Up Superstar was that good. I didn't think it was bad either, but I feel like the only appeal it had was the novelty of being the first lyrical Mario track. The song itself was super forgettable, and if it weren't the first lyrical Mario song I doubt it would be as popular.
            Actually JUSS isn't the first lyrical Mario song...

&#x200B;

this actually is; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm\_7krlw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm_7krlw)

It also didn't become too mainstream despite being on the Wii and IIRC a pretty high selling Mario game.

However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.
                I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
                    Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
                Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
                    Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
I honestly really liked the Japanese version of Lifelight tbh.

However, English version felt like it was trying to hard to be the Jump Up Super Star of Smash Bros.
Generic Anime Intro? I'm gonna have to use that one. That's a pretty good description. 
I don't know fam. Every video I see is just chaingrabs, and meta knight. Even if it has more options, the game still looks way slower, and a characters placing seems to be placed entirely upon how they fight Meta Knight.
    Fun-fact, Smash 4 has more landing lag and end lag with character moves than Brawl did.
    Every time I watch Smash 4 I see Bayonetta and Witch Time...point is?

Meta Knight may be broken, but atleast he's actually really deep, technical, and has a much higher skill ceiling than Bayonetta. He's far less linear too.

Brawl may be defensive, but so is Smash 4...however, Brawl requires far more creativity and nuances with the defensive options and what-not...Smash 4 is linear and samey with defensive options.

Brawl's core gameplay definitely has much more meat to it.

Also you're judging the core gameplay mechanics based on one character that annoys you...lol

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
In Brawl matches there are times the players are just standing around. They hit each other once and then run away. If someone dares to approach Meta Knight, they're destroyed. Brawl's meta was trash.
Bruh Brawl Meta Knight's sword sounds are the most satisfying a sword has ever sounded
    I agree with that...but Ganondorf and Falcon (actual heavy hitters) sound like wet noodles so much it's crazy...

&#x200B;

but Brawl Meta Knight does have amazing sound effects, can't disagree there.
64 is actually my favorite casual Smash too. Might be nostalgia though, but I just love how the items work on it (and it's a really good selection of items), everything is so sharp and you can almost feel when items hit you, everything feels so responsive. 1P mode/BtP-BtT are also super fun. Things don't feel as lively in newer Smash games for me. I did have fun playing various hours of online multiplayer with my friends on Smash 4 3DS (don't have an Wii U), but Smash 64 has a special place on my heart.
    Smash 64's art-style is so cool, unique, expressive, and comic booky...I love it.

&#x200B;

Smash Wii u/3DS's art-style is just so bland, flat, generic, and NSMB-like to me.

Man, I really really don't like Smash 4's art-style, definitely my least favorite out of any Smash game. Smash 64 on the other hand has a fantastic art-style that I want to see an HD remaster of tbh.
        NSMB?
            New Super Mario Bros style. Smash 4's art-style is very comparable to the New Super Mario Bros. art-style of Smash. It may be vibrant, but it's still soulless, cheap, plastic, and generic looking and lacks a definitive identity.
            New Super Mario Bros., I think.
    I can see that, but for me Smash 4 is DEFINITELY better than 64, despite its flaws. But everyone has different preferences.
On Smash 4 you could just ledge trump but in previous games there was no trumping and if you tried to grab ledge while somebody was on it you just fall to your death
    Yeah, that's what I meant too. There's absolutely nothing you can do about that, so it seems more fair to have ledge trumping. It's one of the features in Smash 4 that I really liked.
Yes
Keep in mind too this is likely not the first time they've been treated this way, Bayo players get a lot of hate.
    Not even close to the first time; CaptainZack, Lima and Mistake all got tons of hate for a while.
        If I was in the same position, I'd honestly probably do the same thing. The way people treat Bayo players is disgusting, so fuck em. 
            to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
            Yes fuck the bayo players
The crowd has zero blame. In any professional sport you don’t just spot the opponent a goal. This is a major tourney. I can’t even imagine someone turning over a ball and the other team just gives it back.

Edit: Downvoted? They trolled a match, broke competition rules, and flipped off the crowd but they shouldn’t be annoyed? Classic.
    I would agree but both captain Zack and Lima ( he two bayo players) are just kids and get soo much flack from the community for their character choice. They've been treated poorly by the community for months, getting boo'd when they come on stage, people complain when they win, people sending death threats directly to them on Twitter. And it's not like they were sponsored players at the time, so I wouldn't say they're doing this professionally.
        The Smash community can sometimes be so toxic. Like take a chill pill it's just a game.
            On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
        If they weren't top players nobody would be offering excuses. I'm not saying they're awful persons or something like that, but they should've been DQed or faced some kind of penalty for their behavior.
    Competitive smash has quite a way to go before it's a football level of a competitive sport. The differences in fans and money are probably comparable to pre school football to professional football. 
    Getting tons of hate all the time for simply playing a character in a fighting game? Not an excuse to be annoyed and act childish

Kid flips of crowd (and later causes even more trouble) because of the constant hate he gets? Perfect excuse for the crowd to be annoyed and act childish, they are not to blame.

Either no one was to blame, or both sides were to blame, because neither side acted better than the other, but also had their reasons. It was understandable, but they shouldn't have harassed others over their annoyances, because we can clearly see that it just causes a shitshow.
        Yeah people assume I’m saying the kid did something wrong because I defended the crowd. He shouldn’t flip people off but at sporting events people boo. It happens. I saw people raging on reddit over people booing at a League of Legends match. They booed because it was a rival team. No one got that and called the crowd dicks for not cheering everyone.
People boo professional sports players all the time. If one of them flipped of the crowd they would be penalized financially or through suspensions immediately 
Love how people push esports to be equal to regular sports and then day things like this. How does the crowd act in real sports? What happens when players respond like that? 
They get suspended without pay. Toughen up.
    Incomparable, dont kid yourself.
Wait who quit? Zach or lima?
    Zacc, the man who is not a snacc.
Its relevant I guess
Lol this is absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they all agree on that Bayo should be banned? If she's that OP, it just takes out the fun for everyone.
    ~~Because moronic conspiracy theories made it look like hating on her was cool, and by the time it became obvious it wasn't just a few rowdy haters there were too many people who enjoyed playing her so the debate went on and on. It was a backlash to hateful backlash that spiralled outta control because a few people couldn't accept that the active and modern Nintendo fandom had more say than Smash-core fan-polling suggested. Resulting in an ironic situation where her own haters were her biggest asset, which kinda suits her.~~

Who knows? I am sure it was sociologically interesting.
        Lol no wonder the Smash community gets made fun off by other fighting game communities.
From what I heard, Meta Knight was banned for some time, but apparently a ton of people would just not go to tourneys because they only enjoyed Meta Knight.

Regarding Bayo, people were stubborn due to there not being overwhelming evidence of her being OP, by the time people started to agree, Ultimate's release was on the horizon and pushing for it now would be a waste of energy and time.
    Did Nintendo just not patch Bayo? Sometimes they act like they stick their head in the sand. 
        Bayo was way worse when she just released. She got a few changes at first (which also nerfed Corrin and Cloud), then there was a patch that was dedicated to just changing her (this was the final balance patch, from May 2016). 

People took a loooong time to figure out how to play her afterwards. The second rise of Bayo could be attributed to Salem and Mistake, then more people started using her, like Abadango and Tweek.
Well, not anymore in ultimate. I hope there are no super top tiers in ultimate. Ultimate would be alot more interesting if we see diversity in tournament winners and characters.
Lol I think the fact that half of everyone's main was Meta Knight tells you everything about the skill of those people. 
    Well actually metaknight and brawl in general took more skill to learn and be good at then smash 4 did which is one reason why upsets are more common in smash 4. Plus most top metaknight players in brawl are also top players in other smash games (mew2king is a melee god, and ZeRo and nairo are top smash 4 players. Those are just some examples)
        Oh ok, thanks for clarifying!
But rage is present in Ultimate too, isn't it?
    Yeah, but it’s balanced better this time around. The faster pace of Ultimate and the lack of brain dead kill confirms off grabs (Thank Christ) take away half the battle to begin with though.
        You don't know about the lack of kill confirms
            Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
                Maybe it's just new combos
    ~~According to a post from someone who's seen/played an early copy, you can actually turn it off entirely. But I don't want to make any conclusions after the whole 30% hitstun thing. Let me see if I can dig a link.~~

above isn't true, got it from the top/2nd top post on front page which has been edited as well.
        It’s not rage, it’s a mechanic that gives you stat boosts when you’re losing and is off by default
            Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
    From the E3 build, I heard that its a static amount that is present over 100%, rather than scaling.
I have a feeling Rainbow Cruise would probably be banned regardless of Meta Knight's presence for being an autoscroller among other things. Halberd also has hazards, which are fairly questionable elements anyway, and Smash 4 tournaments eventually rejected Delfino as well.
Well yeah of course he was--but in a game of campiness and almost purely defensive meta, at least he was stylish...after his stupid broken techniques were banned.
    MK is most definitely not stylish. He is fun to play as because he’s like the only super fast character. But he’s campy and lame, especially vs other high tiers who can actually fight him
I'm right there with you.  The story was one of my favorites and they have yet to recreate the feel of the combat in that game.  
I assume one of those moments you're referring to is the NDC Festival? ...and the second part is >!the Mario 64 throwback with Peach's Castle!<???
    Nothing other than the NDC Festival.

No for the second one though, the second one was [everything from the Honeylune Ridge Escape sequence, including the music there, all the way to the end with Mario and Bowser and Peach and the flowers.](/spoiler)
        I loved the NDC Festival so much....I loved the Honeylude Ridge sequence, but I didn't really like the ending cutscene with Peach, Mario, Bowser and the flowers...just felt too forced and anti-climatic after the awesome stuff happening IMHO.

P.S. Bowser's Kingdom in Odyssey has dethroned Bowser in the Sky from Mario 64 as my favorite Bowser level of all time. Oh man, super creative and the music by Koji Kondo was amazing and very Japanese-style for that level.

I'm curious....what are your top 5 favorite Mario games?

Mine are personally;

1. Super Mario Odyssey
2. Super Mario 64 = Super Mario Sunshine (My second favorite is interexchangeable between 64 and Sunshine, but I probably choose 64 over Sunshine a decent amount more consistently...but it's not uncommon for me to put Sunshine above 64 as well.)
3. Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door
4. The original Paper Mario 64

...and honorable mentions go to the Mario Galaxy games, Mario & Luigi 1 and 3, Yoshi's Island, and Super Mario RPG.

Super Mario World, Mario 3, Mario 2 USA, Mario Land 2, Mario Kart Wii, and Mario Strikers Charged are also great.

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
            To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
Sure they can but I'm not just hating on the game for the sake of hating on a game. I'm backing up my statements with valid points that pertain to why I dislike these past Smash games. You are ironically the one being narrow-minded because you think people you disagree with are wrong. Not everyone thinks "these games are hella fun." 
Yeah, Simple and Clean, Snake Eater, and I guess Parappa the Rapper 1-2 are the only exceptions I can think of.  And I was on the fence hard when I first heard S&C as a yungern, I wasn’t ready for that pop

I mean, Crush 40’s aight.


Honestly, and I'm not trying to be misogynist, but the ones i dont line usually have one thing in common. A female singer that is trying to be solemn, and failing. The Beginners Guide ending, for example.
    It's perfectly understandable, you probably dislike the higher pitch of the voice rather than the singer themselves. It's always been weird to me when people feel they aren't allowed to prefer one genders' singing over the other without being accused of 'misogynism'. They have different tones and pitches and at the end of the day that boils down to musical preference.
To be honest, I did love the Mario Odyssey vocal songs like Break Free and Jump Up Super Star.
    The final boss theme was okay. This won't be popular, but I didn't think Jump Up Superstar was that good. I didn't think it was bad either, but I feel like the only appeal it had was the novelty of being the first lyrical Mario track. The song itself was super forgettable, and if it weren't the first lyrical Mario song I doubt it would be as popular.
        Actually JUSS isn't the first lyrical Mario song...

&#x200B;

this actually is; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm\_7krlw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm_7krlw)

It also didn't become too mainstream despite being on the Wii and IIRC a pretty high selling Mario game.

However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.
            I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
                Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
            Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
                Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
Fun-fact, Smash 4 has more landing lag and end lag with character moves than Brawl did.
Every time I watch Smash 4 I see Bayonetta and Witch Time...point is?

Meta Knight may be broken, but atleast he's actually really deep, technical, and has a much higher skill ceiling than Bayonetta. He's far less linear too.

Brawl may be defensive, but so is Smash 4...however, Brawl requires far more creativity and nuances with the defensive options and what-not...Smash 4 is linear and samey with defensive options.

Brawl's core gameplay definitely has much more meat to it.

Also you're judging the core gameplay mechanics based on one character that annoys you...lol

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
I agree with that...but Ganondorf and Falcon (actual heavy hitters) sound like wet noodles so much it's crazy...

&#x200B;

but Brawl Meta Knight does have amazing sound effects, can't disagree there.
Smash 64's art-style is so cool, unique, expressive, and comic booky...I love it.

&#x200B;

Smash Wii u/3DS's art-style is just so bland, flat, generic, and NSMB-like to me.

Man, I really really don't like Smash 4's art-style, definitely my least favorite out of any Smash game. Smash 64 on the other hand has a fantastic art-style that I want to see an HD remaster of tbh.
    NSMB?
        New Super Mario Bros style. Smash 4's art-style is very comparable to the New Super Mario Bros. art-style of Smash. It may be vibrant, but it's still soulless, cheap, plastic, and generic looking and lacks a definitive identity.
        New Super Mario Bros., I think.
I can see that, but for me Smash 4 is DEFINITELY better than 64, despite its flaws. But everyone has different preferences.
Yeah, that's what I meant too. There's absolutely nothing you can do about that, so it seems more fair to have ledge trumping. It's one of the features in Smash 4 that I really liked.
Not even close to the first time; CaptainZack, Lima and Mistake all got tons of hate for a while.
    If I was in the same position, I'd honestly probably do the same thing. The way people treat Bayo players is disgusting, so fuck em. 
        to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
        Yes fuck the bayo players
I would agree but both captain Zack and Lima ( he two bayo players) are just kids and get soo much flack from the community for their character choice. They've been treated poorly by the community for months, getting boo'd when they come on stage, people complain when they win, people sending death threats directly to them on Twitter. And it's not like they were sponsored players at the time, so I wouldn't say they're doing this professionally.
    The Smash community can sometimes be so toxic. Like take a chill pill it's just a game.
        On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
    If they weren't top players nobody would be offering excuses. I'm not saying they're awful persons or something like that, but they should've been DQed or faced some kind of penalty for their behavior.
Competitive smash has quite a way to go before it's a football level of a competitive sport. The differences in fans and money are probably comparable to pre school football to professional football. 
Getting tons of hate all the time for simply playing a character in a fighting game? Not an excuse to be annoyed and act childish

Kid flips of crowd (and later causes even more trouble) because of the constant hate he gets? Perfect excuse for the crowd to be annoyed and act childish, they are not to blame.

Either no one was to blame, or both sides were to blame, because neither side acted better than the other, but also had their reasons. It was understandable, but they shouldn't have harassed others over their annoyances, because we can clearly see that it just causes a shitshow.
    Yeah people assume I’m saying the kid did something wrong because I defended the crowd. He shouldn’t flip people off but at sporting events people boo. It happens. I saw people raging on reddit over people booing at a League of Legends match. They booed because it was a rival team. No one got that and called the crowd dicks for not cheering everyone.
Incomparable, dont kid yourself.
Zacc, the man who is not a snacc.
~~Because moronic conspiracy theories made it look like hating on her was cool, and by the time it became obvious it wasn't just a few rowdy haters there were too many people who enjoyed playing her so the debate went on and on. It was a backlash to hateful backlash that spiralled outta control because a few people couldn't accept that the active and modern Nintendo fandom had more say than Smash-core fan-polling suggested. Resulting in an ironic situation where her own haters were her biggest asset, which kinda suits her.~~

Who knows? I am sure it was sociologically interesting.
    Lol no wonder the Smash community gets made fun off by other fighting game communities.
Did Nintendo just not patch Bayo? Sometimes they act like they stick their head in the sand. 
    Bayo was way worse when she just released. She got a few changes at first (which also nerfed Corrin and Cloud), then there was a patch that was dedicated to just changing her (this was the final balance patch, from May 2016). 

People took a loooong time to figure out how to play her afterwards. The second rise of Bayo could be attributed to Salem and Mistake, then more people started using her, like Abadango and Tweek.
Well actually metaknight and brawl in general took more skill to learn and be good at then smash 4 did which is one reason why upsets are more common in smash 4. Plus most top metaknight players in brawl are also top players in other smash games (mew2king is a melee god, and ZeRo and nairo are top smash 4 players. Those are just some examples)
    Oh ok, thanks for clarifying!
Yeah, but it’s balanced better this time around. The faster pace of Ultimate and the lack of brain dead kill confirms off grabs (Thank Christ) take away half the battle to begin with though.
    You don't know about the lack of kill confirms
        Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
            Maybe it's just new combos
~~According to a post from someone who's seen/played an early copy, you can actually turn it off entirely. But I don't want to make any conclusions after the whole 30% hitstun thing. Let me see if I can dig a link.~~

above isn't true, got it from the top/2nd top post on front page which has been edited as well.
    It’s not rage, it’s a mechanic that gives you stat boosts when you’re losing and is off by default
        Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
From the E3 build, I heard that its a static amount that is present over 100%, rather than scaling.
MK is most definitely not stylish. He is fun to play as because he’s like the only super fast character. But he’s campy and lame, especially vs other high tiers who can actually fight him
Nothing other than the NDC Festival.

No for the second one though, the second one was [everything from the Honeylune Ridge Escape sequence, including the music there, all the way to the end with Mario and Bowser and Peach and the flowers.](/spoiler)
    I loved the NDC Festival so much....I loved the Honeylude Ridge sequence, but I didn't really like the ending cutscene with Peach, Mario, Bowser and the flowers...just felt too forced and anti-climatic after the awesome stuff happening IMHO.

P.S. Bowser's Kingdom in Odyssey has dethroned Bowser in the Sky from Mario 64 as my favorite Bowser level of all time. Oh man, super creative and the music by Koji Kondo was amazing and very Japanese-style for that level.

I'm curious....what are your top 5 favorite Mario games?

Mine are personally;

1. Super Mario Odyssey
2. Super Mario 64 = Super Mario Sunshine (My second favorite is interexchangeable between 64 and Sunshine, but I probably choose 64 over Sunshine a decent amount more consistently...but it's not uncommon for me to put Sunshine above 64 as well.)
3. Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door
4. The original Paper Mario 64

...and honorable mentions go to the Mario Galaxy games, Mario & Luigi 1 and 3, Yoshi's Island, and Super Mario RPG.

Super Mario World, Mario 3, Mario 2 USA, Mario Land 2, Mario Kart Wii, and Mario Strikers Charged are also great.

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
        To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
It's perfectly understandable, you probably dislike the higher pitch of the voice rather than the singer themselves. It's always been weird to me when people feel they aren't allowed to prefer one genders' singing over the other without being accused of 'misogynism'. They have different tones and pitches and at the end of the day that boils down to musical preference.
The final boss theme was okay. This won't be popular, but I didn't think Jump Up Superstar was that good. I didn't think it was bad either, but I feel like the only appeal it had was the novelty of being the first lyrical Mario track. The song itself was super forgettable, and if it weren't the first lyrical Mario song I doubt it would be as popular.
    Actually JUSS isn't the first lyrical Mario song...

&#x200B;

this actually is; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm\_7krlw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm_7krlw)

It also didn't become too mainstream despite being on the Wii and IIRC a pretty high selling Mario game.

However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.
        I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
            Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
        Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
            Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
NSMB?
    New Super Mario Bros style. Smash 4's art-style is very comparable to the New Super Mario Bros. art-style of Smash. It may be vibrant, but it's still soulless, cheap, plastic, and generic looking and lacks a definitive identity.
    New Super Mario Bros., I think.
If I was in the same position, I'd honestly probably do the same thing. The way people treat Bayo players is disgusting, so fuck em. 
    to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
    Yes fuck the bayo players
The Smash community can sometimes be so toxic. Like take a chill pill it's just a game.
    On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
If they weren't top players nobody would be offering excuses. I'm not saying they're awful persons or something like that, but they should've been DQed or faced some kind of penalty for their behavior.
Yeah people assume I’m saying the kid did something wrong because I defended the crowd. He shouldn’t flip people off but at sporting events people boo. It happens. I saw people raging on reddit over people booing at a League of Legends match. They booed because it was a rival team. No one got that and called the crowd dicks for not cheering everyone.
Lol no wonder the Smash community gets made fun off by other fighting game communities.
Bayo was way worse when she just released. She got a few changes at first (which also nerfed Corrin and Cloud), then there was a patch that was dedicated to just changing her (this was the final balance patch, from May 2016). 

People took a loooong time to figure out how to play her afterwards. The second rise of Bayo could be attributed to Salem and Mistake, then more people started using her, like Abadango and Tweek.
Oh ok, thanks for clarifying!
You don't know about the lack of kill confirms
    Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
        Maybe it's just new combos
It’s not rage, it’s a mechanic that gives you stat boosts when you’re losing and is off by default
    Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
I loved the NDC Festival so much....I loved the Honeylude Ridge sequence, but I didn't really like the ending cutscene with Peach, Mario, Bowser and the flowers...just felt too forced and anti-climatic after the awesome stuff happening IMHO.

P.S. Bowser's Kingdom in Odyssey has dethroned Bowser in the Sky from Mario 64 as my favorite Bowser level of all time. Oh man, super creative and the music by Koji Kondo was amazing and very Japanese-style for that level.

I'm curious....what are your top 5 favorite Mario games?

Mine are personally;

1. Super Mario Odyssey
2. Super Mario 64 = Super Mario Sunshine (My second favorite is interexchangeable between 64 and Sunshine, but I probably choose 64 over Sunshine a decent amount more consistently...but it's not uncommon for me to put Sunshine above 64 as well.)
3. Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door
4. The original Paper Mario 64

...and honorable mentions go to the Mario Galaxy games, Mario & Luigi 1 and 3, Yoshi's Island, and Super Mario RPG.

Super Mario World, Mario 3, Mario 2 USA, Mario Land 2, Mario Kart Wii, and Mario Strikers Charged are also great.

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
    To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
Actually JUSS isn't the first lyrical Mario song...

&#x200B;

this actually is; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm\_7krlw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj9Nm_7krlw)

It also didn't become too mainstream despite being on the Wii and IIRC a pretty high selling Mario game.

However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.
    I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
        Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
    Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
        Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
New Super Mario Bros style. Smash 4's art-style is very comparable to the New Super Mario Bros. art-style of Smash. It may be vibrant, but it's still soulless, cheap, plastic, and generic looking and lacks a definitive identity.
New Super Mario Bros., I think.
to be fair bayo was sorta busted and shit got boring, y'feel me? at high levels of play you'll definitely need as much skill as anyone else but a hop a skip or a jump away from that it just feels like a slap in the face if you play anyone but her against her.
Yes fuck the bayo players
On the flip side I’ve also seen a lot of people in League of Legends posts complaining about people booing. It’s a sport, you will have people boo whoever their team is playing.
Ding Dong doesn’t connect past mid-percents, Bowser can’t Koo-Pah, Robin can’t Checkmate, Lucas’ D-Throw doesn’t lead to anything.
    Maybe it's just new combos
Yeah you are correct, I'm gonna edit that comment real quick. Sorry!
To each their own, but I thought the final cutscene was the best ending to a Mario game, period. Hilarious, fit the spirit of the game, cute, and with some excellent music to boot.

For me, I can't really rank anything outside of my top 3--it's kinda hard to judge. I also have a hard time ranking non-platformers against platformers, so here's my platformers ranking.

But my top 3 are:

1. Super Mario Galaxy - Just a magical experience all around, and one of my favorite games to 100%.
2. Super Mario World - *Riiiight* below SMG. I consider it the best platformer I've ever played in my life, though SMG I consider an overall better experience as a whole (just because it's so masterful in general).
3. Super Mario Odyssey - Significantly below those two. I loved quite a few things about it, but also had some gripes (music outside of a few select themes, difficulty ceiling, and not enough utilization of the amazing advanced techniques in the form of heavier platforming except in Metro Kingdom).
I thought that was just a gamecube game. 
    Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
Superstar Baseball also had a lyrical song.

> However as for Lifelight, I think that's probably genuinely the first Smash lyrical song, yet I see all kinds of hate for it.

Brawl's main theme was also lyrical, and you could even hear it on the menu at times.
    Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
Maybe it's just new combos
Really? I genuinely thought it was a Wii game...but yeah just looked it up and you're correct. Guess that makes more sense why DDR's vocal theme didn't hit mainstream.
Wait what duck, this post is old as fuck.

But you're right.
