[[Wildcard]]





Wait, you will have to pay for the ark ue5 remaster even if you already have ark?
    Yes
    But if you play on Xbox or pc/steam than it will also include Ark 2, so that’s not really a bad deal. The part people are taking issue with is the DLC’s being paid all over again. I would imagine they will add a discount to them eventually.
        Everyone seems to be ignoring the whole ark 2 for 50$ with a side of Ark 1.5. Making it sound like you have to pay 50 for the upgrade and that’s it.
            Ark 2 for $50 a YEAR AND A HALF before it comes out. With no gameplay footage until next year. They want you to buy a game they have told you nothing about
                Most games are starting to be 70$ a year or 2 before they come out and they dont come with any game before then. I'm not saying its right to charge for all this but compared to everything else going on with shit like this its a steal.
                    No they dont. Usually you can preorder games a few month before release (something around 2month) but never more than a year
                        Duke nukem was able to be preordered for like 10 years. I know that is an exception but still. Just because everything is EA now doesn’t mean your not basically preordering.
                            Lmao at using Duke nukem as a comparison for anything. Why even pre-orders games? You can pretty much buy any game week of release and get the pre-order edition or bonus code, but who really needs some gimicky bonus skin anyway. Games don't sell out of physical copies and literally why would you need to pre-order a digital download when my internet downloads a 100gb game in 5 min. I can't remember any game selling out for pre-order since digital downloads have existed. I pre-ordered BF2042 for early access as a big fan of the series and literally got screwed out of $100 because I trusted EA and assumed they wouldn't serve up a platter of hot dogshit. It's my fault though for falling for gimmicky pre-order bullshit. Does any remember pre-ordering a physical game with cash at toysrus or EB games or whatever and going to pick it up day of or night before a hype release? THPS2, pokemon yellow, GTA vice city. Now those were some hype ass games worth pre-ordering lol. Back when games actually sold out on pre-sale with no bonuses.
                    They are also releasing a sequel to a game they never actually finished.
            It’s because people haven’t seen any gameplay yet, but I mean either way for me I would buy as I’m a huge fan of Ark so will definitely want to try Ark 2.
            You left out having to pay for all original ark 1.5 dlc again separately
            I don't think people are ignoring the fact you get Ark2 for $50, but rather they don't want to be forced to purchase it so they can continue to play Ark SA on official servers.    


I would rather pay $10-15 for Ark SA and not have Ark2 included as I don't like the direction they are taking the combat in the style of the Souls games and I don't like purchasing a game without seeing concrete game play before hand. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be forced into Crowd Funding a project I'm not sure about. It's a dirty tactic and tells me they have no faith in it.    


Oh.. and I'm saying I'd pay $10 for Ark SA because they have advertised the PS5 version of Ark2 for $39.99 which means since PC and Xbox get Ark SA with their $49.99 purchase, it's only a $10 difference, and therefore people should be given the choice to purchase just Ark SA for that $10 without Ark 2.   


On top of this, after having seen the issues with Forspoken on the Unreal 5 Engine and how players basically had to run it on Low settings or have an RTX 4090 and state of the art PC to run it on High and Ultra settings, I have no faith that this same issues isn't going to happen with the upgrade, and I'd rather wait and see how that's going to play out.  


So why the heck would I want to pay more money for a "Remaster" that potentially isn't going to play or look any better than what I currently play on my current hardware? The official servers are not a draw for me.
                A perfectly valid point.
            No you're paying 50 bucks for 1.5. which links to but does not purchase ark2. You will have to also purchase ark 2 it's self upon release and all dlc for the original ark due to it also being "remastered" dlc content this includes all map packs.
I would be fine with it, but 40$ for purchasing the DLCs is way too much. I have already bought them once.
    If they made the dlcs free for ascendet it would be not such a big problem
        Or if you already owned the DLCs for ARK: SE you would get discount or get them for free
            If the discount isn't 50% minimum you're still getting screwed.
        Exactly my feeling on this, forcing us to rebuy the dlcs is so blatantly predatory it makes me furious
    I bought aberration and scorched earth individually a long time ago, but I can't get the 3rd DLC because it's only available in the season pass, and I can't buy the season pass because I already own the other 2 DLCs lmao. This is on PS Store.
        You should’ve just purchased the Ultimate Survivor Edition. It comes with ALL maps, story and free DLC, packaged in one.
        Not even the Gen 1 and Gen 2 pass? 
https://store.playstation.com/en-us/product/UP0691-CUSA06676_00-ARKGENESISPASS00
            I got the genesis DLCs, I was talking about Extinction lol.
        That's strange bcs I bought aberration then it let me buy the season pass
        i dont play on PS not really sure why it wont let yoou buy a season pass just because you own some of the dlc already individually. maybe its a sony issue. not how xbox store works.
    Games been built from the ground up in unreal 5, developers don't work for nothing.
        ye but its kinda scam for all who already bought it and like 110 dollar for a game i already have is just not woth it for UE5 and some bugg fixes which they should have made years ago
            Games been rebuilt from the ground up in Unreal 5, it's not just a simple graphics update.
The game will look and feel completely different, it'll be a new game but Ark.
                i personally would wait a few days/weeks before buying it because i want to see what they fixed and reworked first because im not gonna buy a buggy piece of shit for that price if i already have the game
                Ground up? No it hasn't.
                    Yes it has lol, they've rebuilt it from the ground up using unreal 5.
It'll be bigger and supported for years to come according to Wildcard.
It's borderline a new game, it's a remaster of Ark but better graphics, bug fixes and loads of other implementations.
                        supported for years? u mean like ark officially had/has a support but they dont do shot anyways so...i for my experience wouldnt trust ob wildcards support in any game
                            Recent QoL updates decimating the QoL lol. Took em a month to fix the whistle wheel a pretty vital mechanic to the game. Then the server list stopped putting last played at the top(minor I know). But it's a very simple fix gone ignored for a long time.
                        LOL your obviously trolling.
                            Why am I trolling, because I'm not jumping on the let's hate Ark wagon?
        No one asked for this. We asked for Ark 2
        If it solves meshing and aimbot it’s literally a different game
            No official..... Meshing and aimbotting solved
                Tough to find an unofficial PvP server that has pop and isn’t boosted to high fuck.
                    Oh I know, ue5 upgrade needs a proper server browser. How anyone finds an appropriate server with no way to view the details of prospective servers is beyond me.
    Where did the 40$ figure come from? From what I have seen they haven't announced a price for the DLC, only that there will be one.
        If you check the community crunch on wildcards website regarding the delay for ark 2 it actually does say 19.99 per dlc bundle. Hence the 40 for both purchases
        49.99 for the game then 19.99 for se and abbe, 19.99 for genesis 1/2 and other paid dlcs https://survivetheark.com/index.php?/articles.html/community-crunch-355-ark-roadmap-evo-event-and-more-r2075/
            Oh I see, I am blind. Thanks!
        It says it on the steam news page
Mabe its an april fool
    That would be the least funny April fools joke ever. And that’s saying a lot
    They are based in California, this was posted in the afternoon of March 31st for them
        They are in Washington, near Seattle.
            You're right, I think I knew that and forgot lol. Either way, same timezone.
        🤓
    Its not
    Hope too but they Postet it late at nigth yesterday
        I’m in California they post it while I was in work during the day at 2:41 pm
    I keep waiting for them to say it is.
    Well i gess they think we are fool.
Your forgot Premium mods you have to pay for and a game none of us have seen gameplay for
    That aswell jes
    We've seen the gameplay, it's ark.  The difference is graphics and quality of life changes.
        They're talking about ARk 2 and how to get A:SA you need to get in a bundle with a pre-order for Ark 2
Given all the cheating that happens on official servers, I for one feel that's a right call not allowing them to copy over.
    That’s like creating a lawless country and then bombing it because “it’s lawless”. They have zero moderation. They don’t fix exploits and they don’t monitor the servers, it’s ridiculous to act like the cheaters are doing it under the rug. It’s so blatant because there’s no one that’s going to stop them. Wildcard are childish game developers.
        Maybe they just don't give a shit about Ark 1 anymore? They have been working on this unreal engine 5 version and ark 2. Makes sense that they let Ark 1 go to shit. How long do you think they have known about this complete rehaul of Ark 1? A couple of years at least, why bother fixing anything on Ark 1 and Unreal engine 4, when you are in the process of fixing everything and releasing Ark 1 on Unreal 5?
            Ark devs have always been pretty awful when it comes to literally anything outside the concept itself. Execution and maintenance of its systems are complete afterthoughts.
            The reasoning doesn’t make it any less childish. The devs have literally admitted they don’t like the official player base and they think they are toxic. It’s clear they believe they have a concept that’s capable of becoming a standalone game because they are not going to have their current player base in the same quantity of players if they do this. They are going to kill the community and ark 1 is going to completely shut down.
    They've clearly dumped pvp all together in favor of SOTF and it's a shame.
Why the fuck do they expect us to buy the same game a second time? I've seen a lot of shitty, scummy, pathetic moneygrubbing tactics, but nothing as bad as this. Fuck Wildcard.
    Its really evil
    Releasing a remaster version of an older game and charging for it isn't unheard of in the gaming industry. Normally you can just not buy it and keep playing the original if that bothers you. But if you play on official you're SOL because that's all going offline.
        Releasing and charging more for DLC's that had already released years ago? There's no actual new content here. This is a cashgrab.
            Not surprised though. This is the company that released paid DLC before the game finished beta after all.
            It definitely is, and the only reason they're doing it is because they know Ark 2 is going to take forever. But at least they're also doing a bunch of QOL improvements and adding some new features. So it's not just a straight UE upgrade like we expected.

The DLC absolutely should not cost anything at this point. On that part I'm 100% with you that it's a cash grab.
                I'm fine with the game itself having a cost, but yeah, paying for additional DLC that I already paid for is stupid.

I'll pay 50$ for an upgrade to UE5, but it should be treated as just that. An upgrade of what I have, not a whole new game. Of course in implementation it will technically be a new game, but the philosophy with which they treat it should be a 50$ upgrade, not a new 50$ game.
                    Ark 1 “remaster” gonna end up being ark 2 watch
                        I've been suspecting for a while that Wildcard knows that ARK 2 will be kind of shit, which is why they have been randomly giving us more and more other things while being very vague about the state of ARK 2.

Another random creature vote, and now this? I get that they have a dedicated ARK 1 and ARK 2 team, but if they really needed so much more work to get done you'd think they'd start allocating more resources to ARK 2. At this point I think they should just merge ARK 2 and ASA and find a middle ground that is more similar to ARK 1, but also gives us the story and combat and what not that ARK 2 promised.
        These remasters shouldn't include content that was promised on the main game (UE 5 upgrade for exemple) and shouldn't make you pay for the DLCs, most remastered will include all of the released content of the default game. Worst part is that they'll release a new DLC on the Ascended version that won't be on the normal version. If you supported the game since the start they expect you to buy everything again and continue to support them by buying another DLC. You're penalised over new user that can buy the "remastered" game (And dlc) + ark 2  for the same priced that you paid and they can have the new DLC without needing to pay the game twice.
Actual users should have all their DLC transfered at the very very least.
And yeah, people playing on official servers are expected to start fresh on the same game with new graphics and QOL updates because why the fuck not. Makes no sense at all.
        They're really saying we'll give you the remaster for free if you purchase Ark 2. They are trying to sell a game no one has seen yet. Instead of bundling Ark 2, dont charge $40 for the DLC's.  The problem is a very active player base, 80,000 24 hour peak.  Eve online for example, less than 28k. They are betting on they can make people move.
    Yea I'll likely wait for ark 2 or quit all together. Miss me with this garbage.
    You realize this is snail games
    Then don't buy it?
        Its about that they Lied to us about the update
            Again. Then don't buy it.
                Fuck off lol, people are still allowed to come here and shit on them. "Muh uh just don't buy it guys ha look how smart I am!" Lmfao
                All the stuff I have on official will go offline when they shut off the servers, regardless of whether I buy the new version or not.
                    Did you expect them to be live forever? This eventually happens for all online games.
                        Nope. But considering how they've had legacy servers running for years, even adding servers for new maps to the legacy cluster, I'd at least hope that they'd keep official going for a while into Ark 2's life cycle.
    I've bought it like 4 times. Another couple won't bother me 🤷‍♂️
        Why in the world did you buy it 4 times
            Xbox one, steam, playstion. Once for a friend
To be fair you also get Ark2... in 2026 when it releases
    Forcing people to pay for a game they have no idea of how it look or how it plays just to be able to get the free UE5 upgrade... Yeah...
    Yeah for xbox players
        As well as PC players.
        I was reading and apparently it’ll be coming to PlayStation as well
            It may, but it won't be bundled like for Xbox and PC. So you will probably have to pay for Ark 2 and UE5 separately. Probably costing 100 dollars on Ps5 while on Xbox and Pc, you get both for 50.
                I’m pretty sure in the road map it said the bundle and separate versions would be on Xbox, PlayStation and PC. But ig time will tell
                    Nope. PS5 gets fucked and will pay extra compared to pc and Xbox.
                        That's what a MS exclusive title means when it releases.
                        Oh well that sucks.
                    It’ll come eventually to ps5 but we will have to most likely pay $60+ on top of already paid for ark 1.5 which is $90

Xbox and pc get both for $50 and earlier access.

PlayStation is getting shafted plain and simple.
                        Damn fucking dumb.
    mm yes yummy pay for a prerelease (already dumb) of a game that we have seen 0 gameplay and very little actual footage of.   


Modern gamers everyone
    Did u mean 2062? Cuz I'm pretty sure u meant 2062..
    Yes but who says ark 2 will be good i think it wil be as bad or even worse than ark 1
        then don't buy it
            I wont
                [deleted]
                    "I like the game but it has many problems"

FUCK OFF TROLL!!!""
                    This is an Ark sub, not Ark 2. The post isn't even about Ark 2 calm down
                    1. I like ark 1 but i dont like what they aere doing with the community 
2. If im correct the Name of this subreddit is r/ARK not r/ARK2 this subreddit is for ark 1 and ark 2 so what is even the sense behind your comment ?
3. Who says i cant dislike ark 2 ?
                        I agree with him ark 2 will 100 percent suck it’s easy to tell just from the stuff they have said about it (and it’s made by wildcard). Even if in the 1/10000 chance it doesn’t suck it will be a completely different game.
            But if you wanna play ark ascend then you have to
            I like learning new things.
    Agreed. At first I was thinking no way but $50 for basically a preorder for ark 2 plus some ark content to play with in the mean time. That's not a bad deal at all.
    [deleted]
        By then it will be old technology and they'll make you pay again to upgrade to a new engine.
    You think it's coming out? Seems likely it is vapor ware. No proof it exists as anything besides a concept, a bad concept at that.
    Do I trust them after this "free" update?
    Unless you’re on PlayStation….
Had to know official servers weren't going to last forever.
    I've just always been surprised people still play official servers. PvP ones are toxic, pve was basically impossible to play
        I never had a problem with PVE, just had to spend a few hours picking a good server.
            [deleted]
                Sounds about right. I'd spend am afternoon trying different servers until finding one that was playable, with an open spot, and then was good for months.

But seriously whatever works for each of us.
    Yeah and current official is permanently damaged by years of duping and cheating
        I'm so excited for the duping and cheating in UE5! Anyone else pumped!?
            Duping and cheating *with raytracing*.
                Well boys we got meshed again....

That one tribemate: but we were meshed in UE5!
        How dare they to enhance my toxic dumpster of clusters?
Have you seen the last 24 hours of Steam reviews? They may of just destroyed their franchise. Only time will tell.
    May..... HAVE!
Will the size reduce and get optimization ?? Unlike the first one where it took 500 gigs for the game and all the maps??👀
    Likely yes since it’s a entirely new game
        Look at this mofo putting faith in a company that has CONSISTENTLY shown they are all but completely inept. Good for you tho!!!!
I always thought Ark 2 was unnecessary. Just make Ark good instead…
⚠️ TRADE OFFER ⚠️

We receive:

- 90$

You receive:

- Fixes for bugs we promised to fix last game.
- Grass and water now move.
- Your favorite Mods are now paid.
- You pay for a game you haven't seen any footage about ( Ark 2 )
- 5% better performance 'cause we actually didn't optimized anything, it'll be just the UE5 own benefits.
- Begin all over again 'cause we didn't bother to add compatibility with the original game.
- Pay for the same DLCs all over again but now with fixes we should have added in the original game and moving grass/water.
Why are people saying 90 dollars? I thought it was 50 and the 50 included ark ascended and ark 2? Speaking in pc terms that is
    50 Dollars for the island and the free maps and ark 2 and another 40 Dollars for the dlcs
        Hold on, the ARK 1 DLCS have almost THE SAME PRICE AS THE REMASTERED GAME AND THE SECOND GAME COMBINED?!
            Yes
Could someone link where they initially claimed it was free? I never saw this.
    https://www.reddit.com/r/ARK/comments/128cylm/aged_like_milk/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
    An employee of wildcard  postet a meme in that meme stod that ark 1 will get ue5 there was no word of content we have to pay for or that they take away official Servers to make you buy ark ascendet
        That meme never promised it would be free though. But another reply did show them saying that it would be free, so they did in fact promise it.
            They literally said it would be FREE and no Character wipes. Both lies.
                There is a difference between a lie and a broken promise.
                    No there isn't. It's the same thing.
                        to make an untrue statement *with intent to deceive* (Merriam-Webster)

Why be so confident on a topic that you are clearly clueless about?
                            Why do you think they didn't intend to deceive... This is Wildcard and Snail. They deceive all the time. And how is a "broken promise" any better than a lie?
                                The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
see if they could optimize a 9 year old game and transfer our stuff over id be less mad. but the games 9 years old and still runs like dookie water for most. i can't imagine how bad its going to be on Unreal 5
    Exactly, i couldnt give a fuck if it cost $100 if it meant we keep our progress. Whats the fucking point of starting from scratch only to be probably wiped again when ark2 pops. They know damn well how much work and time go's into this game, with grinding and mutation lines and such. They should just leave ark the fuck alone until ark 2 is finished. Which will be never lol
 Just wanna say here this is definitely snail games making you pay
    Explain
        Snail Games Stock Price.mp4
        Snail games stock plummited right before the they said this
This [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/playark/comments/10jnfxu/unreal_engine_5_updateremaster_for_ark_confirmed/) aged badly.  Im the one at the bottom getting downvoted for thinking we were not gonna get it for free.
WildCard must need money to pay Vin Diesel for his appearance.
    Lol
Wildcard is the best game dev at spitting in their players faces and acting like we should be thanking them.
FIFA players: First time?
Ima pirate these mofos now
Can I at least get it on my PS4?
    Nope. Time to upgrade to PS5.
    No, because the list of things they did to screw people over is long.
    It’s been three years brother don’t even mention the ps4
Well I wouldn’t necessarily expect to get the remastered edition for free, but a discount for owning all the original content would have certainly been appreciated
"paid mods" "re-buy ark" "re-buy dlcs" wtf
Honnestly the no transfer between the 2 game is a really good idea, it will calm the creatures that have 19 000 hours on the game. Def needed wype.
To be more fair you also get Ark 2, access to a month long beta to Ark 2, also Ark SA will have new content, balance changes, quality of life improvements, map changes, cross play, mod support for consoles, a more stable engine, and WC said there’s a lot more which is not mentioned. I thing it’s disingenuous to say it’s just a graphical overhaul. From what it sounds ASA will feel a lot different then ASE, we’ll see how big of an upgrade it is in probably September, but at the end of the day making video games is extremely expensive so it makes sense their charging money for their work.
    Why should i pay for a game I've seen no footage about 2 years early to get a supposed free graphic upgrade? They revealed no screenshot/videos for them to sell it.
        They said ue5 free, turns out it's not. Now they say ark 2 is included in ascended... yea right. Fool me twice... you can't get fooled again.
        Then don’t pay for it. You aren’t forced to pay anything.
    Im just disappointet that the Version that needet it most dint get the graphic update
        Also we didnt even see anithing about ark 2 we cant even say if we like it or not
I'm not sure why people expect Wildcard to host servers for a game for all of eternity. This just happens. Ark is not an online MMORPG that has constant income. It is a survival game with multi-player elements. Shutting down official servers was inevitable eventually.
    They lied and told people they could transfer their characters into the unreal 5 upgrade.
And Ark 2 beta, Ark 2, full mod support on every platform, Crossplay between every platform besides Switch and mobile, new content right of the bat and compatabilitiy with the upcomming dlc aswell as the possibility of even more DLC, TLC and QoL improvements. Yes this is a good deal and Im tired of people thinking its not. Yes Id rather have it for free too but come on. They need to make money and Ark 1 isnt getting them that much anymore. Also this may shock you but... You can still play the OG Ark without having to buy Ark 1.5! Amazing right!
    >You can still play the OG Ark without having to buy Ark 1.5!

Not on official servers you can't. That one single thing is what ruins all this for me. I might have actually considered buying a remastered version of the game, especially since the bundle includes Ark 2, even though it was on its own entirely separate cluster and we couldn't bring anything in. But having the current official server network go down, and taking out all the stuff that I've spent years working on? That fucking hurts.
        Yes this sucks but official players are the minority I believe. So unless you play official literally nothing will change
        Cry
    Because it's a bad deal right now. If they come out and say they're adding new stuff to the dlcs to justify 4ebuying them, thats a different story. ASA being 50 dollars is fine, the dlcs being an additional 40 for nothing new isnt.
        Yes its a bit much but consider that the DLC cost like 30$ at launch so you get every DLC for 10$ more onto the back then prize. I can understand the outrage about it costing money but remember that in order to even make things like these possible they just need the money
            Consider this, they said it would be free #1 and #2 it's not our fault they're incapable of making ark 2. If it's really Bern in production since probably before 2020, they've most likely sunk all their resources into it. It's not our fault wildcard is so wildly mismanaged that ark 2 won't be out till the end of 2024
                I agree that it was assholish of them to announce it for free. But still. You dont have to pay for it at all if you dont support it.
                    I would happily support ASA if they weren't trying to get me to spend 40 dollars on dlc I bought for 60 when at this moment the only thing they're doing is putting the dlcs through unreal 5 for better graphics. Really at the end of the day 90% of people's complaints is having to rebuild dlc for only a face lift.
What is the FFFF do they mean "souls-like"??!! 

>We also recognize that ARK 2 has some pretty significant design changes from the original game, which may not make it as appealing to everyone (looking at you, Souls-like combat, primitive-only weaponry, and strict third-person mechanics – and an overall “very serious” tone)

I think our worst fear is coming true. They are making a themepark game that can be played on a cellphone or PC or console with no difference. So this 'new' Ark Classic they are going to release is going to be the real Ark 2, and we'll be able to play UE5 and the real Ark for the next X number of years and just ignore the fake "Ark 2" they say they will release at the end of 2024. 

https://www.gamesradar.com/what-is-a-souls-like-developers-explain/
    Its like i said when they first announced the 3rd person only combat i said immediately "it sounds like a cash grab to bank off of elden rings succes" then i asked reddit if they felt the same and i got called the n word
        Awww bb are you ok?  You’re so brave to still post on Reddit after such a harrowing experience. You’re a real hero!!!!
            Dam bro your boyfriend call you ugly or are you too daft to see a joke
        > then i asked reddit if they felt the same and i got called the n word

Gamer moment.
    "They are making a themepark game that can be played on a cellphone or PC or console with no difference."

But it's already like this. I play ark all the time on my phone using cloud gaming with gamepass. I love it.
You don’t have to buy it.
    Thats not the point they said ark 1 will get ue5 and not that we get a new Version of ark
        Unreal Engine 5 is almost an entirely different engine and it’s fair to see a different game rather than just a port
    Whether you do or don't, official servers still go offline when A:SA comes out.
        I don’t know why I’m getting downvoted, yeah it’s a stupid decision but they’ve been running the game servers forever and I can image they are incredibly expensive to run with how unoptimized the game is. Sooner or later, the servers would go down anyways, and regardless the game still has an active community with lots of servers similar to the official ones
but like y’all.. it’s easy as this 45$ for ark 2 and 45 dollars for the revamp of ark one plus dlc. it’s a good buy at the end of the day. yes 90$ but you’re getting a good deal. i cant think of any games that went on preorder for less than 50$.
    If it werent for the fact that all the canon DLC will have a price as well, I would be completely okay with this.

Even with the DLC the problem isn't that I haven't gotten my moneys worth from them, I have. It is that while with the base game, I paid for the game I got and that didn't include whatever this overhaul entails, with the DLC I paid for the extra content that they provide and I should be able to access the same exact extra content in ASA as well, in my opinion. The 50$ should be for the foundation of the game, not for the content that I already bought.
Betting its April fools joke and all yall gunna feel shitty for acting like it's the end of the world. Even if it's not it's not a big deal. I'm fucking excited for it.
    I hope so much you aere rigth
It's only official servers... and you can still transfer your official server save onto a non-official server onto the new games
    Didnt they say that you cant transfer anithing between the 2 versions  ?
        Yeah you can't transfer to the new game despite them previously having said you could... You will be able to use your save data on single player or an unofficial server on the old game.
            My understanding is yu can only transfer the save data to a private paid for server like nitrado or such. Would be awesome if what your saying is correct so please fill me in if this is true but i dont think it is?
                That could be it. I know single player is possible (but who wants that...). But, yeah it might need to be a private server, not unofficial.
I think they are just trying to bring more people to the pvp scene by 'resetting' online basically.
I disagree cause we also get ark 2 preorder, early beta, and the upgrade gives more structures, console modding, a new story map, and creatures. Its not a complete waste of money but then again i was planning on preordering ark 2 anyway.
Console mods aswell but i dont think that will work
    Console mods will come with their own in game currency you have to pay for called ArkBuckz
    I don't expect any mods to be allowed on official servers, but they're supposed to be supported on console and hell some might be fun to play on single player or dedicated or whatever.
Sounds legit, I am in!
bruh what did i miss
    The ue5 update does not come to our Version of ark you have to buy a new Version of ark called ark ascendet , you cant transfer the progress and you have to buy all dlcs again for 40 Dollars is you buy it for 50 Dollars you get also ark 2 but first when it Releases 

And official servers get shut down so you have to buy ascendet is you want play on official
        is it not an april fools ? sounds like a terrible decision
            They postet it on march 31.
Don’t we get official servers with Ascended?
    50 Dollars for ascendet and 40 Dollars for the dlcs 

Then you pay money just to be aeble to play on official again
        Bro why do you continue to spell ASCENDED incorrectly?  You do realize there’s no T in it right?  You do realize that right…?
        It’s just like any remastered game. I’ve bought games for the second (or third time) before so this really is nothing different. Can’t forget they are a business and switching to UE5 can’t be cheap PLUS they need to upgrade for PS5 anyway
    Yes, OP is just selecting whatever fits his rage and not seeing all the other pros and cons. Here is the official post [https://survivetheark.com/index.php?/articles.html/community-crunch-355-ark-roadmap-evo-event-and-more-r2075/](https://survivetheark.com/index.php?/articles.html/community-crunch-355-ark-roadmap-evo-event-and-more-r2075/)

Make your own informed opinion, does it suck it won't be free? Partially, I do believe survival games need funding and a full upgrade to UE5 is not cheap.
        That makes it not better they take away stuff so that you have to buy ark ascendet
            As far as I’m aware you can continue to play ark survival evolved, they’re just not supporting the official servers anymore. No one’s gonna force you to buy ascended nor do you have to. You can still play ark evolved
                Yes but it still will be Lagging like nothing Else and dont get ue5 and they said that it will be for ark 1 not for any other Version
                    That’s true it’s still gonna lag and be ark, but if you want to upgrade then upgrade, if not then you don’t have to. It sucks this upgrade costs money but I’m gonna hold back from crying over it until I see gameplay on the new engine and how the mods run. I planned to pre order ark 2 anyways so I see it as an added bonus.
        This
        Also, tons are claiming that you can’t transfer over saves, which might not necessarily be true. They said it is not backwards compatible, that doesn’t mean it wont be forwards compatible.
            It specifically says you cannot bring your character. You will be able to download your save data to play in single player. Or to play on your own server.
                Yes, that is also what I said. Official servers are starting from fresh, but I was talking about private servers/single player
                    Yes, but not on the new game, just the old one.
                        I don't know what you mean, could you clarify?

I am saying that we might be able to port over saves from ARK:SE to ASA as a one time thing. We won't be able to then take those saves back to ARK:SE, but if you play on an unofficial server or singleplayer world, you may be able to continue your save in ASA. This has been done in many different games that have done similar remasters.
                            The post says that we will not be able to transfer characters to ASA. Not even as a one time thing. That's why people are upset as they had previously said we could. You can take your save from an Ark:SE official server and play it on Ark:SE single player or private server when they shut down the official servers in 4 months. That's it.
                                Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
        Nice! I’m happy with the change so long as we still get official online servers 😄
I’m not buying it. I also didn’t get into slime rancher 2 or overwatch 2
    Overwatch 2 I understand, but Slime Rancher 2? 

Seriously?  The game's great!
The worst part is I bought it for my new PC 2 days before this was announced....I feel cheated

(I played on xbox before then)
    Get a refund from steam. Explain the circumstances that servers are shutting down in 4 months, I bet they'll understand.
Ark mobile is dead
    Dude i had mobile and after 5 Minutes my phone was hotter than the sun
If the DLCs were free and you can transfer data then yeah that's a quick buy from me
    Thats the point you dont not the data or the dlcs you must buy evrything again
    That's the opposite of what they said it would be. $40 for Dlc and start from scratch. I think most people would be happy with your scenario.
An performance.
I hope they don't force us to switch to ue5. Kinda worried ark1 will get deleted to force us into buying the "update".
We supported Ark even when it started releasing DLCs in Early Access.

We're not afraid to spend money on Wildcard, they should've charged 20$ for the new map coming up, and made the update free so it didn't split the player base. 

Then had anyone who didn't already own Ark, pay double for the new version of the game and DLC's. But keep them free to those who owned them before.
Well it's wild card fucking retards
Scorched earth ain't even worth paying extra for, cool big desert in enhanced graphics ;-; why not some shi like aberration, imagine how beautiful it would be
I mean on a good sided, the way wildcard treated us since the past ie. Dropping flyer nerf on april fools period, starting delete OFFICIAL server when Ark came out of early access etc. and gas lighting us when they said u bought the game not the server…etc

As i grow up, i realized that ark and wildcard prep me very well and give me the feel of being in a toxic relationship lmao.

Still cant believe i put thousands of hours into this game. But the good part in ark is in PvE atleast u get to meet people and bonded overtime and they become real friends that u still talk to after like 6 years of stopped playing the same game.
Honestly I'd be surprised if it really runs any better. UE5 upgrade is more so a graphical improvement more than magical performance. 8gb cards be ware.
There will be new official servers that will also all be cross play
Real question.... If a server is still going, will it just stop working? And will the payments just keep going through? 🥲
Maybe.
Should have been all free considering they are the ones that sold a beyond glitchy game. Shouldnt have to pay for the game to act right.
    Rigth  ?
Wait wtf so do u have to buy the new version of ark 1 again even if u already bought everything... hell no all the dlcs and the game together cost like 300$
    Yes thats the piont
        It took me less than 14 minutes to find someone selling an used car costing less than ark ascended thats insane the game costs more than a car 40 each dlc and there are like 6 and base game ASA like 60€ is 300€
            Bruh
They need to do, that if you all ready own the DLC you get a code for receiving them without additional payment, only the ue5 base game will cost money.
    That would be good but its not the case sadly
The only acceptable thing is they give it for free for existing ark players honestly
    That would be good
They're two completely different games, they've already addressed why you can't transfer the games. 
They've rebuilt a dated game from the ground up, in unreal 5 and promised content and upgrades for years to come.

Where are the real ark fans, come on, some have got to be here and hyped for it.
    > They're two completely different games, they've already addressed why you can't transfer the games. They've rebuilt a dated game from the ground up, in unreal 5 and promised content and upgrades for years to come.

This isn't the gotcha you think it is. Overwatch and Counterstrike both did this exact same thing and released those upgrades for free to all current owners. Counter Strike 2 was literally remade from the ground up in a new engine and it's still completely free. Wildcard has no excuse.
        I don't know many companies that'll give a game away for free with absolutely no return. 
I can't imagine Wildcards investors will be happy if the game dropped completely free of charge.
It'll be nice, don't get me wrong but I don't think so.
            There's a thousand ways to monetize a free game, Wildcard doesn't have an excuse. There's dozens of examples of this.
                You're talking about turning it into a Free To Play game with micro transactions making them money in the same vein as Fortnite. 
I personally am not a fan of free to play game with a micro transaction economy set-up. 
I prefer buying a game and then purchasing DLC similar to how they've always done it.
Im gonna wait possibly 2 years after release, and maybe then, if i still want to play it, i'l just watch it on youtube instead.
You can stay on base ark and just play unofficial if you don’t want to pay for the hd upgrade. Stuff not transferring sucks but I’m personally fine with canceling my breeding projects to move over, not saying others should be ok with it though. 

Them originally announcing this as free then changing their mind 2 months later also sucks but to be fair most ark players I’ve seen have 1500+ hours in the game so you’ve already gotten your money’s worth so paying another $50-90 shouldn’t be that unreasonable, and if it is unreasonable to you then just stay playing base ark. Official servers were never a guarantee for any game these days so players would eventually end up on unofficial servers by the time ark 2 came out anyways.
    Yes but they could made atleast an Bugfix Update no unreal engine 5 but something that you can play the game without worries
They need to fix that tethering shit. They literally just did better graphics and vin diesel
Don’t forget the cross platform and mod support!
Don’t forget they’re probably not going to give a TLC to some of the unfortunate uggos that are still sticking around like the bronto and giga.
"No transfering between versions" dude its not a new version thats why XD its a different game its literally a remake
You also receive Ark 2 and mod support for console and cross-platform..... I get that youre upset but don't be dishonest about it.
I agree it’s bad. But why are we pretending we’re not also getting ARK 2 included with that?
    Because ark 2 comes in 2 years and this Post is about this year/ the near future
        And we cant say anithing about ark 2 exept : Vin Diesel, Planet thats not earth , no tek and new dino Designs
$90 for a fucking update is obscene. But if that wasn't obscene enough they want you to pay more for each dlc? Wtf?? Glad I stopped playing this game a long time ago. Gonna go play Conan Exiles now.
If the dlcs were free and we xould continue our servers whether private or official i would be down to pay $40 for the upgrade since its pretty massive.

Hell i might even skip the dlcs, but the fact my private nitrado server i play with a group of friends is still not available to continue here just upsets me and them so much. Fuckkkk man it would be so cool if we has this core basic function of next gen upgrades.
    Im not sure with this: But couldnt you still play with your friends on private servers, without upgrading?
i think its an april fool tho, that shit on april first. aww hell nah
i’m gonna buy that gamepass bundle to get ark “remaster” and then i’ll have ark2 preordered essentially. idk about dlcs if they make a bundle for them all i may buy, i’ve actually not yet paid for ark or it’s dlcs as i’ve played on gamepass so far. which means i don’t mind buying the dlcs
Thank you for sharing your displeasure, i hope everyone continues doing this.
april fools
    Source ?
I'll stick with my original ark thanks
It’s literally not that same game tho it’s a remake. That’s why you can’t transfer shit because it’s just not the same. Like this community barely has a surface level understanding of shit that isn’t cheating or getting the best breeds
Oh so that’s what happened, this is bs
What am I missing? Has something new been announced?
Tbh I honestly don’t mind it too much
I just wanna keep playing ark without having to buy a new game so... this is all BS. if u own ark, and any paid dlc, you should get the upgraded version for free if you can no longer play it otherwise. 

Worst decision I have ever heard of in terms of upgrading an existing game. Sorry wc but this is terrible, I was excited to hear about the ascended upgrade until I found it was linked with me buying ark 2 and if I don't, I can never play ark 1 online again... you know, a game that I paid for that plenty of people will still be playing in August. 

Maybe charge like 10 bucks to upgrade everything u have OR buy ark 2. And the "includes the island and all non-canon community maps" makes the whole upgrade even worse. I don't have the time or patience to type anymore about this on my phone so for now, I will leave it at "thanks for fisting an entire community that has made you what you are today". I was in since first early access... I feel like now I'm out
The company is a toxic as the community they built. Ark was an incredible game. Ruined by placating to the pay 2 play people with poor social skills. Sho just enjoy kicking over other people sand castle to no benefit of their own. Lvl 500s smashing noobs as they spawn in for the first time.. they enabled the worst gaming community I've ever seen. I won't even touch the incredible game for that reason. It's basically an exercise in futility. Join the existing super powers and accelerate through the gameplay to a point it's not even fun.. or you will be bullied and harrased by anyone who knows 1 exploit learned on YouTube. Its the best and worst game ever in my opinion. It should be in the hall of fame and shame. Jesus
Will this fix all the crashes on ps4? 🤡
What is this performance? It will use more than 2 threads? Be less than 300gb?
Wow. I was looking forward to Ark 2 & all that it entails but if this is how they are going to go about it, that is a big fat NOPE from me. They better do something different or kick rocks!
Oh wait.. you were not talking about Wacraft Reforged?!
Kind of upset that I just now found out about this since I literally bought all the dlc for ark a couple days ago😑
Do I have to buy the new Version or can I just stay on the old Survival Evolved Version with all my DLCs? Because if I have to buy everything new than I probably won't play Ark any longer
    You can still play old ark if you dont play on official 
But you wont get the ue5 update as promissed from wildcard
        At least something...
TBH, I feel like it is a donation against mobile gaming and micro transactions.  I mean, it is predatory for sure, but I guess the lesser of 2 evils?  

Though, for real, if they fixed primitive, I would pay that 90 dollars without hesitation.
I find it funny the Ark SE creators are pretending the creators of Sims didn't pull this garbage with Sims 4 and then got clapped about it. There was literally a back-and-forth spewing of cursing and blackmail over Sims 4 because it was literally just upgraded graphics with FEWER ITEMS than the previous base game. Then they required re-buying every single one of the stupid DLCs that cost as much as full games. Figure it out Devs, nobody is happy with spending money on something twice for barely any improvement. This move is bs, anyone saying otherwise is delusional. By blackmail, I mean forcing the official servers to shut down so you have no way to play Ark SE with strangers online unless you buy the new one.
Yes
But if you play on Xbox or pc/steam than it will also include Ark 2, so that’s not really a bad deal. The part people are taking issue with is the DLC’s being paid all over again. I would imagine they will add a discount to them eventually.
    Everyone seems to be ignoring the whole ark 2 for 50$ with a side of Ark 1.5. Making it sound like you have to pay 50 for the upgrade and that’s it.
        Ark 2 for $50 a YEAR AND A HALF before it comes out. With no gameplay footage until next year. They want you to buy a game they have told you nothing about
            Most games are starting to be 70$ a year or 2 before they come out and they dont come with any game before then. I'm not saying its right to charge for all this but compared to everything else going on with shit like this its a steal.
                No they dont. Usually you can preorder games a few month before release (something around 2month) but never more than a year
                    Duke nukem was able to be preordered for like 10 years. I know that is an exception but still. Just because everything is EA now doesn’t mean your not basically preordering.
                        Lmao at using Duke nukem as a comparison for anything. Why even pre-orders games? You can pretty much buy any game week of release and get the pre-order edition or bonus code, but who really needs some gimicky bonus skin anyway. Games don't sell out of physical copies and literally why would you need to pre-order a digital download when my internet downloads a 100gb game in 5 min. I can't remember any game selling out for pre-order since digital downloads have existed. I pre-ordered BF2042 for early access as a big fan of the series and literally got screwed out of $100 because I trusted EA and assumed they wouldn't serve up a platter of hot dogshit. It's my fault though for falling for gimmicky pre-order bullshit. Does any remember pre-ordering a physical game with cash at toysrus or EB games or whatever and going to pick it up day of or night before a hype release? THPS2, pokemon yellow, GTA vice city. Now those were some hype ass games worth pre-ordering lol. Back when games actually sold out on pre-sale with no bonuses.
                They are also releasing a sequel to a game they never actually finished.
        It’s because people haven’t seen any gameplay yet, but I mean either way for me I would buy as I’m a huge fan of Ark so will definitely want to try Ark 2.
        You left out having to pay for all original ark 1.5 dlc again separately
        I don't think people are ignoring the fact you get Ark2 for $50, but rather they don't want to be forced to purchase it so they can continue to play Ark SA on official servers.    


I would rather pay $10-15 for Ark SA and not have Ark2 included as I don't like the direction they are taking the combat in the style of the Souls games and I don't like purchasing a game without seeing concrete game play before hand. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be forced into Crowd Funding a project I'm not sure about. It's a dirty tactic and tells me they have no faith in it.    


Oh.. and I'm saying I'd pay $10 for Ark SA because they have advertised the PS5 version of Ark2 for $39.99 which means since PC and Xbox get Ark SA with their $49.99 purchase, it's only a $10 difference, and therefore people should be given the choice to purchase just Ark SA for that $10 without Ark 2.   


On top of this, after having seen the issues with Forspoken on the Unreal 5 Engine and how players basically had to run it on Low settings or have an RTX 4090 and state of the art PC to run it on High and Ultra settings, I have no faith that this same issues isn't going to happen with the upgrade, and I'd rather wait and see how that's going to play out.  


So why the heck would I want to pay more money for a "Remaster" that potentially isn't going to play or look any better than what I currently play on my current hardware? The official servers are not a draw for me.
            A perfectly valid point.
        No you're paying 50 bucks for 1.5. which links to but does not purchase ark2. You will have to also purchase ark 2 it's self upon release and all dlc for the original ark due to it also being "remastered" dlc content this includes all map packs.
If they made the dlcs free for ascendet it would be not such a big problem
    Or if you already owned the DLCs for ARK: SE you would get discount or get them for free
        If the discount isn't 50% minimum you're still getting screwed.
    Exactly my feeling on this, forcing us to rebuy the dlcs is so blatantly predatory it makes me furious
I bought aberration and scorched earth individually a long time ago, but I can't get the 3rd DLC because it's only available in the season pass, and I can't buy the season pass because I already own the other 2 DLCs lmao. This is on PS Store.
    You should’ve just purchased the Ultimate Survivor Edition. It comes with ALL maps, story and free DLC, packaged in one.
    Not even the Gen 1 and Gen 2 pass? 
https://store.playstation.com/en-us/product/UP0691-CUSA06676_00-ARKGENESISPASS00
        I got the genesis DLCs, I was talking about Extinction lol.
    That's strange bcs I bought aberration then it let me buy the season pass
    i dont play on PS not really sure why it wont let yoou buy a season pass just because you own some of the dlc already individually. maybe its a sony issue. not how xbox store works.
Games been built from the ground up in unreal 5, developers don't work for nothing.
    ye but its kinda scam for all who already bought it and like 110 dollar for a game i already have is just not woth it for UE5 and some bugg fixes which they should have made years ago
        Games been rebuilt from the ground up in Unreal 5, it's not just a simple graphics update.
The game will look and feel completely different, it'll be a new game but Ark.
            i personally would wait a few days/weeks before buying it because i want to see what they fixed and reworked first because im not gonna buy a buggy piece of shit for that price if i already have the game
            Ground up? No it hasn't.
                Yes it has lol, they've rebuilt it from the ground up using unreal 5.
It'll be bigger and supported for years to come according to Wildcard.
It's borderline a new game, it's a remaster of Ark but better graphics, bug fixes and loads of other implementations.
                    supported for years? u mean like ark officially had/has a support but they dont do shot anyways so...i for my experience wouldnt trust ob wildcards support in any game
                        Recent QoL updates decimating the QoL lol. Took em a month to fix the whistle wheel a pretty vital mechanic to the game. Then the server list stopped putting last played at the top(minor I know). But it's a very simple fix gone ignored for a long time.
                    LOL your obviously trolling.
                        Why am I trolling, because I'm not jumping on the let's hate Ark wagon?
    No one asked for this. We asked for Ark 2
    If it solves meshing and aimbot it’s literally a different game
        No official..... Meshing and aimbotting solved
            Tough to find an unofficial PvP server that has pop and isn’t boosted to high fuck.
                Oh I know, ue5 upgrade needs a proper server browser. How anyone finds an appropriate server with no way to view the details of prospective servers is beyond me.
Where did the 40$ figure come from? From what I have seen they haven't announced a price for the DLC, only that there will be one.
    If you check the community crunch on wildcards website regarding the delay for ark 2 it actually does say 19.99 per dlc bundle. Hence the 40 for both purchases
    49.99 for the game then 19.99 for se and abbe, 19.99 for genesis 1/2 and other paid dlcs https://survivetheark.com/index.php?/articles.html/community-crunch-355-ark-roadmap-evo-event-and-more-r2075/
        Oh I see, I am blind. Thanks!
    It says it on the steam news page
That would be the least funny April fools joke ever. And that’s saying a lot
They are based in California, this was posted in the afternoon of March 31st for them
    They are in Washington, near Seattle.
        You're right, I think I knew that and forgot lol. Either way, same timezone.
    🤓
Its not
Hope too but they Postet it late at nigth yesterday
    I’m in California they post it while I was in work during the day at 2:41 pm
I keep waiting for them to say it is.
Well i gess they think we are fool.
That aswell jes
We've seen the gameplay, it's ark.  The difference is graphics and quality of life changes.
    They're talking about ARk 2 and how to get A:SA you need to get in a bundle with a pre-order for Ark 2
That’s like creating a lawless country and then bombing it because “it’s lawless”. They have zero moderation. They don’t fix exploits and they don’t monitor the servers, it’s ridiculous to act like the cheaters are doing it under the rug. It’s so blatant because there’s no one that’s going to stop them. Wildcard are childish game developers.
    Maybe they just don't give a shit about Ark 1 anymore? They have been working on this unreal engine 5 version and ark 2. Makes sense that they let Ark 1 go to shit. How long do you think they have known about this complete rehaul of Ark 1? A couple of years at least, why bother fixing anything on Ark 1 and Unreal engine 4, when you are in the process of fixing everything and releasing Ark 1 on Unreal 5?
        Ark devs have always been pretty awful when it comes to literally anything outside the concept itself. Execution and maintenance of its systems are complete afterthoughts.
        The reasoning doesn’t make it any less childish. The devs have literally admitted they don’t like the official player base and they think they are toxic. It’s clear they believe they have a concept that’s capable of becoming a standalone game because they are not going to have their current player base in the same quantity of players if they do this. They are going to kill the community and ark 1 is going to completely shut down.
They've clearly dumped pvp all together in favor of SOTF and it's a shame.
Its really evil
Releasing a remaster version of an older game and charging for it isn't unheard of in the gaming industry. Normally you can just not buy it and keep playing the original if that bothers you. But if you play on official you're SOL because that's all going offline.
    Releasing and charging more for DLC's that had already released years ago? There's no actual new content here. This is a cashgrab.
        Not surprised though. This is the company that released paid DLC before the game finished beta after all.
        It definitely is, and the only reason they're doing it is because they know Ark 2 is going to take forever. But at least they're also doing a bunch of QOL improvements and adding some new features. So it's not just a straight UE upgrade like we expected.

The DLC absolutely should not cost anything at this point. On that part I'm 100% with you that it's a cash grab.
            I'm fine with the game itself having a cost, but yeah, paying for additional DLC that I already paid for is stupid.

I'll pay 50$ for an upgrade to UE5, but it should be treated as just that. An upgrade of what I have, not a whole new game. Of course in implementation it will technically be a new game, but the philosophy with which they treat it should be a 50$ upgrade, not a new 50$ game.
                Ark 1 “remaster” gonna end up being ark 2 watch
                    I've been suspecting for a while that Wildcard knows that ARK 2 will be kind of shit, which is why they have been randomly giving us more and more other things while being very vague about the state of ARK 2.

Another random creature vote, and now this? I get that they have a dedicated ARK 1 and ARK 2 team, but if they really needed so much more work to get done you'd think they'd start allocating more resources to ARK 2. At this point I think they should just merge ARK 2 and ASA and find a middle ground that is more similar to ARK 1, but also gives us the story and combat and what not that ARK 2 promised.
    These remasters shouldn't include content that was promised on the main game (UE 5 upgrade for exemple) and shouldn't make you pay for the DLCs, most remastered will include all of the released content of the default game. Worst part is that they'll release a new DLC on the Ascended version that won't be on the normal version. If you supported the game since the start they expect you to buy everything again and continue to support them by buying another DLC. You're penalised over new user that can buy the "remastered" game (And dlc) + ark 2  for the same priced that you paid and they can have the new DLC without needing to pay the game twice.
Actual users should have all their DLC transfered at the very very least.
And yeah, people playing on official servers are expected to start fresh on the same game with new graphics and QOL updates because why the fuck not. Makes no sense at all.
    They're really saying we'll give you the remaster for free if you purchase Ark 2. They are trying to sell a game no one has seen yet. Instead of bundling Ark 2, dont charge $40 for the DLC's.  The problem is a very active player base, 80,000 24 hour peak.  Eve online for example, less than 28k. They are betting on they can make people move.
Yea I'll likely wait for ark 2 or quit all together. Miss me with this garbage.
You realize this is snail games
Then don't buy it?
    Its about that they Lied to us about the update
        Again. Then don't buy it.
            Fuck off lol, people are still allowed to come here and shit on them. "Muh uh just don't buy it guys ha look how smart I am!" Lmfao
            All the stuff I have on official will go offline when they shut off the servers, regardless of whether I buy the new version or not.
                Did you expect them to be live forever? This eventually happens for all online games.
                    Nope. But considering how they've had legacy servers running for years, even adding servers for new maps to the legacy cluster, I'd at least hope that they'd keep official going for a while into Ark 2's life cycle.
I've bought it like 4 times. Another couple won't bother me 🤷‍♂️
    Why in the world did you buy it 4 times
        Xbox one, steam, playstion. Once for a friend
Forcing people to pay for a game they have no idea of how it look or how it plays just to be able to get the free UE5 upgrade... Yeah...
Yeah for xbox players
    As well as PC players.
    I was reading and apparently it’ll be coming to PlayStation as well
        It may, but it won't be bundled like for Xbox and PC. So you will probably have to pay for Ark 2 and UE5 separately. Probably costing 100 dollars on Ps5 while on Xbox and Pc, you get both for 50.
            I’m pretty sure in the road map it said the bundle and separate versions would be on Xbox, PlayStation and PC. But ig time will tell
                Nope. PS5 gets fucked and will pay extra compared to pc and Xbox.
                    That's what a MS exclusive title means when it releases.
                    Oh well that sucks.
                It’ll come eventually to ps5 but we will have to most likely pay $60+ on top of already paid for ark 1.5 which is $90

Xbox and pc get both for $50 and earlier access.

PlayStation is getting shafted plain and simple.
                    Damn fucking dumb.
mm yes yummy pay for a prerelease (already dumb) of a game that we have seen 0 gameplay and very little actual footage of.   


Modern gamers everyone
Did u mean 2062? Cuz I'm pretty sure u meant 2062..
Yes but who says ark 2 will be good i think it wil be as bad or even worse than ark 1
    then don't buy it
        I wont
            [deleted]
                "I like the game but it has many problems"

FUCK OFF TROLL!!!""
                This is an Ark sub, not Ark 2. The post isn't even about Ark 2 calm down
                1. I like ark 1 but i dont like what they aere doing with the community 
2. If im correct the Name of this subreddit is r/ARK not r/ARK2 this subreddit is for ark 1 and ark 2 so what is even the sense behind your comment ?
3. Who says i cant dislike ark 2 ?
                    I agree with him ark 2 will 100 percent suck it’s easy to tell just from the stuff they have said about it (and it’s made by wildcard). Even if in the 1/10000 chance it doesn’t suck it will be a completely different game.
        But if you wanna play ark ascend then you have to
        I like learning new things.
Agreed. At first I was thinking no way but $50 for basically a preorder for ark 2 plus some ark content to play with in the mean time. That's not a bad deal at all.
[deleted]
    By then it will be old technology and they'll make you pay again to upgrade to a new engine.
You think it's coming out? Seems likely it is vapor ware. No proof it exists as anything besides a concept, a bad concept at that.
Do I trust them after this "free" update?
Unless you’re on PlayStation….
I've just always been surprised people still play official servers. PvP ones are toxic, pve was basically impossible to play
    I never had a problem with PVE, just had to spend a few hours picking a good server.
        [deleted]
            Sounds about right. I'd spend am afternoon trying different servers until finding one that was playable, with an open spot, and then was good for months.

But seriously whatever works for each of us.
Yeah and current official is permanently damaged by years of duping and cheating
    I'm so excited for the duping and cheating in UE5! Anyone else pumped!?
        Duping and cheating *with raytracing*.
            Well boys we got meshed again....

That one tribemate: but we were meshed in UE5!
    How dare they to enhance my toxic dumpster of clusters?
May..... HAVE!
Likely yes since it’s a entirely new game
    Look at this mofo putting faith in a company that has CONSISTENTLY shown they are all but completely inept. Good for you tho!!!!
50 Dollars for the island and the free maps and ark 2 and another 40 Dollars for the dlcs
    Hold on, the ARK 1 DLCS have almost THE SAME PRICE AS THE REMASTERED GAME AND THE SECOND GAME COMBINED?!
        Yes
https://www.reddit.com/r/ARK/comments/128cylm/aged_like_milk/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
An employee of wildcard  postet a meme in that meme stod that ark 1 will get ue5 there was no word of content we have to pay for or that they take away official Servers to make you buy ark ascendet
    That meme never promised it would be free though. But another reply did show them saying that it would be free, so they did in fact promise it.
        They literally said it would be FREE and no Character wipes. Both lies.
            There is a difference between a lie and a broken promise.
                No there isn't. It's the same thing.
                    to make an untrue statement *with intent to deceive* (Merriam-Webster)

Why be so confident on a topic that you are clearly clueless about?
                        Why do you think they didn't intend to deceive... This is Wildcard and Snail. They deceive all the time. And how is a "broken promise" any better than a lie?
                            The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
Exactly, i couldnt give a fuck if it cost $100 if it meant we keep our progress. Whats the fucking point of starting from scratch only to be probably wiped again when ark2 pops. They know damn well how much work and time go's into this game, with grinding and mutation lines and such. They should just leave ark the fuck alone until ark 2 is finished. Which will be never lol
Explain
    Snail Games Stock Price.mp4
    Snail games stock plummited right before the they said this
Lol
Nope. Time to upgrade to PS5.
No, because the list of things they did to screw people over is long.
It’s been three years brother don’t even mention the ps4
Why should i pay for a game I've seen no footage about 2 years early to get a supposed free graphic upgrade? They revealed no screenshot/videos for them to sell it.
    They said ue5 free, turns out it's not. Now they say ark 2 is included in ascended... yea right. Fool me twice... you can't get fooled again.
    Then don’t pay for it. You aren’t forced to pay anything.
Im just disappointet that the Version that needet it most dint get the graphic update
    Also we didnt even see anithing about ark 2 we cant even say if we like it or not
They lied and told people they could transfer their characters into the unreal 5 upgrade.
>You can still play the OG Ark without having to buy Ark 1.5!

Not on official servers you can't. That one single thing is what ruins all this for me. I might have actually considered buying a remastered version of the game, especially since the bundle includes Ark 2, even though it was on its own entirely separate cluster and we couldn't bring anything in. But having the current official server network go down, and taking out all the stuff that I've spent years working on? That fucking hurts.
    Yes this sucks but official players are the minority I believe. So unless you play official literally nothing will change
    Cry
Because it's a bad deal right now. If they come out and say they're adding new stuff to the dlcs to justify 4ebuying them, thats a different story. ASA being 50 dollars is fine, the dlcs being an additional 40 for nothing new isnt.
    Yes its a bit much but consider that the DLC cost like 30$ at launch so you get every DLC for 10$ more onto the back then prize. I can understand the outrage about it costing money but remember that in order to even make things like these possible they just need the money
        Consider this, they said it would be free #1 and #2 it's not our fault they're incapable of making ark 2. If it's really Bern in production since probably before 2020, they've most likely sunk all their resources into it. It's not our fault wildcard is so wildly mismanaged that ark 2 won't be out till the end of 2024
            I agree that it was assholish of them to announce it for free. But still. You dont have to pay for it at all if you dont support it.
                I would happily support ASA if they weren't trying to get me to spend 40 dollars on dlc I bought for 60 when at this moment the only thing they're doing is putting the dlcs through unreal 5 for better graphics. Really at the end of the day 90% of people's complaints is having to rebuild dlc for only a face lift.
Its like i said when they first announced the 3rd person only combat i said immediately "it sounds like a cash grab to bank off of elden rings succes" then i asked reddit if they felt the same and i got called the n word
    Awww bb are you ok?  You’re so brave to still post on Reddit after such a harrowing experience. You’re a real hero!!!!
        Dam bro your boyfriend call you ugly or are you too daft to see a joke
    > then i asked reddit if they felt the same and i got called the n word

Gamer moment.
"They are making a themepark game that can be played on a cellphone or PC or console with no difference."

But it's already like this. I play ark all the time on my phone using cloud gaming with gamepass. I love it.
Thats not the point they said ark 1 will get ue5 and not that we get a new Version of ark
    Unreal Engine 5 is almost an entirely different engine and it’s fair to see a different game rather than just a port
Whether you do or don't, official servers still go offline when A:SA comes out.
    I don’t know why I’m getting downvoted, yeah it’s a stupid decision but they’ve been running the game servers forever and I can image they are incredibly expensive to run with how unoptimized the game is. Sooner or later, the servers would go down anyways, and regardless the game still has an active community with lots of servers similar to the official ones
If it werent for the fact that all the canon DLC will have a price as well, I would be completely okay with this.

Even with the DLC the problem isn't that I haven't gotten my moneys worth from them, I have. It is that while with the base game, I paid for the game I got and that didn't include whatever this overhaul entails, with the DLC I paid for the extra content that they provide and I should be able to access the same exact extra content in ASA as well, in my opinion. The 50$ should be for the foundation of the game, not for the content that I already bought.
I hope so much you aere rigth
Didnt they say that you cant transfer anithing between the 2 versions  ?
    Yeah you can't transfer to the new game despite them previously having said you could... You will be able to use your save data on single player or an unofficial server on the old game.
        My understanding is yu can only transfer the save data to a private paid for server like nitrado or such. Would be awesome if what your saying is correct so please fill me in if this is true but i dont think it is?
            That could be it. I know single player is possible (but who wants that...). But, yeah it might need to be a private server, not unofficial.
Console mods will come with their own in game currency you have to pay for called ArkBuckz
I don't expect any mods to be allowed on official servers, but they're supposed to be supported on console and hell some might be fun to play on single player or dedicated or whatever.
The ue5 update does not come to our Version of ark you have to buy a new Version of ark called ark ascendet , you cant transfer the progress and you have to buy all dlcs again for 40 Dollars is you buy it for 50 Dollars you get also ark 2 but first when it Releases 

And official servers get shut down so you have to buy ascendet is you want play on official
    is it not an april fools ? sounds like a terrible decision
        They postet it on march 31.
50 Dollars for ascendet and 40 Dollars for the dlcs 

Then you pay money just to be aeble to play on official again
    Bro why do you continue to spell ASCENDED incorrectly?  You do realize there’s no T in it right?  You do realize that right…?
    It’s just like any remastered game. I’ve bought games for the second (or third time) before so this really is nothing different. Can’t forget they are a business and switching to UE5 can’t be cheap PLUS they need to upgrade for PS5 anyway
Yes, OP is just selecting whatever fits his rage and not seeing all the other pros and cons. Here is the official post [https://survivetheark.com/index.php?/articles.html/community-crunch-355-ark-roadmap-evo-event-and-more-r2075/](https://survivetheark.com/index.php?/articles.html/community-crunch-355-ark-roadmap-evo-event-and-more-r2075/)

Make your own informed opinion, does it suck it won't be free? Partially, I do believe survival games need funding and a full upgrade to UE5 is not cheap.
    That makes it not better they take away stuff so that you have to buy ark ascendet
        As far as I’m aware you can continue to play ark survival evolved, they’re just not supporting the official servers anymore. No one’s gonna force you to buy ascended nor do you have to. You can still play ark evolved
            Yes but it still will be Lagging like nothing Else and dont get ue5 and they said that it will be for ark 1 not for any other Version
                That’s true it’s still gonna lag and be ark, but if you want to upgrade then upgrade, if not then you don’t have to. It sucks this upgrade costs money but I’m gonna hold back from crying over it until I see gameplay on the new engine and how the mods run. I planned to pre order ark 2 anyways so I see it as an added bonus.
    This
    Also, tons are claiming that you can’t transfer over saves, which might not necessarily be true. They said it is not backwards compatible, that doesn’t mean it wont be forwards compatible.
        It specifically says you cannot bring your character. You will be able to download your save data to play in single player. Or to play on your own server.
            Yes, that is also what I said. Official servers are starting from fresh, but I was talking about private servers/single player
                Yes, but not on the new game, just the old one.
                    I don't know what you mean, could you clarify?

I am saying that we might be able to port over saves from ARK:SE to ASA as a one time thing. We won't be able to then take those saves back to ARK:SE, but if you play on an unofficial server or singleplayer world, you may be able to continue your save in ASA. This has been done in many different games that have done similar remasters.
                        The post says that we will not be able to transfer characters to ASA. Not even as a one time thing. That's why people are upset as they had previously said we could. You can take your save from an Ark:SE official server and play it on Ark:SE single player or private server when they shut down the official servers in 4 months. That's it.
                            Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
    Nice! I’m happy with the change so long as we still get official online servers 😄
Overwatch 2 I understand, but Slime Rancher 2? 

Seriously?  The game's great!
Get a refund from steam. Explain the circumstances that servers are shutting down in 4 months, I bet they'll understand.
Dude i had mobile and after 5 Minutes my phone was hotter than the sun
Thats the point you dont not the data or the dlcs you must buy evrything again
That's the opposite of what they said it would be. $40 for Dlc and start from scratch. I think most people would be happy with your scenario.
Rigth  ?
Yes thats the piont
    It took me less than 14 minutes to find someone selling an used car costing less than ark ascended thats insane the game costs more than a car 40 each dlc and there are like 6 and base game ASA like 60€ is 300€
        Bruh
That would be good but its not the case sadly
That would be good
> They're two completely different games, they've already addressed why you can't transfer the games. They've rebuilt a dated game from the ground up, in unreal 5 and promised content and upgrades for years to come.

This isn't the gotcha you think it is. Overwatch and Counterstrike both did this exact same thing and released those upgrades for free to all current owners. Counter Strike 2 was literally remade from the ground up in a new engine and it's still completely free. Wildcard has no excuse.
    I don't know many companies that'll give a game away for free with absolutely no return. 
I can't imagine Wildcards investors will be happy if the game dropped completely free of charge.
It'll be nice, don't get me wrong but I don't think so.
        There's a thousand ways to monetize a free game, Wildcard doesn't have an excuse. There's dozens of examples of this.
            You're talking about turning it into a Free To Play game with micro transactions making them money in the same vein as Fortnite. 
I personally am not a fan of free to play game with a micro transaction economy set-up. 
I prefer buying a game and then purchasing DLC similar to how they've always done it.
Yes but they could made atleast an Bugfix Update no unreal engine 5 but something that you can play the game without worries
Because ark 2 comes in 2 years and this Post is about this year/ the near future
    And we cant say anithing about ark 2 exept : Vin Diesel, Planet thats not earth , no tek and new dino Designs
Im not sure with this: But couldnt you still play with your friends on private servers, without upgrading?
Source ?
You can still play old ark if you dont play on official 
But you wont get the ue5 update as promissed from wildcard
    At least something...
Everyone seems to be ignoring the whole ark 2 for 50$ with a side of Ark 1.5. Making it sound like you have to pay 50 for the upgrade and that’s it.
    Ark 2 for $50 a YEAR AND A HALF before it comes out. With no gameplay footage until next year. They want you to buy a game they have told you nothing about
        Most games are starting to be 70$ a year or 2 before they come out and they dont come with any game before then. I'm not saying its right to charge for all this but compared to everything else going on with shit like this its a steal.
            No they dont. Usually you can preorder games a few month before release (something around 2month) but never more than a year
                Duke nukem was able to be preordered for like 10 years. I know that is an exception but still. Just because everything is EA now doesn’t mean your not basically preordering.
                    Lmao at using Duke nukem as a comparison for anything. Why even pre-orders games? You can pretty much buy any game week of release and get the pre-order edition or bonus code, but who really needs some gimicky bonus skin anyway. Games don't sell out of physical copies and literally why would you need to pre-order a digital download when my internet downloads a 100gb game in 5 min. I can't remember any game selling out for pre-order since digital downloads have existed. I pre-ordered BF2042 for early access as a big fan of the series and literally got screwed out of $100 because I trusted EA and assumed they wouldn't serve up a platter of hot dogshit. It's my fault though for falling for gimmicky pre-order bullshit. Does any remember pre-ordering a physical game with cash at toysrus or EB games or whatever and going to pick it up day of or night before a hype release? THPS2, pokemon yellow, GTA vice city. Now those were some hype ass games worth pre-ordering lol. Back when games actually sold out on pre-sale with no bonuses.
            They are also releasing a sequel to a game they never actually finished.
    It’s because people haven’t seen any gameplay yet, but I mean either way for me I would buy as I’m a huge fan of Ark so will definitely want to try Ark 2.
    You left out having to pay for all original ark 1.5 dlc again separately
    I don't think people are ignoring the fact you get Ark2 for $50, but rather they don't want to be forced to purchase it so they can continue to play Ark SA on official servers.    


I would rather pay $10-15 for Ark SA and not have Ark2 included as I don't like the direction they are taking the combat in the style of the Souls games and I don't like purchasing a game without seeing concrete game play before hand. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be forced into Crowd Funding a project I'm not sure about. It's a dirty tactic and tells me they have no faith in it.    


Oh.. and I'm saying I'd pay $10 for Ark SA because they have advertised the PS5 version of Ark2 for $39.99 which means since PC and Xbox get Ark SA with their $49.99 purchase, it's only a $10 difference, and therefore people should be given the choice to purchase just Ark SA for that $10 without Ark 2.   


On top of this, after having seen the issues with Forspoken on the Unreal 5 Engine and how players basically had to run it on Low settings or have an RTX 4090 and state of the art PC to run it on High and Ultra settings, I have no faith that this same issues isn't going to happen with the upgrade, and I'd rather wait and see how that's going to play out.  


So why the heck would I want to pay more money for a "Remaster" that potentially isn't going to play or look any better than what I currently play on my current hardware? The official servers are not a draw for me.
        A perfectly valid point.
    No you're paying 50 bucks for 1.5. which links to but does not purchase ark2. You will have to also purchase ark 2 it's self upon release and all dlc for the original ark due to it also being "remastered" dlc content this includes all map packs.
Or if you already owned the DLCs for ARK: SE you would get discount or get them for free
    If the discount isn't 50% minimum you're still getting screwed.
Exactly my feeling on this, forcing us to rebuy the dlcs is so blatantly predatory it makes me furious
You should’ve just purchased the Ultimate Survivor Edition. It comes with ALL maps, story and free DLC, packaged in one.
Not even the Gen 1 and Gen 2 pass? 
https://store.playstation.com/en-us/product/UP0691-CUSA06676_00-ARKGENESISPASS00
    I got the genesis DLCs, I was talking about Extinction lol.
That's strange bcs I bought aberration then it let me buy the season pass
i dont play on PS not really sure why it wont let yoou buy a season pass just because you own some of the dlc already individually. maybe its a sony issue. not how xbox store works.
ye but its kinda scam for all who already bought it and like 110 dollar for a game i already have is just not woth it for UE5 and some bugg fixes which they should have made years ago
    Games been rebuilt from the ground up in Unreal 5, it's not just a simple graphics update.
The game will look and feel completely different, it'll be a new game but Ark.
        i personally would wait a few days/weeks before buying it because i want to see what they fixed and reworked first because im not gonna buy a buggy piece of shit for that price if i already have the game
        Ground up? No it hasn't.
            Yes it has lol, they've rebuilt it from the ground up using unreal 5.
It'll be bigger and supported for years to come according to Wildcard.
It's borderline a new game, it's a remaster of Ark but better graphics, bug fixes and loads of other implementations.
                supported for years? u mean like ark officially had/has a support but they dont do shot anyways so...i for my experience wouldnt trust ob wildcards support in any game
                    Recent QoL updates decimating the QoL lol. Took em a month to fix the whistle wheel a pretty vital mechanic to the game. Then the server list stopped putting last played at the top(minor I know). But it's a very simple fix gone ignored for a long time.
                LOL your obviously trolling.
                    Why am I trolling, because I'm not jumping on the let's hate Ark wagon?
No one asked for this. We asked for Ark 2
If it solves meshing and aimbot it’s literally a different game
    No official..... Meshing and aimbotting solved
        Tough to find an unofficial PvP server that has pop and isn’t boosted to high fuck.
            Oh I know, ue5 upgrade needs a proper server browser. How anyone finds an appropriate server with no way to view the details of prospective servers is beyond me.
If you check the community crunch on wildcards website regarding the delay for ark 2 it actually does say 19.99 per dlc bundle. Hence the 40 for both purchases
49.99 for the game then 19.99 for se and abbe, 19.99 for genesis 1/2 and other paid dlcs https://survivetheark.com/index.php?/articles.html/community-crunch-355-ark-roadmap-evo-event-and-more-r2075/
    Oh I see, I am blind. Thanks!
It says it on the steam news page
They are in Washington, near Seattle.
    You're right, I think I knew that and forgot lol. Either way, same timezone.
🤓
I’m in California they post it while I was in work during the day at 2:41 pm
They're talking about ARk 2 and how to get A:SA you need to get in a bundle with a pre-order for Ark 2
Maybe they just don't give a shit about Ark 1 anymore? They have been working on this unreal engine 5 version and ark 2. Makes sense that they let Ark 1 go to shit. How long do you think they have known about this complete rehaul of Ark 1? A couple of years at least, why bother fixing anything on Ark 1 and Unreal engine 4, when you are in the process of fixing everything and releasing Ark 1 on Unreal 5?
    Ark devs have always been pretty awful when it comes to literally anything outside the concept itself. Execution and maintenance of its systems are complete afterthoughts.
    The reasoning doesn’t make it any less childish. The devs have literally admitted they don’t like the official player base and they think they are toxic. It’s clear they believe they have a concept that’s capable of becoming a standalone game because they are not going to have their current player base in the same quantity of players if they do this. They are going to kill the community and ark 1 is going to completely shut down.
Releasing and charging more for DLC's that had already released years ago? There's no actual new content here. This is a cashgrab.
    Not surprised though. This is the company that released paid DLC before the game finished beta after all.
    It definitely is, and the only reason they're doing it is because they know Ark 2 is going to take forever. But at least they're also doing a bunch of QOL improvements and adding some new features. So it's not just a straight UE upgrade like we expected.

The DLC absolutely should not cost anything at this point. On that part I'm 100% with you that it's a cash grab.
        I'm fine with the game itself having a cost, but yeah, paying for additional DLC that I already paid for is stupid.

I'll pay 50$ for an upgrade to UE5, but it should be treated as just that. An upgrade of what I have, not a whole new game. Of course in implementation it will technically be a new game, but the philosophy with which they treat it should be a 50$ upgrade, not a new 50$ game.
            Ark 1 “remaster” gonna end up being ark 2 watch
                I've been suspecting for a while that Wildcard knows that ARK 2 will be kind of shit, which is why they have been randomly giving us more and more other things while being very vague about the state of ARK 2.

Another random creature vote, and now this? I get that they have a dedicated ARK 1 and ARK 2 team, but if they really needed so much more work to get done you'd think they'd start allocating more resources to ARK 2. At this point I think they should just merge ARK 2 and ASA and find a middle ground that is more similar to ARK 1, but also gives us the story and combat and what not that ARK 2 promised.
These remasters shouldn't include content that was promised on the main game (UE 5 upgrade for exemple) and shouldn't make you pay for the DLCs, most remastered will include all of the released content of the default game. Worst part is that they'll release a new DLC on the Ascended version that won't be on the normal version. If you supported the game since the start they expect you to buy everything again and continue to support them by buying another DLC. You're penalised over new user that can buy the "remastered" game (And dlc) + ark 2  for the same priced that you paid and they can have the new DLC without needing to pay the game twice.
Actual users should have all their DLC transfered at the very very least.
And yeah, people playing on official servers are expected to start fresh on the same game with new graphics and QOL updates because why the fuck not. Makes no sense at all.
They're really saying we'll give you the remaster for free if you purchase Ark 2. They are trying to sell a game no one has seen yet. Instead of bundling Ark 2, dont charge $40 for the DLC's.  The problem is a very active player base, 80,000 24 hour peak.  Eve online for example, less than 28k. They are betting on they can make people move.
Its about that they Lied to us about the update
    Again. Then don't buy it.
        Fuck off lol, people are still allowed to come here and shit on them. "Muh uh just don't buy it guys ha look how smart I am!" Lmfao
        All the stuff I have on official will go offline when they shut off the servers, regardless of whether I buy the new version or not.
            Did you expect them to be live forever? This eventually happens for all online games.
                Nope. But considering how they've had legacy servers running for years, even adding servers for new maps to the legacy cluster, I'd at least hope that they'd keep official going for a while into Ark 2's life cycle.
Why in the world did you buy it 4 times
    Xbox one, steam, playstion. Once for a friend
As well as PC players.
I was reading and apparently it’ll be coming to PlayStation as well
    It may, but it won't be bundled like for Xbox and PC. So you will probably have to pay for Ark 2 and UE5 separately. Probably costing 100 dollars on Ps5 while on Xbox and Pc, you get both for 50.
        I’m pretty sure in the road map it said the bundle and separate versions would be on Xbox, PlayStation and PC. But ig time will tell
            Nope. PS5 gets fucked and will pay extra compared to pc and Xbox.
                That's what a MS exclusive title means when it releases.
                Oh well that sucks.
            It’ll come eventually to ps5 but we will have to most likely pay $60+ on top of already paid for ark 1.5 which is $90

Xbox and pc get both for $50 and earlier access.

PlayStation is getting shafted plain and simple.
                Damn fucking dumb.
then don't buy it
    I wont
        [deleted]
            "I like the game but it has many problems"

FUCK OFF TROLL!!!""
            This is an Ark sub, not Ark 2. The post isn't even about Ark 2 calm down
            1. I like ark 1 but i dont like what they aere doing with the community 
2. If im correct the Name of this subreddit is r/ARK not r/ARK2 this subreddit is for ark 1 and ark 2 so what is even the sense behind your comment ?
3. Who says i cant dislike ark 2 ?
                I agree with him ark 2 will 100 percent suck it’s easy to tell just from the stuff they have said about it (and it’s made by wildcard). Even if in the 1/10000 chance it doesn’t suck it will be a completely different game.
    But if you wanna play ark ascend then you have to
    I like learning new things.
By then it will be old technology and they'll make you pay again to upgrade to a new engine.
I never had a problem with PVE, just had to spend a few hours picking a good server.
    [deleted]
        Sounds about right. I'd spend am afternoon trying different servers until finding one that was playable, with an open spot, and then was good for months.

But seriously whatever works for each of us.
I'm so excited for the duping and cheating in UE5! Anyone else pumped!?
    Duping and cheating *with raytracing*.
        Well boys we got meshed again....

That one tribemate: but we were meshed in UE5!
How dare they to enhance my toxic dumpster of clusters?
Look at this mofo putting faith in a company that has CONSISTENTLY shown they are all but completely inept. Good for you tho!!!!
Hold on, the ARK 1 DLCS have almost THE SAME PRICE AS THE REMASTERED GAME AND THE SECOND GAME COMBINED?!
    Yes
That meme never promised it would be free though. But another reply did show them saying that it would be free, so they did in fact promise it.
    They literally said it would be FREE and no Character wipes. Both lies.
        There is a difference between a lie and a broken promise.
            No there isn't. It's the same thing.
                to make an untrue statement *with intent to deceive* (Merriam-Webster)

Why be so confident on a topic that you are clearly clueless about?
                    Why do you think they didn't intend to deceive... This is Wildcard and Snail. They deceive all the time. And how is a "broken promise" any better than a lie?
                        The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
Snail Games Stock Price.mp4
Snail games stock plummited right before the they said this
They said ue5 free, turns out it's not. Now they say ark 2 is included in ascended... yea right. Fool me twice... you can't get fooled again.
Then don’t pay for it. You aren’t forced to pay anything.
Also we didnt even see anithing about ark 2 we cant even say if we like it or not
Yes this sucks but official players are the minority I believe. So unless you play official literally nothing will change
Cry
Yes its a bit much but consider that the DLC cost like 30$ at launch so you get every DLC for 10$ more onto the back then prize. I can understand the outrage about it costing money but remember that in order to even make things like these possible they just need the money
    Consider this, they said it would be free #1 and #2 it's not our fault they're incapable of making ark 2. If it's really Bern in production since probably before 2020, they've most likely sunk all their resources into it. It's not our fault wildcard is so wildly mismanaged that ark 2 won't be out till the end of 2024
        I agree that it was assholish of them to announce it for free. But still. You dont have to pay for it at all if you dont support it.
            I would happily support ASA if they weren't trying to get me to spend 40 dollars on dlc I bought for 60 when at this moment the only thing they're doing is putting the dlcs through unreal 5 for better graphics. Really at the end of the day 90% of people's complaints is having to rebuild dlc for only a face lift.
Awww bb are you ok?  You’re so brave to still post on Reddit after such a harrowing experience. You’re a real hero!!!!
    Dam bro your boyfriend call you ugly or are you too daft to see a joke
> then i asked reddit if they felt the same and i got called the n word

Gamer moment.
Unreal Engine 5 is almost an entirely different engine and it’s fair to see a different game rather than just a port
I don’t know why I’m getting downvoted, yeah it’s a stupid decision but they’ve been running the game servers forever and I can image they are incredibly expensive to run with how unoptimized the game is. Sooner or later, the servers would go down anyways, and regardless the game still has an active community with lots of servers similar to the official ones
Yeah you can't transfer to the new game despite them previously having said you could... You will be able to use your save data on single player or an unofficial server on the old game.
    My understanding is yu can only transfer the save data to a private paid for server like nitrado or such. Would be awesome if what your saying is correct so please fill me in if this is true but i dont think it is?
        That could be it. I know single player is possible (but who wants that...). But, yeah it might need to be a private server, not unofficial.
is it not an april fools ? sounds like a terrible decision
    They postet it on march 31.
Bro why do you continue to spell ASCENDED incorrectly?  You do realize there’s no T in it right?  You do realize that right…?
It’s just like any remastered game. I’ve bought games for the second (or third time) before so this really is nothing different. Can’t forget they are a business and switching to UE5 can’t be cheap PLUS they need to upgrade for PS5 anyway
That makes it not better they take away stuff so that you have to buy ark ascendet
    As far as I’m aware you can continue to play ark survival evolved, they’re just not supporting the official servers anymore. No one’s gonna force you to buy ascended nor do you have to. You can still play ark evolved
        Yes but it still will be Lagging like nothing Else and dont get ue5 and they said that it will be for ark 1 not for any other Version
            That’s true it’s still gonna lag and be ark, but if you want to upgrade then upgrade, if not then you don’t have to. It sucks this upgrade costs money but I’m gonna hold back from crying over it until I see gameplay on the new engine and how the mods run. I planned to pre order ark 2 anyways so I see it as an added bonus.
This
Also, tons are claiming that you can’t transfer over saves, which might not necessarily be true. They said it is not backwards compatible, that doesn’t mean it wont be forwards compatible.
    It specifically says you cannot bring your character. You will be able to download your save data to play in single player. Or to play on your own server.
        Yes, that is also what I said. Official servers are starting from fresh, but I was talking about private servers/single player
            Yes, but not on the new game, just the old one.
                I don't know what you mean, could you clarify?

I am saying that we might be able to port over saves from ARK:SE to ASA as a one time thing. We won't be able to then take those saves back to ARK:SE, but if you play on an unofficial server or singleplayer world, you may be able to continue your save in ASA. This has been done in many different games that have done similar remasters.
                    The post says that we will not be able to transfer characters to ASA. Not even as a one time thing. That's why people are upset as they had previously said we could. You can take your save from an Ark:SE official server and play it on Ark:SE single player or private server when they shut down the official servers in 4 months. That's it.
                        Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
Nice! I’m happy with the change so long as we still get official online servers 😄
It took me less than 14 minutes to find someone selling an used car costing less than ark ascended thats insane the game costs more than a car 40 each dlc and there are like 6 and base game ASA like 60€ is 300€
    Bruh
I don't know many companies that'll give a game away for free with absolutely no return. 
I can't imagine Wildcards investors will be happy if the game dropped completely free of charge.
It'll be nice, don't get me wrong but I don't think so.
    There's a thousand ways to monetize a free game, Wildcard doesn't have an excuse. There's dozens of examples of this.
        You're talking about turning it into a Free To Play game with micro transactions making them money in the same vein as Fortnite. 
I personally am not a fan of free to play game with a micro transaction economy set-up. 
I prefer buying a game and then purchasing DLC similar to how they've always done it.
And we cant say anithing about ark 2 exept : Vin Diesel, Planet thats not earth , no tek and new dino Designs
At least something...
Ark 2 for $50 a YEAR AND A HALF before it comes out. With no gameplay footage until next year. They want you to buy a game they have told you nothing about
    Most games are starting to be 70$ a year or 2 before they come out and they dont come with any game before then. I'm not saying its right to charge for all this but compared to everything else going on with shit like this its a steal.
        No they dont. Usually you can preorder games a few month before release (something around 2month) but never more than a year
            Duke nukem was able to be preordered for like 10 years. I know that is an exception but still. Just because everything is EA now doesn’t mean your not basically preordering.
                Lmao at using Duke nukem as a comparison for anything. Why even pre-orders games? You can pretty much buy any game week of release and get the pre-order edition or bonus code, but who really needs some gimicky bonus skin anyway. Games don't sell out of physical copies and literally why would you need to pre-order a digital download when my internet downloads a 100gb game in 5 min. I can't remember any game selling out for pre-order since digital downloads have existed. I pre-ordered BF2042 for early access as a big fan of the series and literally got screwed out of $100 because I trusted EA and assumed they wouldn't serve up a platter of hot dogshit. It's my fault though for falling for gimmicky pre-order bullshit. Does any remember pre-ordering a physical game with cash at toysrus or EB games or whatever and going to pick it up day of or night before a hype release? THPS2, pokemon yellow, GTA vice city. Now those were some hype ass games worth pre-ordering lol. Back when games actually sold out on pre-sale with no bonuses.
        They are also releasing a sequel to a game they never actually finished.
It’s because people haven’t seen any gameplay yet, but I mean either way for me I would buy as I’m a huge fan of Ark so will definitely want to try Ark 2.
You left out having to pay for all original ark 1.5 dlc again separately
I don't think people are ignoring the fact you get Ark2 for $50, but rather they don't want to be forced to purchase it so they can continue to play Ark SA on official servers.    


I would rather pay $10-15 for Ark SA and not have Ark2 included as I don't like the direction they are taking the combat in the style of the Souls games and I don't like purchasing a game without seeing concrete game play before hand. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be forced into Crowd Funding a project I'm not sure about. It's a dirty tactic and tells me they have no faith in it.    


Oh.. and I'm saying I'd pay $10 for Ark SA because they have advertised the PS5 version of Ark2 for $39.99 which means since PC and Xbox get Ark SA with their $49.99 purchase, it's only a $10 difference, and therefore people should be given the choice to purchase just Ark SA for that $10 without Ark 2.   


On top of this, after having seen the issues with Forspoken on the Unreal 5 Engine and how players basically had to run it on Low settings or have an RTX 4090 and state of the art PC to run it on High and Ultra settings, I have no faith that this same issues isn't going to happen with the upgrade, and I'd rather wait and see how that's going to play out.  


So why the heck would I want to pay more money for a "Remaster" that potentially isn't going to play or look any better than what I currently play on my current hardware? The official servers are not a draw for me.
    A perfectly valid point.
No you're paying 50 bucks for 1.5. which links to but does not purchase ark2. You will have to also purchase ark 2 it's self upon release and all dlc for the original ark due to it also being "remastered" dlc content this includes all map packs.
If the discount isn't 50% minimum you're still getting screwed.
I got the genesis DLCs, I was talking about Extinction lol.
Games been rebuilt from the ground up in Unreal 5, it's not just a simple graphics update.
The game will look and feel completely different, it'll be a new game but Ark.
    i personally would wait a few days/weeks before buying it because i want to see what they fixed and reworked first because im not gonna buy a buggy piece of shit for that price if i already have the game
    Ground up? No it hasn't.
        Yes it has lol, they've rebuilt it from the ground up using unreal 5.
It'll be bigger and supported for years to come according to Wildcard.
It's borderline a new game, it's a remaster of Ark but better graphics, bug fixes and loads of other implementations.
            supported for years? u mean like ark officially had/has a support but they dont do shot anyways so...i for my experience wouldnt trust ob wildcards support in any game
                Recent QoL updates decimating the QoL lol. Took em a month to fix the whistle wheel a pretty vital mechanic to the game. Then the server list stopped putting last played at the top(minor I know). But it's a very simple fix gone ignored for a long time.
            LOL your obviously trolling.
                Why am I trolling, because I'm not jumping on the let's hate Ark wagon?
No official..... Meshing and aimbotting solved
    Tough to find an unofficial PvP server that has pop and isn’t boosted to high fuck.
        Oh I know, ue5 upgrade needs a proper server browser. How anyone finds an appropriate server with no way to view the details of prospective servers is beyond me.
Oh I see, I am blind. Thanks!
You're right, I think I knew that and forgot lol. Either way, same timezone.
Ark devs have always been pretty awful when it comes to literally anything outside the concept itself. Execution and maintenance of its systems are complete afterthoughts.
The reasoning doesn’t make it any less childish. The devs have literally admitted they don’t like the official player base and they think they are toxic. It’s clear they believe they have a concept that’s capable of becoming a standalone game because they are not going to have their current player base in the same quantity of players if they do this. They are going to kill the community and ark 1 is going to completely shut down.
Not surprised though. This is the company that released paid DLC before the game finished beta after all.
It definitely is, and the only reason they're doing it is because they know Ark 2 is going to take forever. But at least they're also doing a bunch of QOL improvements and adding some new features. So it's not just a straight UE upgrade like we expected.

The DLC absolutely should not cost anything at this point. On that part I'm 100% with you that it's a cash grab.
    I'm fine with the game itself having a cost, but yeah, paying for additional DLC that I already paid for is stupid.

I'll pay 50$ for an upgrade to UE5, but it should be treated as just that. An upgrade of what I have, not a whole new game. Of course in implementation it will technically be a new game, but the philosophy with which they treat it should be a 50$ upgrade, not a new 50$ game.
        Ark 1 “remaster” gonna end up being ark 2 watch
            I've been suspecting for a while that Wildcard knows that ARK 2 will be kind of shit, which is why they have been randomly giving us more and more other things while being very vague about the state of ARK 2.

Another random creature vote, and now this? I get that they have a dedicated ARK 1 and ARK 2 team, but if they really needed so much more work to get done you'd think they'd start allocating more resources to ARK 2. At this point I think they should just merge ARK 2 and ASA and find a middle ground that is more similar to ARK 1, but also gives us the story and combat and what not that ARK 2 promised.
Again. Then don't buy it.
    Fuck off lol, people are still allowed to come here and shit on them. "Muh uh just don't buy it guys ha look how smart I am!" Lmfao
    All the stuff I have on official will go offline when they shut off the servers, regardless of whether I buy the new version or not.
        Did you expect them to be live forever? This eventually happens for all online games.
            Nope. But considering how they've had legacy servers running for years, even adding servers for new maps to the legacy cluster, I'd at least hope that they'd keep official going for a while into Ark 2's life cycle.
Xbox one, steam, playstion. Once for a friend
It may, but it won't be bundled like for Xbox and PC. So you will probably have to pay for Ark 2 and UE5 separately. Probably costing 100 dollars on Ps5 while on Xbox and Pc, you get both for 50.
    I’m pretty sure in the road map it said the bundle and separate versions would be on Xbox, PlayStation and PC. But ig time will tell
        Nope. PS5 gets fucked and will pay extra compared to pc and Xbox.
            That's what a MS exclusive title means when it releases.
            Oh well that sucks.
        It’ll come eventually to ps5 but we will have to most likely pay $60+ on top of already paid for ark 1.5 which is $90

Xbox and pc get both for $50 and earlier access.

PlayStation is getting shafted plain and simple.
            Damn fucking dumb.
I wont
    [deleted]
        "I like the game but it has many problems"

FUCK OFF TROLL!!!""
        This is an Ark sub, not Ark 2. The post isn't even about Ark 2 calm down
        1. I like ark 1 but i dont like what they aere doing with the community 
2. If im correct the Name of this subreddit is r/ARK not r/ARK2 this subreddit is for ark 1 and ark 2 so what is even the sense behind your comment ?
3. Who says i cant dislike ark 2 ?
            I agree with him ark 2 will 100 percent suck it’s easy to tell just from the stuff they have said about it (and it’s made by wildcard). Even if in the 1/10000 chance it doesn’t suck it will be a completely different game.
But if you wanna play ark ascend then you have to
I like learning new things.
[deleted]
    Sounds about right. I'd spend am afternoon trying different servers until finding one that was playable, with an open spot, and then was good for months.

But seriously whatever works for each of us.
Duping and cheating *with raytracing*.
    Well boys we got meshed again....

That one tribemate: but we were meshed in UE5!
Yes
They literally said it would be FREE and no Character wipes. Both lies.
    There is a difference between a lie and a broken promise.
        No there isn't. It's the same thing.
            to make an untrue statement *with intent to deceive* (Merriam-Webster)

Why be so confident on a topic that you are clearly clueless about?
                Why do you think they didn't intend to deceive... This is Wildcard and Snail. They deceive all the time. And how is a "broken promise" any better than a lie?
                    The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
Consider this, they said it would be free #1 and #2 it's not our fault they're incapable of making ark 2. If it's really Bern in production since probably before 2020, they've most likely sunk all their resources into it. It's not our fault wildcard is so wildly mismanaged that ark 2 won't be out till the end of 2024
    I agree that it was assholish of them to announce it for free. But still. You dont have to pay for it at all if you dont support it.
        I would happily support ASA if they weren't trying to get me to spend 40 dollars on dlc I bought for 60 when at this moment the only thing they're doing is putting the dlcs through unreal 5 for better graphics. Really at the end of the day 90% of people's complaints is having to rebuild dlc for only a face lift.
Dam bro your boyfriend call you ugly or are you too daft to see a joke
My understanding is yu can only transfer the save data to a private paid for server like nitrado or such. Would be awesome if what your saying is correct so please fill me in if this is true but i dont think it is?
    That could be it. I know single player is possible (but who wants that...). But, yeah it might need to be a private server, not unofficial.
They postet it on march 31.
As far as I’m aware you can continue to play ark survival evolved, they’re just not supporting the official servers anymore. No one’s gonna force you to buy ascended nor do you have to. You can still play ark evolved
    Yes but it still will be Lagging like nothing Else and dont get ue5 and they said that it will be for ark 1 not for any other Version
        That’s true it’s still gonna lag and be ark, but if you want to upgrade then upgrade, if not then you don’t have to. It sucks this upgrade costs money but I’m gonna hold back from crying over it until I see gameplay on the new engine and how the mods run. I planned to pre order ark 2 anyways so I see it as an added bonus.
It specifically says you cannot bring your character. You will be able to download your save data to play in single player. Or to play on your own server.
    Yes, that is also what I said. Official servers are starting from fresh, but I was talking about private servers/single player
        Yes, but not on the new game, just the old one.
            I don't know what you mean, could you clarify?

I am saying that we might be able to port over saves from ARK:SE to ASA as a one time thing. We won't be able to then take those saves back to ARK:SE, but if you play on an unofficial server or singleplayer world, you may be able to continue your save in ASA. This has been done in many different games that have done similar remasters.
                The post says that we will not be able to transfer characters to ASA. Not even as a one time thing. That's why people are upset as they had previously said we could. You can take your save from an Ark:SE official server and play it on Ark:SE single player or private server when they shut down the official servers in 4 months. That's it.
                    Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
Bruh
There's a thousand ways to monetize a free game, Wildcard doesn't have an excuse. There's dozens of examples of this.
    You're talking about turning it into a Free To Play game with micro transactions making them money in the same vein as Fortnite. 
I personally am not a fan of free to play game with a micro transaction economy set-up. 
I prefer buying a game and then purchasing DLC similar to how they've always done it.
Most games are starting to be 70$ a year or 2 before they come out and they dont come with any game before then. I'm not saying its right to charge for all this but compared to everything else going on with shit like this its a steal.
    No they dont. Usually you can preorder games a few month before release (something around 2month) but never more than a year
        Duke nukem was able to be preordered for like 10 years. I know that is an exception but still. Just because everything is EA now doesn’t mean your not basically preordering.
            Lmao at using Duke nukem as a comparison for anything. Why even pre-orders games? You can pretty much buy any game week of release and get the pre-order edition or bonus code, but who really needs some gimicky bonus skin anyway. Games don't sell out of physical copies and literally why would you need to pre-order a digital download when my internet downloads a 100gb game in 5 min. I can't remember any game selling out for pre-order since digital downloads have existed. I pre-ordered BF2042 for early access as a big fan of the series and literally got screwed out of $100 because I trusted EA and assumed they wouldn't serve up a platter of hot dogshit. It's my fault though for falling for gimmicky pre-order bullshit. Does any remember pre-ordering a physical game with cash at toysrus or EB games or whatever and going to pick it up day of or night before a hype release? THPS2, pokemon yellow, GTA vice city. Now those were some hype ass games worth pre-ordering lol. Back when games actually sold out on pre-sale with no bonuses.
    They are also releasing a sequel to a game they never actually finished.
A perfectly valid point.
i personally would wait a few days/weeks before buying it because i want to see what they fixed and reworked first because im not gonna buy a buggy piece of shit for that price if i already have the game
Ground up? No it hasn't.
    Yes it has lol, they've rebuilt it from the ground up using unreal 5.
It'll be bigger and supported for years to come according to Wildcard.
It's borderline a new game, it's a remaster of Ark but better graphics, bug fixes and loads of other implementations.
        supported for years? u mean like ark officially had/has a support but they dont do shot anyways so...i for my experience wouldnt trust ob wildcards support in any game
            Recent QoL updates decimating the QoL lol. Took em a month to fix the whistle wheel a pretty vital mechanic to the game. Then the server list stopped putting last played at the top(minor I know). But it's a very simple fix gone ignored for a long time.
        LOL your obviously trolling.
            Why am I trolling, because I'm not jumping on the let's hate Ark wagon?
Tough to find an unofficial PvP server that has pop and isn’t boosted to high fuck.
    Oh I know, ue5 upgrade needs a proper server browser. How anyone finds an appropriate server with no way to view the details of prospective servers is beyond me.
I'm fine with the game itself having a cost, but yeah, paying for additional DLC that I already paid for is stupid.

I'll pay 50$ for an upgrade to UE5, but it should be treated as just that. An upgrade of what I have, not a whole new game. Of course in implementation it will technically be a new game, but the philosophy with which they treat it should be a 50$ upgrade, not a new 50$ game.
    Ark 1 “remaster” gonna end up being ark 2 watch
        I've been suspecting for a while that Wildcard knows that ARK 2 will be kind of shit, which is why they have been randomly giving us more and more other things while being very vague about the state of ARK 2.

Another random creature vote, and now this? I get that they have a dedicated ARK 1 and ARK 2 team, but if they really needed so much more work to get done you'd think they'd start allocating more resources to ARK 2. At this point I think they should just merge ARK 2 and ASA and find a middle ground that is more similar to ARK 1, but also gives us the story and combat and what not that ARK 2 promised.
Fuck off lol, people are still allowed to come here and shit on them. "Muh uh just don't buy it guys ha look how smart I am!" Lmfao
All the stuff I have on official will go offline when they shut off the servers, regardless of whether I buy the new version or not.
    Did you expect them to be live forever? This eventually happens for all online games.
        Nope. But considering how they've had legacy servers running for years, even adding servers for new maps to the legacy cluster, I'd at least hope that they'd keep official going for a while into Ark 2's life cycle.
I’m pretty sure in the road map it said the bundle and separate versions would be on Xbox, PlayStation and PC. But ig time will tell
    Nope. PS5 gets fucked and will pay extra compared to pc and Xbox.
        That's what a MS exclusive title means when it releases.
        Oh well that sucks.
    It’ll come eventually to ps5 but we will have to most likely pay $60+ on top of already paid for ark 1.5 which is $90

Xbox and pc get both for $50 and earlier access.

PlayStation is getting shafted plain and simple.
        Damn fucking dumb.
[deleted]
    "I like the game but it has many problems"

FUCK OFF TROLL!!!""
    This is an Ark sub, not Ark 2. The post isn't even about Ark 2 calm down
    1. I like ark 1 but i dont like what they aere doing with the community 
2. If im correct the Name of this subreddit is r/ARK not r/ARK2 this subreddit is for ark 1 and ark 2 so what is even the sense behind your comment ?
3. Who says i cant dislike ark 2 ?
        I agree with him ark 2 will 100 percent suck it’s easy to tell just from the stuff they have said about it (and it’s made by wildcard). Even if in the 1/10000 chance it doesn’t suck it will be a completely different game.
Sounds about right. I'd spend am afternoon trying different servers until finding one that was playable, with an open spot, and then was good for months.

But seriously whatever works for each of us.
Well boys we got meshed again....

That one tribemate: but we were meshed in UE5!
There is a difference between a lie and a broken promise.
    No there isn't. It's the same thing.
        to make an untrue statement *with intent to deceive* (Merriam-Webster)

Why be so confident on a topic that you are clearly clueless about?
            Why do you think they didn't intend to deceive... This is Wildcard and Snail. They deceive all the time. And how is a "broken promise" any better than a lie?
                The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
I agree that it was assholish of them to announce it for free. But still. You dont have to pay for it at all if you dont support it.
    I would happily support ASA if they weren't trying to get me to spend 40 dollars on dlc I bought for 60 when at this moment the only thing they're doing is putting the dlcs through unreal 5 for better graphics. Really at the end of the day 90% of people's complaints is having to rebuild dlc for only a face lift.
That could be it. I know single player is possible (but who wants that...). But, yeah it might need to be a private server, not unofficial.
Yes but it still will be Lagging like nothing Else and dont get ue5 and they said that it will be for ark 1 not for any other Version
    That’s true it’s still gonna lag and be ark, but if you want to upgrade then upgrade, if not then you don’t have to. It sucks this upgrade costs money but I’m gonna hold back from crying over it until I see gameplay on the new engine and how the mods run. I planned to pre order ark 2 anyways so I see it as an added bonus.
Yes, that is also what I said. Official servers are starting from fresh, but I was talking about private servers/single player
    Yes, but not on the new game, just the old one.
        I don't know what you mean, could you clarify?

I am saying that we might be able to port over saves from ARK:SE to ASA as a one time thing. We won't be able to then take those saves back to ARK:SE, but if you play on an unofficial server or singleplayer world, you may be able to continue your save in ASA. This has been done in many different games that have done similar remasters.
            The post says that we will not be able to transfer characters to ASA. Not even as a one time thing. That's why people are upset as they had previously said we could. You can take your save from an Ark:SE official server and play it on Ark:SE single player or private server when they shut down the official servers in 4 months. That's it.
                Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
You're talking about turning it into a Free To Play game with micro transactions making them money in the same vein as Fortnite. 
I personally am not a fan of free to play game with a micro transaction economy set-up. 
I prefer buying a game and then purchasing DLC similar to how they've always done it.
No they dont. Usually you can preorder games a few month before release (something around 2month) but never more than a year
    Duke nukem was able to be preordered for like 10 years. I know that is an exception but still. Just because everything is EA now doesn’t mean your not basically preordering.
        Lmao at using Duke nukem as a comparison for anything. Why even pre-orders games? You can pretty much buy any game week of release and get the pre-order edition or bonus code, but who really needs some gimicky bonus skin anyway. Games don't sell out of physical copies and literally why would you need to pre-order a digital download when my internet downloads a 100gb game in 5 min. I can't remember any game selling out for pre-order since digital downloads have existed. I pre-ordered BF2042 for early access as a big fan of the series and literally got screwed out of $100 because I trusted EA and assumed they wouldn't serve up a platter of hot dogshit. It's my fault though for falling for gimmicky pre-order bullshit. Does any remember pre-ordering a physical game with cash at toysrus or EB games or whatever and going to pick it up day of or night before a hype release? THPS2, pokemon yellow, GTA vice city. Now those were some hype ass games worth pre-ordering lol. Back when games actually sold out on pre-sale with no bonuses.
They are also releasing a sequel to a game they never actually finished.
Yes it has lol, they've rebuilt it from the ground up using unreal 5.
It'll be bigger and supported for years to come according to Wildcard.
It's borderline a new game, it's a remaster of Ark but better graphics, bug fixes and loads of other implementations.
    supported for years? u mean like ark officially had/has a support but they dont do shot anyways so...i for my experience wouldnt trust ob wildcards support in any game
        Recent QoL updates decimating the QoL lol. Took em a month to fix the whistle wheel a pretty vital mechanic to the game. Then the server list stopped putting last played at the top(minor I know). But it's a very simple fix gone ignored for a long time.
    LOL your obviously trolling.
        Why am I trolling, because I'm not jumping on the let's hate Ark wagon?
Oh I know, ue5 upgrade needs a proper server browser. How anyone finds an appropriate server with no way to view the details of prospective servers is beyond me.
Ark 1 “remaster” gonna end up being ark 2 watch
    I've been suspecting for a while that Wildcard knows that ARK 2 will be kind of shit, which is why they have been randomly giving us more and more other things while being very vague about the state of ARK 2.

Another random creature vote, and now this? I get that they have a dedicated ARK 1 and ARK 2 team, but if they really needed so much more work to get done you'd think they'd start allocating more resources to ARK 2. At this point I think they should just merge ARK 2 and ASA and find a middle ground that is more similar to ARK 1, but also gives us the story and combat and what not that ARK 2 promised.
Did you expect them to be live forever? This eventually happens for all online games.
    Nope. But considering how they've had legacy servers running for years, even adding servers for new maps to the legacy cluster, I'd at least hope that they'd keep official going for a while into Ark 2's life cycle.
Nope. PS5 gets fucked and will pay extra compared to pc and Xbox.
    That's what a MS exclusive title means when it releases.
    Oh well that sucks.
It’ll come eventually to ps5 but we will have to most likely pay $60+ on top of already paid for ark 1.5 which is $90

Xbox and pc get both for $50 and earlier access.

PlayStation is getting shafted plain and simple.
    Damn fucking dumb.
"I like the game but it has many problems"

FUCK OFF TROLL!!!""
This is an Ark sub, not Ark 2. The post isn't even about Ark 2 calm down
1. I like ark 1 but i dont like what they aere doing with the community 
2. If im correct the Name of this subreddit is r/ARK not r/ARK2 this subreddit is for ark 1 and ark 2 so what is even the sense behind your comment ?
3. Who says i cant dislike ark 2 ?
    I agree with him ark 2 will 100 percent suck it’s easy to tell just from the stuff they have said about it (and it’s made by wildcard). Even if in the 1/10000 chance it doesn’t suck it will be a completely different game.
No there isn't. It's the same thing.
    to make an untrue statement *with intent to deceive* (Merriam-Webster)

Why be so confident on a topic that you are clearly clueless about?
        Why do you think they didn't intend to deceive... This is Wildcard and Snail. They deceive all the time. And how is a "broken promise" any better than a lie?
            The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
I would happily support ASA if they weren't trying to get me to spend 40 dollars on dlc I bought for 60 when at this moment the only thing they're doing is putting the dlcs through unreal 5 for better graphics. Really at the end of the day 90% of people's complaints is having to rebuild dlc for only a face lift.
That’s true it’s still gonna lag and be ark, but if you want to upgrade then upgrade, if not then you don’t have to. It sucks this upgrade costs money but I’m gonna hold back from crying over it until I see gameplay on the new engine and how the mods run. I planned to pre order ark 2 anyways so I see it as an added bonus.
Yes, but not on the new game, just the old one.
    I don't know what you mean, could you clarify?

I am saying that we might be able to port over saves from ARK:SE to ASA as a one time thing. We won't be able to then take those saves back to ARK:SE, but if you play on an unofficial server or singleplayer world, you may be able to continue your save in ASA. This has been done in many different games that have done similar remasters.
        The post says that we will not be able to transfer characters to ASA. Not even as a one time thing. That's why people are upset as they had previously said we could. You can take your save from an Ark:SE official server and play it on Ark:SE single player or private server when they shut down the official servers in 4 months. That's it.
            Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
Duke nukem was able to be preordered for like 10 years. I know that is an exception but still. Just because everything is EA now doesn’t mean your not basically preordering.
    Lmao at using Duke nukem as a comparison for anything. Why even pre-orders games? You can pretty much buy any game week of release and get the pre-order edition or bonus code, but who really needs some gimicky bonus skin anyway. Games don't sell out of physical copies and literally why would you need to pre-order a digital download when my internet downloads a 100gb game in 5 min. I can't remember any game selling out for pre-order since digital downloads have existed. I pre-ordered BF2042 for early access as a big fan of the series and literally got screwed out of $100 because I trusted EA and assumed they wouldn't serve up a platter of hot dogshit. It's my fault though for falling for gimmicky pre-order bullshit. Does any remember pre-ordering a physical game with cash at toysrus or EB games or whatever and going to pick it up day of or night before a hype release? THPS2, pokemon yellow, GTA vice city. Now those were some hype ass games worth pre-ordering lol. Back when games actually sold out on pre-sale with no bonuses.
supported for years? u mean like ark officially had/has a support but they dont do shot anyways so...i for my experience wouldnt trust ob wildcards support in any game
    Recent QoL updates decimating the QoL lol. Took em a month to fix the whistle wheel a pretty vital mechanic to the game. Then the server list stopped putting last played at the top(minor I know). But it's a very simple fix gone ignored for a long time.
LOL your obviously trolling.
    Why am I trolling, because I'm not jumping on the let's hate Ark wagon?
I've been suspecting for a while that Wildcard knows that ARK 2 will be kind of shit, which is why they have been randomly giving us more and more other things while being very vague about the state of ARK 2.

Another random creature vote, and now this? I get that they have a dedicated ARK 1 and ARK 2 team, but if they really needed so much more work to get done you'd think they'd start allocating more resources to ARK 2. At this point I think they should just merge ARK 2 and ASA and find a middle ground that is more similar to ARK 1, but also gives us the story and combat and what not that ARK 2 promised.
Nope. But considering how they've had legacy servers running for years, even adding servers for new maps to the legacy cluster, I'd at least hope that they'd keep official going for a while into Ark 2's life cycle.
That's what a MS exclusive title means when it releases.
Oh well that sucks.
Damn fucking dumb.
I agree with him ark 2 will 100 percent suck it’s easy to tell just from the stuff they have said about it (and it’s made by wildcard). Even if in the 1/10000 chance it doesn’t suck it will be a completely different game.
to make an untrue statement *with intent to deceive* (Merriam-Webster)

Why be so confident on a topic that you are clearly clueless about?
    Why do you think they didn't intend to deceive... This is Wildcard and Snail. They deceive all the time. And how is a "broken promise" any better than a lie?
        The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
I don't know what you mean, could you clarify?

I am saying that we might be able to port over saves from ARK:SE to ASA as a one time thing. We won't be able to then take those saves back to ARK:SE, but if you play on an unofficial server or singleplayer world, you may be able to continue your save in ASA. This has been done in many different games that have done similar remasters.
    The post says that we will not be able to transfer characters to ASA. Not even as a one time thing. That's why people are upset as they had previously said we could. You can take your save from an Ark:SE official server and play it on Ark:SE single player or private server when they shut down the official servers in 4 months. That's it.
        Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
Lmao at using Duke nukem as a comparison for anything. Why even pre-orders games? You can pretty much buy any game week of release and get the pre-order edition or bonus code, but who really needs some gimicky bonus skin anyway. Games don't sell out of physical copies and literally why would you need to pre-order a digital download when my internet downloads a 100gb game in 5 min. I can't remember any game selling out for pre-order since digital downloads have existed. I pre-ordered BF2042 for early access as a big fan of the series and literally got screwed out of $100 because I trusted EA and assumed they wouldn't serve up a platter of hot dogshit. It's my fault though for falling for gimmicky pre-order bullshit. Does any remember pre-ordering a physical game with cash at toysrus or EB games or whatever and going to pick it up day of or night before a hype release? THPS2, pokemon yellow, GTA vice city. Now those were some hype ass games worth pre-ordering lol. Back when games actually sold out on pre-sale with no bonuses.
Recent QoL updates decimating the QoL lol. Took em a month to fix the whistle wheel a pretty vital mechanic to the game. Then the server list stopped putting last played at the top(minor I know). But it's a very simple fix gone ignored for a long time.
Why am I trolling, because I'm not jumping on the let's hate Ark wagon?
Why do you think they didn't intend to deceive... This is Wildcard and Snail. They deceive all the time. And how is a "broken promise" any better than a lie?
    The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
The post says that we will not be able to transfer characters to ASA. Not even as a one time thing. That's why people are upset as they had previously said we could. You can take your save from an Ark:SE official server and play it on Ark:SE single player or private server when they shut down the official servers in 4 months. That's it.
    Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
The problem with wildcard is not that they deceive, it’s that they are idiotically shortsighted and make the same mistake over and over of promising things without making sure it is feasible, whether that is deadlines, content updates, or other things. That is not deceit, that is being stupid.

What makes me think this? Well it’s as simple as thinking about what they gain. Every time they go back on their word, they anger the entire community. Why would they intentionally do that? If they want to make money, they would make the same money even if they said it was paid for from the start. It’s not like they really did much to build hype for this update that would now force people to buy it. 

And lying is better than a broken promise because of what I italicized, the intention to deceive. If someone lies to you, they tricked you on purpose, likely to get something from you. If someone broke a promise, they still told you they would do something they didn’t, yeah, but their intention when making the promise wasn’t to break it. Being lied to is scummy. Having a promise broken is just irritating.
Where does it say that? All it says is "it is not feasible to make this new version of ARK backward compatible," which again, doesn't mean it wont be forwards compatible.
