[[Yeah pokemon platinum is fun. Help its been 10 days]]





I honestly thought it wouldn't kill her and she would heal back to full health
    I built a defensive doubles team around her in Gen V. I'd send Shuckle out with her and use Guard Swap. She could tank Close Combats like a champ.
        I imagine this didn’t work out for you very well a lot of the time as a lead? I run fake out or taunt on most of my leads for guys like you lol
            Yeah, it wasn't the most successful team. Taunt shut it down, and my win condition was stalling out with Toxic, so Steel-types shut it down hard, too. But it was fun when it worked. For me, at least.
                And that’s all that matters
                Don't let your memes be dremes.
        That’s evil. 

I’m gonna make a doubles-focused romhack and have an elite four member use this, just because I’m this inspired
            Hey, it might offer a challenge unlike the core games since gen 6.
                Ultra Necrozma.
        You monster.
        This is the most evil thing I've ever seen
        But could it tank +6 Close Combat? I remember a combo specifically in Gen5 that had Beat Up + Terrakion to give the latter a +6 boost.
            Yup. Played against that combo once and she held her ground. Each Close Combat took about half her HP, but she kept healing it back.

I think I still lost that fight from a critical hit, though.
    Blissey has 10 def but 135 sp. def
    I mean, honestly tbh
30hp/sec on a Pokémon with up to 714 is so damn slow
    I loved Gen 2 where the speed was related to the total damage instead of the remaining HP.  Y was rough to play when I'd annihilate a Pokemon and watch the HP move slowly down to zero because technically I only did 5 damage when I actually did 50.
        you dont know true pain until you have played through platinum with a sand team w/o repeals
            woah settle down there satan
        Can you explain again, I don’t get it
            The HP going down was always the same amount of time.  Let's say 5 seconds.  I know that's way longer than it actually was, but it makes my math easier.

So if you do 50 damage, then 50 HP over 5 seconds means the animation will show the target losing 10 HP per second.

But if you only do 5 damage, then 5 HP over 5 seconds will show the target losing 1 HP per second.  The HP bar will drop way slower.

In GSC, the animation would consider the whole 50 damage, even if the target only has 5 HP remaining.  So that means it will take 0.5 seconds to kill the target, and that fast animation helps it feel like you obliterated the enemy.

In XY, it only considered the HP remaining.  So with 5 HP left and I deal 50 damage, it still takes the full 5 seconds to drop the HP to 0, which makes it feel like you just barely killed them instead of destroying them like you actually did.
    It should be in percentage per second.
        yes but taking the total damage the move would do. so if a move massively overkills the health bar reduces faster.
    It made it rather suspenseful sometimes wondering if it would the pokemon would go down or not
At least you got past the league, I can't believe how hard this is, how did 13 year old me beat it, at 23 I'm sitting here grinding the hell out of the four just to be high enough to beat Cynthia
    I think younger players grind quite a bit more. I went back to play the originals on rom and I realized I was struggling then I went back to look at my old red version and realized I was level 80 in those when I reached the elite 4
        My first time beating a Pokemon game was Fire Red and I used *only* a lvl 100 blastoise to beat the e4. I don't even recall how I got it to that level.
            My Blastoise was level 98 at the time of completing the game, while the other Pokémon were like, in the mid 20s. I remember distinctly, Gary was down to his last Pokémon, Arcanine, while I had only my Blastoise left in the red with no pp left on any moves. Beating that SOB with struggle was the first and most exciting video game experience I ever had, and that’s why Pokémon is always going to have a special place in my heart, national dex or not
                That reminds me of how I beat Steven in Ruby with my Blaziken. Both his Crandily and my Blaziken were out of PP so we just kept struggling out way to victory.
        I saw an old save file of HeartGold and I was around the level 40 mark with all 16 badges done.
    What level are you mons? I just replayed through platinum and beat Cynthia a few days ago with no pokemon higher than 54
        Mine were around the 57-58 mark, and I only had five members.
            I did have a pretty optimized team so that probably explains why I could do it earlier. Sorry
        My Infernape is my highest at 55, my Garchomp isn still a Gabite and Weavile didn’t get EVs so I’m training it now as it’s supposed to be my Garchomp killer
    Diamond and Pearl, and to a lesser extent platinum, are some of the hardest Pokemon games I've played.
        I thought Platinum were generally agreed to be harder?
            It's been a while since I played diamond or pearl, but I remember a lot of bosses had higher level Pokemon.
                I recall that Cynthia had higher levels in D/P but a more balanced overall team in Platinum.
                    Yeah, I'm pretty sure she replaced gastrodon with togekiss. I remember that there was a more limited selection of Pokemon in DP, so I guess it depends on if you think that makes it more difficult.
                        Only 2 fire types, one of which is Infernape, the starter
    Typing>everything in the league, i beat it first time on platinum yesterday and had to read on each matchup to deal the most damage. I ended up using torterra and dialga i had leftover from diamond, and infernape which was my starter
    Me too with Pearl lol, except it was 8 year old me.

I did have a hacked Squirte that I rare-candied up to a Blastoise though back then, but I think I kept his level below my starter.
    Well I don’t know about you. But the only Pokémon I ever used was my starter. So empoleon was like in his 70s by the time I had to face Cynthia. On the off chance empoleon went down I had a starley that knew fly or something go in while I revived my empoleon. Did this with every game.
        That sounds like a boring way to play
            Well I was also a child with a thirst for power and an unreasonable attachment to my starter...
    Lol. I beat it today first try. 13 levels underleveled.

Lopunny+Sub+Agility+Baton Pass to Honchkrow+3 Nasty Plots+Dark Pulse=OHKO every guy except Lucario. 4/6 guys. Easy.
        It's like being a body builder and bragging about how easy it is to lift, in front of people going through physical therapy.
            That’s true! Very good point.
Doing level 100 Battle Factory in gen 4 is the sheer pain.
    Pain and joy
Platinum is the best non-remake in the series IMO. Even then, I only put HG/SS slightly above it because of the massive amount of content. Platinum holds up beautifully to this day.
    Out of curiosity, when did you play platinum? 

I always find people's favourite Pokemon game interesting. Since, to be honest, there isn't much of a difference between the first ~5 gens in quality in my opinion, at least for their respective release dates (as in, Ruby is just as impressive for 2002 as red was impressive for 96). Most of the time people's absolute favourite is either their first/second, or the one that brought them back. 

Like my partners favourite gen has always been gen III, since that's the one she played the shit out of. She never got gen I, and didn't play much of Gen II. Meanwhile, mine favourite is gen V, since that's what got me back into pokemon as an adult. I have a strong affection for gen I and II since I played the hell out of them as a kid, but gen V is peak Pokemon to me in terms of scope.
        I’d say GenIV and V have a significant difference in that Gen IV introduces the physical/special split of all attacking moves.
            This is why Gen 4 is bigger than 1 and 3 for me in replay. The split is crucial. I love Gen 2 despite that, simply because everything else is incredible. HGSS are the best in the franchise because it's the best game far and away, WITH the split added. Total perfection IMO. Trying to beat Red now with an extremely underleveled squad. Super tough but really fun.
                This. Ruby was my core childhood game, but I think Platinum was what I enjoyed the most overall. Simply a much better game with the physical/special split.
                They redid most of the game mechanics and tools in gen 4 like pokeradar and breeding and the way many moves worked, there were so many improvements it's zany
                [deleted]
                    What? Why? Without the switch stats were locked into type. Why have a physical water attacker if they could never use a STAB move in their typing? The split opens up design space and makes moves "grock". Remember how hitmonchan, the punching pokemon, couldn't even make good use of the elemental punches because they pulled from his SPAT? It made no sense to me as a kid and it'd make no sense now.
                    I feel like the split helped out a ton of Pokemon that had weird stat distribution for their type, such as absol.
                        Also helped Totodile's line as well as Hitmonchan, whose element punches were trash before it.
                        [deleted]
                            But the alternative is that one is becomes hardly usable at all
            Was that really not until Gen 4? I thought that was 3.
                Very sure it was in Gen 3 (Ruby & Sapphire versions)

I remember because I was very damned confused why special moves didn't do as much as psychical ones on my Combusken
                    [It was Gen IV. ](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Damage_category)
                        Ahh, I see. I was thinking about the stats for Attack/ Defense and Special Attack/Special Defense. 

It didn't actually hit him that moves didn't actually split into psychical and special based on what type of move it was in the first three Gens. Today I've learned something new
                    Are you thinking "physical/special split" means the initial distinction of physical and special moves? I thought it meant that.  Turns out it means certain types like Dark and Ice only had special moves and no physical moves.  That meant Sneasel, with it's high physical and low special attack, couldn't benefit from STAB moves.  The split added more diverse moves. Like Psycho Cut and Zen Headbutt as physical Psychic moves, and Aura Sphere as a special Fighting move.
                        Yes. It seems this was indeed the case. Gen 3 was a very long time ago for me
            I mean I don't think the vast majority of Pokemon players even notice it tbh
        Hey Gen V buddy. I stopped playing after Gen IV. But I just picked up Black a few days ago and I'm loving it!
            It's my jam. I hadn't played Pokemon in about ten years (I skipped gen III and IV when they released) and because my new girlfriend was into it, I decided to buy a 3DS and Black on a whim. I had so much fun in that game you have no idea. I later went back and played through gen III and IV to see what I missed, and while they didn't have the same feel as Black did to me, I loved them too.
                Play bw2, S tier Pokémon game
                    Yes! Such a good installation and doesn’t feel nearly as rehashed as USUM does
            I just picked up white 2 a couple days ago. It's awesome but not being able to get trade evolutions sucks...
                I know I want a Gigalith!
                    In white 2 there actually is an in game trade so that you can get one, but there's a bunch more that you can't get
                        Sweet thank you for the heads up
            So did i and i was perplexed, white 2 is literally pokemon peak, if i emerald nostalgia wasnt so strong for me, definitely my favorite.
        DPPlatinum had the best map and music. BW2 are on the same tier. Honestly Shofu’s tier list is the most accurate.
            As soon as he put Platinum on S, we knew that tier list was reliable af.
        Platinum is my favorite. Been playing since Blue
        First game was Gold. I still think II is an unrivaled masterpiece as far as game sequels go (the final boss is you from the previous game, like, come on) but I think IV is the best pokemon generation in terms of how it developed and expanded the mechanics of previous installments with the physical/special split being the piece  that really made battling work.
        Platinum is probably my fav of the bunch with only Emerald coming close. Soul Silver was also really good as Gen 2 was my fav gen when I was really young. Ranking the ones I played: Platinum > Emerald > Soul Silver > Fire Red > Silver/Crystal > Sun > Ruby/Saphire > Diamond/Pearl > Black/White > Y > Blue. Blue was my first game and while I loved it, it definitely shows its age the most. I never even completed it (only had 5 or 6 badges) until I was in my late teens because apparently I moved onto gen 2.   

Gen 2 was gen 1 with better sprites, better music, better lore, more colors, and less annoying restrictions. Gen 3 was it’s own thing and had probably the most solid refinement of the game’s base formula. Probably one if the reasons I liked it so much was that it felt like it’s own thing whereas gen 2 felt very connected to gen 1. And gen 4 was just beautiful all around. Very vertical environments with melodic music and deep lore. Not to mention that it was my fav in the anime as well as having an amazing Pokemon lineup to me (probably my fav of all the games). Gen 5 was a mixed bag for me. It had a compelling story but that’s about all I remember. Its pokemon were hit or miss and I just can’t recall much from those games which made me not get the sequels. The anime didn’t do itself any favors there either. I almost skipped out on gen 6 but got Y when I got a 3ds and it was alright. Pokemon were a step up from the precious gen imo, and mega evolutions were cool even if they were an obvious play on nostalgia. But man were the characters and the story a low point. Team Flare was super lame in the games and your friend characters were just annoying and unnecessary to me. The anime was just as good as the gen 4 anime though. Sun and moon had the most character imo and the story was actually nice. Not my fav in the Pokemon department but not bad either and the trials were an interesting but fun change. My main issue came from the lack of challenge in the game and the unskippable cutscenes that dragged on at times.
        gen 3 and 4 are my favorites,and I started with gen 1 when they were new. It's a relatively uncommon opinion.
        I started playing with Gold. Platinum is by far my favorite game in the series, followed by Emerald and BW.
        I've been playing since the games came out. Platinum is my all time favourite game. Honestly I love the music, I love the Pokémon, and I always thought it was beautiful. I liked the park (even though they were prejudiced against my "ugly" Pokémon xD), and I thought the underground was freaking amazing. Not even the base, I just loved the digging haha. I'm just sad that the game runs very slow. That's really the only reason I would want a remake. 

Also, my Chatot said fuck when it used chatter, so that was important. 

Oh and Turtwig stamps his little foot. I die every time.
            This is a genuine question; How much better is Platinum compared to D/P? and why is it better? I\`ve never played plat, but D/P are the only games in the series i\`ve never been able to get into. I don\`t know what it is, the world just seems very empty to me. Not in terms of the characters and the story, but in terms of things to do, I\`d really love to enjoy them, and if platinum is particularly different, I might just give it a try.
                Platinum has quite a lot of changes. I think it's worth playing and definitely better than d/p. I would play on an emulator if you can though due to how slow the trio of games run.  

This page lists the changes if you want to read them:

https://nintendoeverything.com/list-of-differences-between-pokemon-platinum-and-pokemon-diamondpearl/
                    Thanks for sharing that, i`m still not sold on it, but I`ll definitely give it a try soon then.
                        You're welcome :)
                Plat has a better starting Pokedex at the very least. Ponyta is no longer your only choice of fire type if you didn't choose Chimchar, and a bunch of the Gen 4 evolutions are included too.
        I have been around since Gen I and never really spent a significant amount of time away from Pokémon (never skipped a gen), and Gen V is my favorite by leaps and bounds. Better writing than ever before, a really cool region, it was the point they started merging more aspects of the real world location with the usual region design tropes which is now my favorite thing about Pokémon, QoL improvements, building on the gameplay improvements Gen IV brought without dealing with the slow as molasses engine, great music, and so on. So I really disagree with the notion that the favorite region is always the first.
        I've noticed that too but I've got an odd case where because my parents and older sister played Pokemon there hasn't really been a time in my life where I haven't been into Pokemon. For as long as I can remember I've played a Pokemon game at least once a year and I wonder how many other people have a similar situation.
        [deleted]
            HG and SS are gen IV as far as I recall, they came out before Black and White.
        My first was Diamond and i'd say that Moon was my favorite.
    I am very glad HG was my first pokemon game, as it’s my favorite so far. That being said, I feel like I haven’t enjoyed the recent games as much since I’ve already “peaked”
        Same. I just remember only using my starter and not being able to beat the elite four since I only had eruption and blast burn.
    Somewhat, Platinum is a remake of Diamond and Pearl
        I wouldn’t say that. If that’s the case, then Yellow is a remake of Red and Blue, Crystal is a remake of Gold and Silver, etc. I don’t count third versions as remakes because they use the same assets and are largely the same games with more content.
            I would agree. Third game is not a remake.

Leaf green/heart gold/alpha Sapphire are remakes
                The best way to look at the third games is similar to the way Kingdom Hearts has handled some of their games in that they release a definitive edition known as a final mix.
                    Pokemon: Re:Crystal 1.51 Final Region Prologue /2 Days Uncaptured *μ*
                        Electric Boogaloo
                    "Definitive edition" is the term I would use for the third versions.
                    I mean final mix is a compilation of ground up remakes in a modified engine because they lost the original assets and the remakes run at 60fps, so not the best comparison
                        The OG PS2 Final Mixes used the original engines. They were released on the same console as the original games, but were typically Japan-exclusive. However, Square Enix translated and ported the Final Mixes to the PS3 and PS4. The original asset loss applied to the original Kingdom Hearts Final Mix when it was ported.
                Okay so are we counting B2/W2 as remakes? Cause personally I wouldn't and although Gen 4 is my favourite gen by a landslide, I have to admit that B2W2 were better games.
                    B2/W2 aren’t remakes, but they’re also not the usual “third edition” because they have a completely different story that makes it very clear that it’s happening after the events of B/W. I think they’re the only direct sequels in the series, but I could be wrong.
                        I think you could count Gen 2 as direct sequels of Gen 1 as the events of Johto and Kanto happen because of the events in Gen 1, (Giovanni stepping down from TR, Lance becoming Champion, Blue becoming Gym Leader and Red on Mt Silver)
                    I would agree with/u/postalraccoon and /u/teahurei that b2/w2 are sequels and not remakes or third games.

They are different from silver/gold in my opinion but closer to each other than anything else. They were like sequels but didn't really continue the storyline as much as revisited the same landmarks.

I honestly would love to see a return to BW/BW2 features with modern QOL improvements, but the list of things I'd wish for is long and my disappointment is great so I'll stop while I'm behind
                    Was Spider-Man: Far From Home a remake of Spider-Man: Homecoming? 

No lmao they’re clearly sequels dude. Black 2, White 2. It’s obvious.
            I kind of describe them as directors cuts to people who don’t know about Pokémon
                That’s a great way of putting it.
        Nope, 100% wrong
        Totally not a remake.
    In my opinion Emerald and BW are better
    [deleted]
        That’s fair. But most people, myself included, hold the game in very high esteem.
    Maybe you are just feeling some nostalgia. My main active Pokémon years were during Gen 3 and 4, so I feel a great amount of nostalgia towards them, but Black and White, especially their sequels, were just better in so many ways that they are basically objectively better.

The battles didn’t take a million years, sprites were animated, triple battles, a plot that was even slightly decent (replayed Platinum recently, the plot is basically nonexistent), nice visuals, many quality of life improvements such as the ability to reuse TMs and register multiple items to Y
    ***UNPOPULAR OPINION***: Gen 5 was better than gen 4. I loved gen 4, it was fucking amazing, and it's my second favorite. But gen 5 is slightly better imo.
    I'd say platinum is the best if you count BW2 as a remake.
Saving a lot of Data. Please wait.
    Moved a pokemon from your PC?

Saving ***a lot*** of data, please wait...
Yeah but that sweet sweet exp boost is so worth the extra time it takes for the hp to go down, plus Platinum expanded on Cyrus and his drive to see a new world, the dude literally stays with Giratina in the distortion world because he can't stand the world the way it is, and it had that dope gen 4 music which basically rivals gen 2 for best pokemon sound track.
    He stays with Giratina? I'm sorry, but what Giratina? We fucking caught him, didn't we? Cyrus is all alone in there...

...does he even have anything to eat? I vaguely remember there being trees in there, I wonder if they have fruit.
        In game canon you dont ever catch the legends.
            BW, B2W2, ORAS, SM and USUM.
                Im pretty sure those games are all in the remake canon which is a seperate universe from gen 1-4, in the multi-verse canon BW-USUM do indeed have the protagonist catch one of the legends.
                    There are 3 universes of games we've played.

The original: RBY/GSC

The "non-mega":RSE&FRLG/DPPt&HGSS/BW&BW2

The "mega":XY&ORAS/SM&USUM/LGPE

Where S&S falls is kinda weird. Does mega evolution exist in that world,but we just can't use it,or is it just outright nonexistent?
                        Is Let's Go really supposed to be the same timeline as SM? I think it's probably yet another separate one. For example, Blue does mention in SM that he and Red were both champions, but that doesn't happen in LGPE. The drastically different gameplay system and break in trade compatibility might suggest a different universe too.
                            I was mostly going on the fact that LGPE has megas.

Also, Red and Blue could still have been champions in that timeline, just earlier or later than the LGPE trainers
                    From what's said in ORAS, technically every game is its own universe, right? So it's canon that I caught Giratina in my game, but not canon for another person who knocked it out instead.
                        Canon is the idea of picking one or a few timelines and deciding they are the story how it is meant to happen. If all timelines are canon the whole concept of canon breaks down
                    I'm honestly surprised there's such a thing as a canon in these games.
            Cynthia literally congratulates you after you catch it
        Ehhh I'm sure Cyrus is fine, he seems like the kind of level-headed guy who wouldn't make a snap decision like that if he didn't know what he was doing.
    I put an exp share on a salamence I'm training up
It got 4861 exp
    Absolutely no soundtrack tops Gen V. You can pick any single track at random and it will always be fantastic
Infernape is hands down the best fire/fighting starter.
    It's a hard decision for me to make between blaziken and infernape. On one hand, you have blaziken beating charizard in the johto league...then we have infernape going super saiyan in the sinnoh league.
        Lol im replaying pearl and my infernape is nicknamed Goku because they are both based of the same historical figure
            Mythical, not historical.
                My bad your absolutely right.
    Nah, in order it goes

CharWing-Chun

Taekwondosion

Incinewrestloar

Infernape

Emboar

Blaziken

Delbox

&#x200B;

Seriously, Delbox sucks though. What kind of fighting pokemon holds a wand?

&#x200B;

Kravmagarabbit looks like it'll be pretty good though.
        Delphox was so disappointing.... great name, fun typing, and then they give us a purple christmas tree with a stick.
        Delphox is a magician. They don't usually wield swords in combat.
            r/whoosh
*Blissey used Soft Boiled*
Sinnoh was so painful to play
    Diamond and pearl are painfully slow. Platinum fixed a lot of the issues making it the only way to play through sinnoh, only reason this was so slow was because blissy has a ton of HP.
         Platinum improved them, but I still consider it one of the worst games.
            THIS GUY DIDN'T HAVE FRIENDS TO GO TO THE UNDERGROUND WITH!!!!!!
                1 good feature doesn't save an otherwise... "underwhelming" experience.
                    I'm just messing, but I did really consider it a great improvement/sequel to the gen 3 secret bases. I never met 40 players for spiritomb however.
            I respect your opinion, but you're wrong.
                Is it really that unpopular of an opinion to hate Gen 4?
                    Maybe? There are no bad gens in my opinion besides 6, Platinum has a great trio of starters with cool types and usage (fire/fighting wasn't a sore issue back then) in addition to a diverse pokedex (in platinum) the region has some of the most diverse climates, (swamp, snow, beach, mountan, tropics). All of the towns are humble and nice, and all of the gym leaders are fleshed out and interesting, further even cooler than you can mix up what third or fourth gym you do. And this game has legitimate post game, the entire battle area and a sub plot with booker and team plasma. Not to mention Sinnoh was the last game that had amazing legendaries across the board, gen 5 gets a pass because of unique typing.
                        I don't have interest in arguing any of the other points (not because I think you're wrong, I just don't think we'd see eye to eye) but I do have to wonder how you can say that about Gen 4's legendaries.  The sheer number of them devalues them as legendaries IMO.  Beyond that, I think the Lake trio and Manaphy are bland and unnecessary.  Heatran is cool, but I don't understand why it's a legendary.
                            I'm mostly talking the mascots, darkrai, crescelia, regigigas. I like the lake trio more than the sword trio and weather genies.
                    It is on /r/pokemon, its pretty popular outside /r/pokemon though.
                I respect your opinion, but my experiences say otherwise
                    Your experiences are wrong as well
            I CANT play diamond and pearl it Physicly hurst playinv those games
                Maybe take the ladybugs out before you begin playing?
                    owo but they crawl senpai +w±
    Why? Best gen
        I would say worst aside from hgss
            Lol. Okay. Explain
                Slow gameplay, boring story and characters, an annoying and uninspiring rival, an awkwardly spread out map that repeatedly crosses over itself, way too many caves, way too many HMs, over-designed cover legends, a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly, most of the better designs weren't available until postgame. 


The only upsides I can think of are a few side features and Cynthia, which doesn't nearly make up for all the bad things. Sinnoh and alola are the only regions I feel had more bad than good in their games.
                    Slow gameplay? Sped up a lot in Platinum.
Story was way better than anything post gen 5 and actually had Cyrus Who was a difficult boss.
Characters weren’t awful. Rather have characters who are just there than the horrendous anime cliche characters in gen 6/7.
Awkwardly spread out map that crosses over itself? Do you need Rotom Dex to hold your hand and put a flag everywhere you need to go? 
Way too many caves? Are you IGN now? “Too much water”
Way too many HMs I can agree with but I think we’re all used to not having them anymore.
Cover legends is a personal gripe of yours. That’s on you.
The dex was fine. Another personal thing of yours.

Goods-Great Pokémon. All starters are awesome and all valid. Staraptor is the best starter bird and Luxray is a solid route 2 electric type. So many good pokes early game. So many badass teams can be built.

Underground-if you actually had people to play with you could spent hours down here. 

Battle frontier was one of the best so far. After gen 4 I don’t think they had any game get near as good as that one.

That whole new area post e4 was amazing. Strong Pokémon. Heatran encounter! Battle other gym leaders. The mansion that you can customize with the level 100 magikarp in the pond!

Swarm Pokémon. New Pokémon post national dex. 
Inserting RSE/LGFR to get different Pokémon.
Transferring Pokémon.

Unown ruins.

Megas before Megas.

If you played during the time it was relevant, the events were awesome! Darkrai and Shaymin has whole events dedicated to them. Whole areas.

Cresselia event too!

Wandering Gen 1 birds.

Togepi from Cynthia.

Jasmine in Sunyshore hinting at Gen 2 remakes.

Soooooo many daily events it was insane. Pokémon mansion maids. Berries. Poffins. Contests. Amityvle (can’t spell it for life of me)
Where you could walk your Pokémon.

NOT TO MENTION THE PHYSICAL/SPECIAL SPLIT.

Soooooooo many more things I can’t even write them all.



That game had so much content packed into one amazing game.

To say it’s the worst is literally ignorance.

I’m all for opinions but yours is wrong here.
                        Still slow, just being faster than diamond/pearl isn't anything to be proud of. The story was about on par with gens 1-3 and 6, worse than gens 5 and 7. Cyrus wasn't difficult, and characters so bland and forgettable are pretty bad. Gens 1-3, 5, and 6 all managed better maps that didn't seem so erratically organized and without any overbearing guides. Caves are way too plentiful, having the same inescapable dull brown covering so much of the game with the same handful of pokemon really helped set the already boring tone of sinnoh. And it's HMs have bothered me since release, you shouldn't be practically forced to use an HM slave.


You say the pokemon are a personal thing, so why are you pushing your opinion on it as if it's more valid?


Underground- one of the only real positives of sinnoh.

This one's a personal thing, but I really couldn't care less about the battle frontier.

The post game story was ok but not really that interesting compared to the games after it, especially considering what a chore getting there was in the first place. The mansion was cool though.

The unown ruins were... there? They were kind of just watered down versions of the johto ruins.

There was nothing similar to megas. If you're referring to the past gen evolutions, limiting most of the better pokemon in the dex behind the postgame and obscure evolution requirements isn't something I appreciate. I'm glad some of the pokemon exist now, but I got almost nothing out of them in dppt, and they can still be annoying to evolve.

I didn't get to do the events, but I've seen them. I've never really liked event-only pokemon (still think it's stupid). Some of the events are interesting, but they should just be an unlockable part of the game like the delta episode. On top of that, sinnoh's overabundance of mythical and legendary pokemon kind of made them feel less legendary.

Some minor features and a technical upgrade like (almost) every gen has.

Look, it's fine if you like the game. Personally, it was the single least enjoyable time I've had playing a pokemon game. If you disagree, cool. But it isn't going to suddenly make me like all the things that I, and many others, hate about sinnoh.
                            Did you just praise Gen 7’s story?
                                Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
                                Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
                                    I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
                        I find starly line to be the most boring starter bird tied with pidgey, and i dont like shinx line at all either, its always subjective with pokemon (except garbodor)
                    > a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly 

Nice priorities, dude. Nice priorities.
    I tried to play Pokémon Platinum because I heard it was on par with Gen 5 but honestly the slow gameplay alone just really put me off from playing it. I know it gets interesting later on but it's just so painful for the first half of the game I played I decided I'd just play Pokémon White instead.
        Try renegade platinum, keeps the core story and you can experience sinnoh but way more sped up and streamlined gameplay.
        Honestly give it a try with an emulator with toggleable turbo, much more bearable, and the game is worth it
    but it was WORTH IT
        I don't think so at all
    Even though platinum was better I can still never go back to it. Only gen 4 game worth playing is hg/ss
        Agreed
    [deleted]
        You wouldn't catch me dead playing pearl, but I'll play platinum till the end of time.
            [deleted]
                Have you tried eBay I see them for not much on there GameStop over priced there pokemon games though and so do many other game stores
                    Gotta be careful they aren’t fake on eBay though. Not sure is GameStop checks their trade ins for fakes but at least you can see it in person
                        Buy from a reputable seller you should be good plus eBay money back guarantee
                        My used platinum at gamestop worked fine.
                            Mine does too. I believe GameStop as a retail store would at least try to not sell fakes but since I didn’t know I thought I’d mention it
                    [deleted]
                        My GameStop and local game shops sell them for about 50 without the case eBay is cheaper than 40 without the case
                That's the truth. I had to replace mine as it got lost in a move and it cost me more than X and Y did. They had just come out as well...
                My brother found Platinum on a flea market for 2 dollars.
                    [deleted]
                        Keep looking. I think there are many people who are unaware how much these games are actually worth. I have also gotten some good N64/GC games for amazing prices from going to flea markets -- try it out.
                My advice is to get a ds emulator on your phone, and download a rom for it. I have been using DraStic for my Android, it costs a few bucks (5-6 Aussie, can’t remember), but you can get it straight from the play store, and it is definitely worth it. Just google DS emulator for you phone, and there will be both free and paid ones.
        The only reason I want to get pearl is to find a Glameow in the wild and transfer it to newer gens.
        How are you being downvoted for an opinion lmao
            I frequently see people on this sub saying that the Gen 4 games were the ones they grew up with.  Can't imagine people would be so sensitive about it otherwise.

I think that they're genuinely awful games in terms of the single player experience, but I love many of the Pokemon and gameplay updates.
                I mean that’s all well and good, and they have reason to love that gen, but there’s no reason to downvote someone for not having the same opinion as you. Bunch of children. Downvoting is for people that are rude and/or don’t contribute to the convo
                    I agree.  Wasn't trying to justify it, just offering an explanation for why people are taking it so personally and downvoting in response.
                        Yeah I know, it’s just hilarious that “I did this when I was younger” somehow makes kids take it personally.
    Gen 4 is my favorite. But before Platinum, battles were slow, saving took *forever*, and the number of HMs you needed to navigate Sinnoh was ridiculous.
Unpopular opinion 

I actually liked how slow it went sometimes, made me on edge to see if it would kill (even though I was positive that it would)
    Ditto especially for moments where you have enough HP for one more turn, and it is you last pokemon.

Though, I really still think it needs to be faster in general. I remember BW being really really fast.
    The tension was unbearable sometimes. I loved it.
Man Blissey is such a tank. I always hated fighting it!
That’s why Barry is so impatient, the game is so damn slow. 


Honestly, if it was possible to play this game at 1.5x - 2x speed it would be perfect.
    Playing this game on an emulator with fast forward makes it hard to go back to my DS. I still love the shit out of diamond and pearl but I believe an emulator is the only way to make them fast enough to be playable.
ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA!!!
    I was thinking more like "*omae wa mou shindeiru*."
Platinum and SoulSilver are fun games. I like to do both as a level trainer (because SoulSilver is basically two games in one) and then transfer those Pokémon to Pokémon X.

My ultimate plan for the last few gens is to build my ultimate team over the years and use them during the Elite Four while using regional Pokémon for the badges/trials, but I guess I won’t be doing that this time around.
Did you ever play Pokemon LGP/LGE?
The battles in this game take like ages. I grow a beard everytime I fight a trainer.
    It’s not even remotely close to as slow as Platinum
        It wasn't that slow in platinum. I hated battling trainers in lgp and lge. I guess I had to battle more trainers in platinum though because gen 4 barely gave any exp.
    turn off animations 

this is why I don’t get the uproar over animations. do you guys know how long it takes to watch Pokémon stadium-style animations for every move in ever trainer battle across a full length Pokémon game...?
        I think the uproar is that they said that good animations were a big reason why they removed Pokemon but they suck anyway. I turn off animations sometimes too but I think it's cool to at least have them on in the big fights like the champion.
        Its not about the animations (at all)
It‘s about clicking on „Fight“, then the menu disappears. 1 second later all my attacks appear. Menu disappears again, Then the attacks take like 20-30 seconds at all. 
Look at Gen 1-3 games.
Its all fast and gets slower with each pokemon game.
The health bar moves so slowly
    [deleted]
        ?
            Sorry, reminded me of a line from some song, and parodies the line.
                Ok lol
Hey man you cant complain. She has 15000 hp you cant expect it to be much faster
Gen 4 was my first. I thought this was the norm lol
    As someone whose first was Platinum, I was surprised when I bought FireRed. I thought Platinum was so much slower because of the heavy animations and stuff. And also, I thought that the slowness gave it more of a feel of refinement and epicness, even though the faster FireRed felt more engaging if that makes any sense.
There's a reason my fondest memories don't come from battles.
Platinum and ss/hg best games. DS was stacked.
harder, better, ~~faster~~, stronger
>Foe Blissey used Soft-Boiled!
Victory road? Yeah every time that blissey would die to a brave bird but it was always so tense
Yeah, gen 4 is fun
I'm so used to emulators now that i play at 4x speed, so now whenever i pick up my ds it hurts me to play
YOU MONSTER!!! YOU USED YOUR FILTHY FINGERS!!!! YOUR SUPPOSED TO USE THE STYLUS!!!!! (this is all just a joke, but seriously though who wants fingerprints on their screen?)
    >who wants fingerprints on their screen?

Ah 2007 times, when that was an argument against the ‚massive‘ screen you would touch with your filthy fingers on the first iPhone.
Pokemon Platinum is my all time favorite.
[deleted]
    I beat Cynthia in diamond today first try through e4. I held my breath way too many times as the HP bar went down
Can someone give me the TL;DW cliffnotes?
    Blissey's HP is stupid high, Gen 4 health drop rate is stupid slow.
Best feeling
this is one of the reasons i use an emulator
I remember how long that used to take
If there’s one major issue with Gen IV, it’s the glacially slow battle animations.
Platinum is either my 3rd or 4th favorite game.
The suspense was unbearable
That's a lot of damage
You’re telling me. I made the mistake of using a blissey in my playtheough, loved her to death but man by the end of the game it was seriously wearing me down
I've been in the battle frontier with my garchomp for a while 😂
But I miss it though. I loved those days, my neighbors and I screaming at each other to see if it'd feint.
I just found my old DSI and I got Pokémon Diamond from 2007 so yeah it’s honestly better than a lot of shooter games I play.
Dude that was the best part. Seeing that hp bar just slowly go down, You already know you killed it but to see it suffer was the best.
Literally one of the only bad things about it
Ah good times
If they ever remake my favorite gen (gen 4) they will have a lot of things to fix.
    Many fixes are already included in Platinum
infernape is my first and favorite Pokemon and I used this attack to beat the elite 4 several times, it one shots almost any Pokemon.
As someone who has diamond, I agree on the help part
Pokemon Platinum was pretty fun. Beat the campaign a month ago. Still trying to tour around. Been playing HG/SS too.
Nice I'm currently doing a mono ground playthrough with Torterra, Hippowdon, Gliscor, Gastrodon and Garchomp.
wait am confused
Diamond and pearl are even worse, sometimes it takes a full 2 seconds for a Pokemon to come out of their poke balls
Ohhhhhh okay after I posted I realized that’s probably what it was
i hope gamefreak adds this into the gen 4 remakes to make ‘em more authentic /s
F
This is like when you input certain cheats in ROM/emulator games. Every time an attack lands that is super-effective, the health bar drops so slowly.
Pokémon Platinum was the fist main series game I owned. Still my favorite.
this actually brought a lot of tension for me as a kid. I was always hoping I would get a KO as it slowly chugged through the red zone.
I played yellow on the 3ds and against Cassandra alakazam to alakazam and she would use recover every time I attacked. so annoying!
    I don't know who Cassandra is, but Gen 1 AI always uses super-effective move types no matter what. Use this to your advantage. For example, you can take down Lance's Dragonite with a Lv. 2 Weedle because it will always use Barrier (Psychic-move).
        Sorry, Sabrina. I always mix the names up because my cousin's names are Cassandra and Sabrina. Whoops
You got this idea from SomeCallMeJohnny, didn't you?
    Naw this is common knowledge among the fandom.
        Reason I ask is because I never noticed this until SCMJ released his Platinum video like two days ago. Just seems ironic.
Still remember one of my first videos on YouTube being someone oneshotting a maxed-out Blissey with Adaptability Choice Specs Porygon Z Hyper Beam, then watched as the health bar depleted for a solid minute.
Unpopular opinion:

I like the mechanic of draining a set amount of hp/s instead of %hp/s. Makes huge attacks like this feel more rewarding to see just how much damage you did, instead of it just falling right away and feeling like every other hit in the game.
Platinum may be my favorite video game of all time but that certainly doesn’t mean i don’t recognize its faults.
list of reasons I hate gen 4:
Probably silly to try, but, Black Belt, Expert Belt, or Fist Plate might helpful for taking down Blissey.
witchcraft, I call witchcraft
10 days waiting for the health bar to go down?
Just level up a bit it should help
I absolutely love platinum, favorite game in the entire series by a mile. However it can be super painful to play at times. My biggest peeves are definitely how slow battles are, and the need for HM's. Need rock smash, cut, strength, surf, waterfall, and rock climb. Fly is optional but pretty useful. That's 7 fucking hms. Makes building a proper team annoying.

Thankfully imo the positives out weigh these negatives.
Since I accidentally threw away my exp.share while leveling up blissy with her “fling”, Platinum has become a beautiful place where I don’t want to return...
Heaven forbid you start heartgold or soulsilver.
Honestly, I love this feeling. It's like taking a really satisfying dump.
imagine having way too much hp but have only 10 physical defense
The new Sword and Shield animations are looking pretty smooth
That aside, that's some high quality animation there.
He really taught his infernape strength
I remember this vividly... Good times xD
Its so sad cause i really want to get into these games but they are just waaaaay to slow
That health bar took 1 whole year to completely move to zero. But hey at least Platinum’s awesome and all
You guys hate it but it made gen 5 nuzlockes more tense for me seeing your mon take a big attack and seeing the bar slowly move down not knowing if they'll live only for them to live with 1 hp, was always amazing
Platinum is The best pokemon game
Dam, those graphics are lame.
    **Disagreement noises**
Feels like I'm speaking! Just caught Shiny Dialga in this new game that I started. Too bad it might not be able to make it to gen8
At least it's not Diamond/Pearl (they're even slower)
man, i forgot how slow the animations were in dppt. thats what i loved about it, it made the game more suspenseful than it should be
I love the D/P/Pt trainer theme when the random drums kick in and make it really dramatic for almost no reason
It sucked me in good too man
Where can you find it?
You’re sure as hell right it’s fun
Gen 4 was (IMO) the best gen. 5 was also good, I liked 5 too and still class it with when (IMO) the games were still good.
Platinum is my favourite :)
I wish I could find my Platinum cartridge.
And that's one of many reasons I love Gen V.
I remember playing through diamond and pearl and then getting platinum.
I think this was nice for the battle tension, like if you did beat it or not. But I dont miss this at all. Good they fixed it.
But you play the game anyway because let’s be real Platinum is the best game in the series!
Actually,it's been 11 days. You passed out midway through the 8th day.
Yeah, it's too slow. And we are unlikely to get a full remake even though it is really the only main series game left that needs one IMO. I think our best hop is if they do the Let's Go series out of order since ORAS was relatively recent.
Not gonna lie they had us in the first half
    [removed]
        Well to be honest I didn’t check the rest of the comments
Sinnoh gang
Still more fun then sun & moon imo. Too much story in that game for me, and I can't skip it. (Stopped like halfway)
Althought the game is 2D, it has better graphics than SwSh
    OlDeR gEnErAtIoN gOoD SwSh bAd.
On a side note...

How did I not realize that close combat is a mother frickin JoJo's reference.
    Wait what
    Listen I love JoJo, it’s definitely one of, *if not* my most favorite anime/manga series. 


***but not everything is a fucking jojo reference***
        Yeah, but that's the joke isn't it? That everything can be a JoJo's reference if something happens to seem vaguely JoJo esc?
🤔
close wombat!
I broke my 3ds
I don’t get the joke, what has been 10 days? Can someone plz explain this to me
    He’s saying that it took forever for the health bar to go down
When did I swap to the Facebook app?
This is why I hate gen 4 I will never understand the huge love everyone has for it
    If your biggest issue with gen 4 is slow HP bars then that’s why you don’t understand why people love it
        Ya it's only the hp bars that are slow
            Wow. And there are people that think that complaining about SW/SH is nitpicking.
                Yeah because the national dex bad graphics etc is comparable to extremely slow everything lmao yall sinnoh lovers are beyond stupid
                    I prefer Johto, thank you very much. And the only thing that's slow it's the health bars. 4th/5th gen were the apex of Pokemon.
                        "The only thing that's slow is the health bars" that's just a flat out lie
                        Also I only hate the generation but I still had fun and played it but it's your behavior and attempt at arguing that convinced me yall who love the game are dumb af I mean you just flat out lied about the game in an attempt to defend it 😂 talkings slow, walkings slow, bikings slow, battlings slow, cut scenes slow, pacings slow, everything is slow cut the crap
I built a defensive doubles team around her in Gen V. I'd send Shuckle out with her and use Guard Swap. She could tank Close Combats like a champ.
    I imagine this didn’t work out for you very well a lot of the time as a lead? I run fake out or taunt on most of my leads for guys like you lol
        Yeah, it wasn't the most successful team. Taunt shut it down, and my win condition was stalling out with Toxic, so Steel-types shut it down hard, too. But it was fun when it worked. For me, at least.
            And that’s all that matters
            Don't let your memes be dremes.
    That’s evil. 

I’m gonna make a doubles-focused romhack and have an elite four member use this, just because I’m this inspired
        Hey, it might offer a challenge unlike the core games since gen 6.
            Ultra Necrozma.
    You monster.
    This is the most evil thing I've ever seen
    But could it tank +6 Close Combat? I remember a combo specifically in Gen5 that had Beat Up + Terrakion to give the latter a +6 boost.
        Yup. Played against that combo once and she held her ground. Each Close Combat took about half her HP, but she kept healing it back.

I think I still lost that fight from a critical hit, though.
Blissey has 10 def but 135 sp. def
I mean, honestly tbh
I loved Gen 2 where the speed was related to the total damage instead of the remaining HP.  Y was rough to play when I'd annihilate a Pokemon and watch the HP move slowly down to zero because technically I only did 5 damage when I actually did 50.
    you dont know true pain until you have played through platinum with a sand team w/o repeals
        woah settle down there satan
    Can you explain again, I don’t get it
        The HP going down was always the same amount of time.  Let's say 5 seconds.  I know that's way longer than it actually was, but it makes my math easier.

So if you do 50 damage, then 50 HP over 5 seconds means the animation will show the target losing 10 HP per second.

But if you only do 5 damage, then 5 HP over 5 seconds will show the target losing 1 HP per second.  The HP bar will drop way slower.

In GSC, the animation would consider the whole 50 damage, even if the target only has 5 HP remaining.  So that means it will take 0.5 seconds to kill the target, and that fast animation helps it feel like you obliterated the enemy.

In XY, it only considered the HP remaining.  So with 5 HP left and I deal 50 damage, it still takes the full 5 seconds to drop the HP to 0, which makes it feel like you just barely killed them instead of destroying them like you actually did.
It should be in percentage per second.
    yes but taking the total damage the move would do. so if a move massively overkills the health bar reduces faster.
It made it rather suspenseful sometimes wondering if it would the pokemon would go down or not
I think younger players grind quite a bit more. I went back to play the originals on rom and I realized I was struggling then I went back to look at my old red version and realized I was level 80 in those when I reached the elite 4
    My first time beating a Pokemon game was Fire Red and I used *only* a lvl 100 blastoise to beat the e4. I don't even recall how I got it to that level.
        My Blastoise was level 98 at the time of completing the game, while the other Pokémon were like, in the mid 20s. I remember distinctly, Gary was down to his last Pokémon, Arcanine, while I had only my Blastoise left in the red with no pp left on any moves. Beating that SOB with struggle was the first and most exciting video game experience I ever had, and that’s why Pokémon is always going to have a special place in my heart, national dex or not
            That reminds me of how I beat Steven in Ruby with my Blaziken. Both his Crandily and my Blaziken were out of PP so we just kept struggling out way to victory.
    I saw an old save file of HeartGold and I was around the level 40 mark with all 16 badges done.
What level are you mons? I just replayed through platinum and beat Cynthia a few days ago with no pokemon higher than 54
    Mine were around the 57-58 mark, and I only had five members.
        I did have a pretty optimized team so that probably explains why I could do it earlier. Sorry
    My Infernape is my highest at 55, my Garchomp isn still a Gabite and Weavile didn’t get EVs so I’m training it now as it’s supposed to be my Garchomp killer
Diamond and Pearl, and to a lesser extent platinum, are some of the hardest Pokemon games I've played.
    I thought Platinum were generally agreed to be harder?
        It's been a while since I played diamond or pearl, but I remember a lot of bosses had higher level Pokemon.
            I recall that Cynthia had higher levels in D/P but a more balanced overall team in Platinum.
                Yeah, I'm pretty sure she replaced gastrodon with togekiss. I remember that there was a more limited selection of Pokemon in DP, so I guess it depends on if you think that makes it more difficult.
                    Only 2 fire types, one of which is Infernape, the starter
Typing>everything in the league, i beat it first time on platinum yesterday and had to read on each matchup to deal the most damage. I ended up using torterra and dialga i had leftover from diamond, and infernape which was my starter
Me too with Pearl lol, except it was 8 year old me.

I did have a hacked Squirte that I rare-candied up to a Blastoise though back then, but I think I kept his level below my starter.
Well I don’t know about you. But the only Pokémon I ever used was my starter. So empoleon was like in his 70s by the time I had to face Cynthia. On the off chance empoleon went down I had a starley that knew fly or something go in while I revived my empoleon. Did this with every game.
    That sounds like a boring way to play
        Well I was also a child with a thirst for power and an unreasonable attachment to my starter...
Lol. I beat it today first try. 13 levels underleveled.

Lopunny+Sub+Agility+Baton Pass to Honchkrow+3 Nasty Plots+Dark Pulse=OHKO every guy except Lucario. 4/6 guys. Easy.
    It's like being a body builder and bragging about how easy it is to lift, in front of people going through physical therapy.
        That’s true! Very good point.
Pain and joy
Out of curiosity, when did you play platinum? 

I always find people's favourite Pokemon game interesting. Since, to be honest, there isn't much of a difference between the first ~5 gens in quality in my opinion, at least for their respective release dates (as in, Ruby is just as impressive for 2002 as red was impressive for 96). Most of the time people's absolute favourite is either their first/second, or the one that brought them back. 

Like my partners favourite gen has always been gen III, since that's the one she played the shit out of. She never got gen I, and didn't play much of Gen II. Meanwhile, mine favourite is gen V, since that's what got me back into pokemon as an adult. I have a strong affection for gen I and II since I played the hell out of them as a kid, but gen V is peak Pokemon to me in terms of scope.
    I’d say GenIV and V have a significant difference in that Gen IV introduces the physical/special split of all attacking moves.
        This is why Gen 4 is bigger than 1 and 3 for me in replay. The split is crucial. I love Gen 2 despite that, simply because everything else is incredible. HGSS are the best in the franchise because it's the best game far and away, WITH the split added. Total perfection IMO. Trying to beat Red now with an extremely underleveled squad. Super tough but really fun.
            This. Ruby was my core childhood game, but I think Platinum was what I enjoyed the most overall. Simply a much better game with the physical/special split.
            They redid most of the game mechanics and tools in gen 4 like pokeradar and breeding and the way many moves worked, there were so many improvements it's zany
            [deleted]
                What? Why? Without the switch stats were locked into type. Why have a physical water attacker if they could never use a STAB move in their typing? The split opens up design space and makes moves "grock". Remember how hitmonchan, the punching pokemon, couldn't even make good use of the elemental punches because they pulled from his SPAT? It made no sense to me as a kid and it'd make no sense now.
                I feel like the split helped out a ton of Pokemon that had weird stat distribution for their type, such as absol.
                    Also helped Totodile's line as well as Hitmonchan, whose element punches were trash before it.
                    [deleted]
                        But the alternative is that one is becomes hardly usable at all
        Was that really not until Gen 4? I thought that was 3.
            Very sure it was in Gen 3 (Ruby & Sapphire versions)

I remember because I was very damned confused why special moves didn't do as much as psychical ones on my Combusken
                [It was Gen IV. ](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Damage_category)
                    Ahh, I see. I was thinking about the stats for Attack/ Defense and Special Attack/Special Defense. 

It didn't actually hit him that moves didn't actually split into psychical and special based on what type of move it was in the first three Gens. Today I've learned something new
                Are you thinking "physical/special split" means the initial distinction of physical and special moves? I thought it meant that.  Turns out it means certain types like Dark and Ice only had special moves and no physical moves.  That meant Sneasel, with it's high physical and low special attack, couldn't benefit from STAB moves.  The split added more diverse moves. Like Psycho Cut and Zen Headbutt as physical Psychic moves, and Aura Sphere as a special Fighting move.
                    Yes. It seems this was indeed the case. Gen 3 was a very long time ago for me
        I mean I don't think the vast majority of Pokemon players even notice it tbh
    Hey Gen V buddy. I stopped playing after Gen IV. But I just picked up Black a few days ago and I'm loving it!
        It's my jam. I hadn't played Pokemon in about ten years (I skipped gen III and IV when they released) and because my new girlfriend was into it, I decided to buy a 3DS and Black on a whim. I had so much fun in that game you have no idea. I later went back and played through gen III and IV to see what I missed, and while they didn't have the same feel as Black did to me, I loved them too.
            Play bw2, S tier Pokémon game
                Yes! Such a good installation and doesn’t feel nearly as rehashed as USUM does
        I just picked up white 2 a couple days ago. It's awesome but not being able to get trade evolutions sucks...
            I know I want a Gigalith!
                In white 2 there actually is an in game trade so that you can get one, but there's a bunch more that you can't get
                    Sweet thank you for the heads up
        So did i and i was perplexed, white 2 is literally pokemon peak, if i emerald nostalgia wasnt so strong for me, definitely my favorite.
    DPPlatinum had the best map and music. BW2 are on the same tier. Honestly Shofu’s tier list is the most accurate.
        As soon as he put Platinum on S, we knew that tier list was reliable af.
    Platinum is my favorite. Been playing since Blue
    First game was Gold. I still think II is an unrivaled masterpiece as far as game sequels go (the final boss is you from the previous game, like, come on) but I think IV is the best pokemon generation in terms of how it developed and expanded the mechanics of previous installments with the physical/special split being the piece  that really made battling work.
    Platinum is probably my fav of the bunch with only Emerald coming close. Soul Silver was also really good as Gen 2 was my fav gen when I was really young. Ranking the ones I played: Platinum > Emerald > Soul Silver > Fire Red > Silver/Crystal > Sun > Ruby/Saphire > Diamond/Pearl > Black/White > Y > Blue. Blue was my first game and while I loved it, it definitely shows its age the most. I never even completed it (only had 5 or 6 badges) until I was in my late teens because apparently I moved onto gen 2.   

Gen 2 was gen 1 with better sprites, better music, better lore, more colors, and less annoying restrictions. Gen 3 was it’s own thing and had probably the most solid refinement of the game’s base formula. Probably one if the reasons I liked it so much was that it felt like it’s own thing whereas gen 2 felt very connected to gen 1. And gen 4 was just beautiful all around. Very vertical environments with melodic music and deep lore. Not to mention that it was my fav in the anime as well as having an amazing Pokemon lineup to me (probably my fav of all the games). Gen 5 was a mixed bag for me. It had a compelling story but that’s about all I remember. Its pokemon were hit or miss and I just can’t recall much from those games which made me not get the sequels. The anime didn’t do itself any favors there either. I almost skipped out on gen 6 but got Y when I got a 3ds and it was alright. Pokemon were a step up from the precious gen imo, and mega evolutions were cool even if they were an obvious play on nostalgia. But man were the characters and the story a low point. Team Flare was super lame in the games and your friend characters were just annoying and unnecessary to me. The anime was just as good as the gen 4 anime though. Sun and moon had the most character imo and the story was actually nice. Not my fav in the Pokemon department but not bad either and the trials were an interesting but fun change. My main issue came from the lack of challenge in the game and the unskippable cutscenes that dragged on at times.
    gen 3 and 4 are my favorites,and I started with gen 1 when they were new. It's a relatively uncommon opinion.
    I started playing with Gold. Platinum is by far my favorite game in the series, followed by Emerald and BW.
    I've been playing since the games came out. Platinum is my all time favourite game. Honestly I love the music, I love the Pokémon, and I always thought it was beautiful. I liked the park (even though they were prejudiced against my "ugly" Pokémon xD), and I thought the underground was freaking amazing. Not even the base, I just loved the digging haha. I'm just sad that the game runs very slow. That's really the only reason I would want a remake. 

Also, my Chatot said fuck when it used chatter, so that was important. 

Oh and Turtwig stamps his little foot. I die every time.
        This is a genuine question; How much better is Platinum compared to D/P? and why is it better? I\`ve never played plat, but D/P are the only games in the series i\`ve never been able to get into. I don\`t know what it is, the world just seems very empty to me. Not in terms of the characters and the story, but in terms of things to do, I\`d really love to enjoy them, and if platinum is particularly different, I might just give it a try.
            Platinum has quite a lot of changes. I think it's worth playing and definitely better than d/p. I would play on an emulator if you can though due to how slow the trio of games run.  

This page lists the changes if you want to read them:

https://nintendoeverything.com/list-of-differences-between-pokemon-platinum-and-pokemon-diamondpearl/
                Thanks for sharing that, i`m still not sold on it, but I`ll definitely give it a try soon then.
                    You're welcome :)
            Plat has a better starting Pokedex at the very least. Ponyta is no longer your only choice of fire type if you didn't choose Chimchar, and a bunch of the Gen 4 evolutions are included too.
    I have been around since Gen I and never really spent a significant amount of time away from Pokémon (never skipped a gen), and Gen V is my favorite by leaps and bounds. Better writing than ever before, a really cool region, it was the point they started merging more aspects of the real world location with the usual region design tropes which is now my favorite thing about Pokémon, QoL improvements, building on the gameplay improvements Gen IV brought without dealing with the slow as molasses engine, great music, and so on. So I really disagree with the notion that the favorite region is always the first.
    I've noticed that too but I've got an odd case where because my parents and older sister played Pokemon there hasn't really been a time in my life where I haven't been into Pokemon. For as long as I can remember I've played a Pokemon game at least once a year and I wonder how many other people have a similar situation.
    [deleted]
        HG and SS are gen IV as far as I recall, they came out before Black and White.
    My first was Diamond and i'd say that Moon was my favorite.
I am very glad HG was my first pokemon game, as it’s my favorite so far. That being said, I feel like I haven’t enjoyed the recent games as much since I’ve already “peaked”
    Same. I just remember only using my starter and not being able to beat the elite four since I only had eruption and blast burn.
Somewhat, Platinum is a remake of Diamond and Pearl
    I wouldn’t say that. If that’s the case, then Yellow is a remake of Red and Blue, Crystal is a remake of Gold and Silver, etc. I don’t count third versions as remakes because they use the same assets and are largely the same games with more content.
        I would agree. Third game is not a remake.

Leaf green/heart gold/alpha Sapphire are remakes
            The best way to look at the third games is similar to the way Kingdom Hearts has handled some of their games in that they release a definitive edition known as a final mix.
                Pokemon: Re:Crystal 1.51 Final Region Prologue /2 Days Uncaptured *μ*
                    Electric Boogaloo
                "Definitive edition" is the term I would use for the third versions.
                I mean final mix is a compilation of ground up remakes in a modified engine because they lost the original assets and the remakes run at 60fps, so not the best comparison
                    The OG PS2 Final Mixes used the original engines. They were released on the same console as the original games, but were typically Japan-exclusive. However, Square Enix translated and ported the Final Mixes to the PS3 and PS4. The original asset loss applied to the original Kingdom Hearts Final Mix when it was ported.
            Okay so are we counting B2/W2 as remakes? Cause personally I wouldn't and although Gen 4 is my favourite gen by a landslide, I have to admit that B2W2 were better games.
                B2/W2 aren’t remakes, but they’re also not the usual “third edition” because they have a completely different story that makes it very clear that it’s happening after the events of B/W. I think they’re the only direct sequels in the series, but I could be wrong.
                    I think you could count Gen 2 as direct sequels of Gen 1 as the events of Johto and Kanto happen because of the events in Gen 1, (Giovanni stepping down from TR, Lance becoming Champion, Blue becoming Gym Leader and Red on Mt Silver)
                I would agree with/u/postalraccoon and /u/teahurei that b2/w2 are sequels and not remakes or third games.

They are different from silver/gold in my opinion but closer to each other than anything else. They were like sequels but didn't really continue the storyline as much as revisited the same landmarks.

I honestly would love to see a return to BW/BW2 features with modern QOL improvements, but the list of things I'd wish for is long and my disappointment is great so I'll stop while I'm behind
                Was Spider-Man: Far From Home a remake of Spider-Man: Homecoming? 

No lmao they’re clearly sequels dude. Black 2, White 2. It’s obvious.
        I kind of describe them as directors cuts to people who don’t know about Pokémon
            That’s a great way of putting it.
    Nope, 100% wrong
    Totally not a remake.
In my opinion Emerald and BW are better
[deleted]
    That’s fair. But most people, myself included, hold the game in very high esteem.
Maybe you are just feeling some nostalgia. My main active Pokémon years were during Gen 3 and 4, so I feel a great amount of nostalgia towards them, but Black and White, especially their sequels, were just better in so many ways that they are basically objectively better.

The battles didn’t take a million years, sprites were animated, triple battles, a plot that was even slightly decent (replayed Platinum recently, the plot is basically nonexistent), nice visuals, many quality of life improvements such as the ability to reuse TMs and register multiple items to Y
***UNPOPULAR OPINION***: Gen 5 was better than gen 4. I loved gen 4, it was fucking amazing, and it's my second favorite. But gen 5 is slightly better imo.
I'd say platinum is the best if you count BW2 as a remake.
Moved a pokemon from your PC?

Saving ***a lot*** of data, please wait...
He stays with Giratina? I'm sorry, but what Giratina? We fucking caught him, didn't we? Cyrus is all alone in there...

...does he even have anything to eat? I vaguely remember there being trees in there, I wonder if they have fruit.
    In game canon you dont ever catch the legends.
        BW, B2W2, ORAS, SM and USUM.
            Im pretty sure those games are all in the remake canon which is a seperate universe from gen 1-4, in the multi-verse canon BW-USUM do indeed have the protagonist catch one of the legends.
                There are 3 universes of games we've played.

The original: RBY/GSC

The "non-mega":RSE&FRLG/DPPt&HGSS/BW&BW2

The "mega":XY&ORAS/SM&USUM/LGPE

Where S&S falls is kinda weird. Does mega evolution exist in that world,but we just can't use it,or is it just outright nonexistent?
                    Is Let's Go really supposed to be the same timeline as SM? I think it's probably yet another separate one. For example, Blue does mention in SM that he and Red were both champions, but that doesn't happen in LGPE. The drastically different gameplay system and break in trade compatibility might suggest a different universe too.
                        I was mostly going on the fact that LGPE has megas.

Also, Red and Blue could still have been champions in that timeline, just earlier or later than the LGPE trainers
                From what's said in ORAS, technically every game is its own universe, right? So it's canon that I caught Giratina in my game, but not canon for another person who knocked it out instead.
                    Canon is the idea of picking one or a few timelines and deciding they are the story how it is meant to happen. If all timelines are canon the whole concept of canon breaks down
                I'm honestly surprised there's such a thing as a canon in these games.
        Cynthia literally congratulates you after you catch it
    Ehhh I'm sure Cyrus is fine, he seems like the kind of level-headed guy who wouldn't make a snap decision like that if he didn't know what he was doing.
I put an exp share on a salamence I'm training up
It got 4861 exp
Absolutely no soundtrack tops Gen V. You can pick any single track at random and it will always be fantastic
It's a hard decision for me to make between blaziken and infernape. On one hand, you have blaziken beating charizard in the johto league...then we have infernape going super saiyan in the sinnoh league.
    Lol im replaying pearl and my infernape is nicknamed Goku because they are both based of the same historical figure
        Mythical, not historical.
            My bad your absolutely right.
Nah, in order it goes

CharWing-Chun

Taekwondosion

Incinewrestloar

Infernape

Emboar

Blaziken

Delbox

&#x200B;

Seriously, Delbox sucks though. What kind of fighting pokemon holds a wand?

&#x200B;

Kravmagarabbit looks like it'll be pretty good though.
    Delphox was so disappointing.... great name, fun typing, and then they give us a purple christmas tree with a stick.
    Delphox is a magician. They don't usually wield swords in combat.
        r/whoosh
Diamond and pearl are painfully slow. Platinum fixed a lot of the issues making it the only way to play through sinnoh, only reason this was so slow was because blissy has a ton of HP.
     Platinum improved them, but I still consider it one of the worst games.
        THIS GUY DIDN'T HAVE FRIENDS TO GO TO THE UNDERGROUND WITH!!!!!!
            1 good feature doesn't save an otherwise... "underwhelming" experience.
                I'm just messing, but I did really consider it a great improvement/sequel to the gen 3 secret bases. I never met 40 players for spiritomb however.
        I respect your opinion, but you're wrong.
            Is it really that unpopular of an opinion to hate Gen 4?
                Maybe? There are no bad gens in my opinion besides 6, Platinum has a great trio of starters with cool types and usage (fire/fighting wasn't a sore issue back then) in addition to a diverse pokedex (in platinum) the region has some of the most diverse climates, (swamp, snow, beach, mountan, tropics). All of the towns are humble and nice, and all of the gym leaders are fleshed out and interesting, further even cooler than you can mix up what third or fourth gym you do. And this game has legitimate post game, the entire battle area and a sub plot with booker and team plasma. Not to mention Sinnoh was the last game that had amazing legendaries across the board, gen 5 gets a pass because of unique typing.
                    I don't have interest in arguing any of the other points (not because I think you're wrong, I just don't think we'd see eye to eye) but I do have to wonder how you can say that about Gen 4's legendaries.  The sheer number of them devalues them as legendaries IMO.  Beyond that, I think the Lake trio and Manaphy are bland and unnecessary.  Heatran is cool, but I don't understand why it's a legendary.
                        I'm mostly talking the mascots, darkrai, crescelia, regigigas. I like the lake trio more than the sword trio and weather genies.
                It is on /r/pokemon, its pretty popular outside /r/pokemon though.
            I respect your opinion, but my experiences say otherwise
                Your experiences are wrong as well
        I CANT play diamond and pearl it Physicly hurst playinv those games
            Maybe take the ladybugs out before you begin playing?
                owo but they crawl senpai +w±
Why? Best gen
    I would say worst aside from hgss
        Lol. Okay. Explain
            Slow gameplay, boring story and characters, an annoying and uninspiring rival, an awkwardly spread out map that repeatedly crosses over itself, way too many caves, way too many HMs, over-designed cover legends, a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly, most of the better designs weren't available until postgame. 


The only upsides I can think of are a few side features and Cynthia, which doesn't nearly make up for all the bad things. Sinnoh and alola are the only regions I feel had more bad than good in their games.
                Slow gameplay? Sped up a lot in Platinum.
Story was way better than anything post gen 5 and actually had Cyrus Who was a difficult boss.
Characters weren’t awful. Rather have characters who are just there than the horrendous anime cliche characters in gen 6/7.
Awkwardly spread out map that crosses over itself? Do you need Rotom Dex to hold your hand and put a flag everywhere you need to go? 
Way too many caves? Are you IGN now? “Too much water”
Way too many HMs I can agree with but I think we’re all used to not having them anymore.
Cover legends is a personal gripe of yours. That’s on you.
The dex was fine. Another personal thing of yours.

Goods-Great Pokémon. All starters are awesome and all valid. Staraptor is the best starter bird and Luxray is a solid route 2 electric type. So many good pokes early game. So many badass teams can be built.

Underground-if you actually had people to play with you could spent hours down here. 

Battle frontier was one of the best so far. After gen 4 I don’t think they had any game get near as good as that one.

That whole new area post e4 was amazing. Strong Pokémon. Heatran encounter! Battle other gym leaders. The mansion that you can customize with the level 100 magikarp in the pond!

Swarm Pokémon. New Pokémon post national dex. 
Inserting RSE/LGFR to get different Pokémon.
Transferring Pokémon.

Unown ruins.

Megas before Megas.

If you played during the time it was relevant, the events were awesome! Darkrai and Shaymin has whole events dedicated to them. Whole areas.

Cresselia event too!

Wandering Gen 1 birds.

Togepi from Cynthia.

Jasmine in Sunyshore hinting at Gen 2 remakes.

Soooooo many daily events it was insane. Pokémon mansion maids. Berries. Poffins. Contests. Amityvle (can’t spell it for life of me)
Where you could walk your Pokémon.

NOT TO MENTION THE PHYSICAL/SPECIAL SPLIT.

Soooooooo many more things I can’t even write them all.



That game had so much content packed into one amazing game.

To say it’s the worst is literally ignorance.

I’m all for opinions but yours is wrong here.
                    Still slow, just being faster than diamond/pearl isn't anything to be proud of. The story was about on par with gens 1-3 and 6, worse than gens 5 and 7. Cyrus wasn't difficult, and characters so bland and forgettable are pretty bad. Gens 1-3, 5, and 6 all managed better maps that didn't seem so erratically organized and without any overbearing guides. Caves are way too plentiful, having the same inescapable dull brown covering so much of the game with the same handful of pokemon really helped set the already boring tone of sinnoh. And it's HMs have bothered me since release, you shouldn't be practically forced to use an HM slave.


You say the pokemon are a personal thing, so why are you pushing your opinion on it as if it's more valid?


Underground- one of the only real positives of sinnoh.

This one's a personal thing, but I really couldn't care less about the battle frontier.

The post game story was ok but not really that interesting compared to the games after it, especially considering what a chore getting there was in the first place. The mansion was cool though.

The unown ruins were... there? They were kind of just watered down versions of the johto ruins.

There was nothing similar to megas. If you're referring to the past gen evolutions, limiting most of the better pokemon in the dex behind the postgame and obscure evolution requirements isn't something I appreciate. I'm glad some of the pokemon exist now, but I got almost nothing out of them in dppt, and they can still be annoying to evolve.

I didn't get to do the events, but I've seen them. I've never really liked event-only pokemon (still think it's stupid). Some of the events are interesting, but they should just be an unlockable part of the game like the delta episode. On top of that, sinnoh's overabundance of mythical and legendary pokemon kind of made them feel less legendary.

Some minor features and a technical upgrade like (almost) every gen has.

Look, it's fine if you like the game. Personally, it was the single least enjoyable time I've had playing a pokemon game. If you disagree, cool. But it isn't going to suddenly make me like all the things that I, and many others, hate about sinnoh.
                        Did you just praise Gen 7’s story?
                            Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
                            Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
                                I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
                    I find starly line to be the most boring starter bird tied with pidgey, and i dont like shinx line at all either, its always subjective with pokemon (except garbodor)
                > a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly 

Nice priorities, dude. Nice priorities.
I tried to play Pokémon Platinum because I heard it was on par with Gen 5 but honestly the slow gameplay alone just really put me off from playing it. I know it gets interesting later on but it's just so painful for the first half of the game I played I decided I'd just play Pokémon White instead.
    Try renegade platinum, keeps the core story and you can experience sinnoh but way more sped up and streamlined gameplay.
    Honestly give it a try with an emulator with toggleable turbo, much more bearable, and the game is worth it
but it was WORTH IT
    I don't think so at all
Even though platinum was better I can still never go back to it. Only gen 4 game worth playing is hg/ss
    Agreed
[deleted]
    You wouldn't catch me dead playing pearl, but I'll play platinum till the end of time.
        [deleted]
            Have you tried eBay I see them for not much on there GameStop over priced there pokemon games though and so do many other game stores
                Gotta be careful they aren’t fake on eBay though. Not sure is GameStop checks their trade ins for fakes but at least you can see it in person
                    Buy from a reputable seller you should be good plus eBay money back guarantee
                    My used platinum at gamestop worked fine.
                        Mine does too. I believe GameStop as a retail store would at least try to not sell fakes but since I didn’t know I thought I’d mention it
                [deleted]
                    My GameStop and local game shops sell them for about 50 without the case eBay is cheaper than 40 without the case
            That's the truth. I had to replace mine as it got lost in a move and it cost me more than X and Y did. They had just come out as well...
            My brother found Platinum on a flea market for 2 dollars.
                [deleted]
                    Keep looking. I think there are many people who are unaware how much these games are actually worth. I have also gotten some good N64/GC games for amazing prices from going to flea markets -- try it out.
            My advice is to get a ds emulator on your phone, and download a rom for it. I have been using DraStic for my Android, it costs a few bucks (5-6 Aussie, can’t remember), but you can get it straight from the play store, and it is definitely worth it. Just google DS emulator for you phone, and there will be both free and paid ones.
    The only reason I want to get pearl is to find a Glameow in the wild and transfer it to newer gens.
    How are you being downvoted for an opinion lmao
        I frequently see people on this sub saying that the Gen 4 games were the ones they grew up with.  Can't imagine people would be so sensitive about it otherwise.

I think that they're genuinely awful games in terms of the single player experience, but I love many of the Pokemon and gameplay updates.
            I mean that’s all well and good, and they have reason to love that gen, but there’s no reason to downvote someone for not having the same opinion as you. Bunch of children. Downvoting is for people that are rude and/or don’t contribute to the convo
                I agree.  Wasn't trying to justify it, just offering an explanation for why people are taking it so personally and downvoting in response.
                    Yeah I know, it’s just hilarious that “I did this when I was younger” somehow makes kids take it personally.
Gen 4 is my favorite. But before Platinum, battles were slow, saving took *forever*, and the number of HMs you needed to navigate Sinnoh was ridiculous.
Ditto especially for moments where you have enough HP for one more turn, and it is you last pokemon.

Though, I really still think it needs to be faster in general. I remember BW being really really fast.
The tension was unbearable sometimes. I loved it.
Playing this game on an emulator with fast forward makes it hard to go back to my DS. I still love the shit out of diamond and pearl but I believe an emulator is the only way to make them fast enough to be playable.
I was thinking more like "*omae wa mou shindeiru*."
It’s not even remotely close to as slow as Platinum
    It wasn't that slow in platinum. I hated battling trainers in lgp and lge. I guess I had to battle more trainers in platinum though because gen 4 barely gave any exp.
turn off animations 

this is why I don’t get the uproar over animations. do you guys know how long it takes to watch Pokémon stadium-style animations for every move in ever trainer battle across a full length Pokémon game...?
    I think the uproar is that they said that good animations were a big reason why they removed Pokemon but they suck anyway. I turn off animations sometimes too but I think it's cool to at least have them on in the big fights like the champion.
    Its not about the animations (at all)
It‘s about clicking on „Fight“, then the menu disappears. 1 second later all my attacks appear. Menu disappears again, Then the attacks take like 20-30 seconds at all. 
Look at Gen 1-3 games.
Its all fast and gets slower with each pokemon game.
[deleted]
    ?
        Sorry, reminded me of a line from some song, and parodies the line.
            Ok lol
As someone whose first was Platinum, I was surprised when I bought FireRed. I thought Platinum was so much slower because of the heavy animations and stuff. And also, I thought that the slowness gave it more of a feel of refinement and epicness, even though the faster FireRed felt more engaging if that makes any sense.
>who wants fingerprints on their screen?

Ah 2007 times, when that was an argument against the ‚massive‘ screen you would touch with your filthy fingers on the first iPhone.
I beat Cynthia in diamond today first try through e4. I held my breath way too many times as the HP bar went down
Blissey's HP is stupid high, Gen 4 health drop rate is stupid slow.
Many fixes are already included in Platinum
I don't know who Cassandra is, but Gen 1 AI always uses super-effective move types no matter what. Use this to your advantage. For example, you can take down Lance's Dragonite with a Lv. 2 Weedle because it will always use Barrier (Psychic-move).
    Sorry, Sabrina. I always mix the names up because my cousin's names are Cassandra and Sabrina. Whoops
Naw this is common knowledge among the fandom.
    Reason I ask is because I never noticed this until SCMJ released his Platinum video like two days ago. Just seems ironic.
**Disagreement noises**
[removed]
    Well to be honest I didn’t check the rest of the comments
OlDeR gEnErAtIoN gOoD SwSh bAd.
Wait what
Listen I love JoJo, it’s definitely one of, *if not* my most favorite anime/manga series. 


***but not everything is a fucking jojo reference***
    Yeah, but that's the joke isn't it? That everything can be a JoJo's reference if something happens to seem vaguely JoJo esc?
He’s saying that it took forever for the health bar to go down
If your biggest issue with gen 4 is slow HP bars then that’s why you don’t understand why people love it
    Ya it's only the hp bars that are slow
        Wow. And there are people that think that complaining about SW/SH is nitpicking.
            Yeah because the national dex bad graphics etc is comparable to extremely slow everything lmao yall sinnoh lovers are beyond stupid
                I prefer Johto, thank you very much. And the only thing that's slow it's the health bars. 4th/5th gen were the apex of Pokemon.
                    "The only thing that's slow is the health bars" that's just a flat out lie
                    Also I only hate the generation but I still had fun and played it but it's your behavior and attempt at arguing that convinced me yall who love the game are dumb af I mean you just flat out lied about the game in an attempt to defend it 😂 talkings slow, walkings slow, bikings slow, battlings slow, cut scenes slow, pacings slow, everything is slow cut the crap
I imagine this didn’t work out for you very well a lot of the time as a lead? I run fake out or taunt on most of my leads for guys like you lol
    Yeah, it wasn't the most successful team. Taunt shut it down, and my win condition was stalling out with Toxic, so Steel-types shut it down hard, too. But it was fun when it worked. For me, at least.
        And that’s all that matters
        Don't let your memes be dremes.
That’s evil. 

I’m gonna make a doubles-focused romhack and have an elite four member use this, just because I’m this inspired
    Hey, it might offer a challenge unlike the core games since gen 6.
        Ultra Necrozma.
You monster.
This is the most evil thing I've ever seen
But could it tank +6 Close Combat? I remember a combo specifically in Gen5 that had Beat Up + Terrakion to give the latter a +6 boost.
    Yup. Played against that combo once and she held her ground. Each Close Combat took about half her HP, but she kept healing it back.

I think I still lost that fight from a critical hit, though.
you dont know true pain until you have played through platinum with a sand team w/o repeals
    woah settle down there satan
Can you explain again, I don’t get it
    The HP going down was always the same amount of time.  Let's say 5 seconds.  I know that's way longer than it actually was, but it makes my math easier.

So if you do 50 damage, then 50 HP over 5 seconds means the animation will show the target losing 10 HP per second.

But if you only do 5 damage, then 5 HP over 5 seconds will show the target losing 1 HP per second.  The HP bar will drop way slower.

In GSC, the animation would consider the whole 50 damage, even if the target only has 5 HP remaining.  So that means it will take 0.5 seconds to kill the target, and that fast animation helps it feel like you obliterated the enemy.

In XY, it only considered the HP remaining.  So with 5 HP left and I deal 50 damage, it still takes the full 5 seconds to drop the HP to 0, which makes it feel like you just barely killed them instead of destroying them like you actually did.
yes but taking the total damage the move would do. so if a move massively overkills the health bar reduces faster.
My first time beating a Pokemon game was Fire Red and I used *only* a lvl 100 blastoise to beat the e4. I don't even recall how I got it to that level.
    My Blastoise was level 98 at the time of completing the game, while the other Pokémon were like, in the mid 20s. I remember distinctly, Gary was down to his last Pokémon, Arcanine, while I had only my Blastoise left in the red with no pp left on any moves. Beating that SOB with struggle was the first and most exciting video game experience I ever had, and that’s why Pokémon is always going to have a special place in my heart, national dex or not
        That reminds me of how I beat Steven in Ruby with my Blaziken. Both his Crandily and my Blaziken were out of PP so we just kept struggling out way to victory.
I saw an old save file of HeartGold and I was around the level 40 mark with all 16 badges done.
Mine were around the 57-58 mark, and I only had five members.
    I did have a pretty optimized team so that probably explains why I could do it earlier. Sorry
My Infernape is my highest at 55, my Garchomp isn still a Gabite and Weavile didn’t get EVs so I’m training it now as it’s supposed to be my Garchomp killer
I thought Platinum were generally agreed to be harder?
    It's been a while since I played diamond or pearl, but I remember a lot of bosses had higher level Pokemon.
        I recall that Cynthia had higher levels in D/P but a more balanced overall team in Platinum.
            Yeah, I'm pretty sure she replaced gastrodon with togekiss. I remember that there was a more limited selection of Pokemon in DP, so I guess it depends on if you think that makes it more difficult.
                Only 2 fire types, one of which is Infernape, the starter
That sounds like a boring way to play
    Well I was also a child with a thirst for power and an unreasonable attachment to my starter...
It's like being a body builder and bragging about how easy it is to lift, in front of people going through physical therapy.
    That’s true! Very good point.
I’d say GenIV and V have a significant difference in that Gen IV introduces the physical/special split of all attacking moves.
    This is why Gen 4 is bigger than 1 and 3 for me in replay. The split is crucial. I love Gen 2 despite that, simply because everything else is incredible. HGSS are the best in the franchise because it's the best game far and away, WITH the split added. Total perfection IMO. Trying to beat Red now with an extremely underleveled squad. Super tough but really fun.
        This. Ruby was my core childhood game, but I think Platinum was what I enjoyed the most overall. Simply a much better game with the physical/special split.
        They redid most of the game mechanics and tools in gen 4 like pokeradar and breeding and the way many moves worked, there were so many improvements it's zany
        [deleted]
            What? Why? Without the switch stats were locked into type. Why have a physical water attacker if they could never use a STAB move in their typing? The split opens up design space and makes moves "grock". Remember how hitmonchan, the punching pokemon, couldn't even make good use of the elemental punches because they pulled from his SPAT? It made no sense to me as a kid and it'd make no sense now.
            I feel like the split helped out a ton of Pokemon that had weird stat distribution for their type, such as absol.
                Also helped Totodile's line as well as Hitmonchan, whose element punches were trash before it.
                [deleted]
                    But the alternative is that one is becomes hardly usable at all
    Was that really not until Gen 4? I thought that was 3.
        Very sure it was in Gen 3 (Ruby & Sapphire versions)

I remember because I was very damned confused why special moves didn't do as much as psychical ones on my Combusken
            [It was Gen IV. ](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Damage_category)
                Ahh, I see. I was thinking about the stats for Attack/ Defense and Special Attack/Special Defense. 

It didn't actually hit him that moves didn't actually split into psychical and special based on what type of move it was in the first three Gens. Today I've learned something new
            Are you thinking "physical/special split" means the initial distinction of physical and special moves? I thought it meant that.  Turns out it means certain types like Dark and Ice only had special moves and no physical moves.  That meant Sneasel, with it's high physical and low special attack, couldn't benefit from STAB moves.  The split added more diverse moves. Like Psycho Cut and Zen Headbutt as physical Psychic moves, and Aura Sphere as a special Fighting move.
                Yes. It seems this was indeed the case. Gen 3 was a very long time ago for me
    I mean I don't think the vast majority of Pokemon players even notice it tbh
Hey Gen V buddy. I stopped playing after Gen IV. But I just picked up Black a few days ago and I'm loving it!
    It's my jam. I hadn't played Pokemon in about ten years (I skipped gen III and IV when they released) and because my new girlfriend was into it, I decided to buy a 3DS and Black on a whim. I had so much fun in that game you have no idea. I later went back and played through gen III and IV to see what I missed, and while they didn't have the same feel as Black did to me, I loved them too.
        Play bw2, S tier Pokémon game
            Yes! Such a good installation and doesn’t feel nearly as rehashed as USUM does
    I just picked up white 2 a couple days ago. It's awesome but not being able to get trade evolutions sucks...
        I know I want a Gigalith!
            In white 2 there actually is an in game trade so that you can get one, but there's a bunch more that you can't get
                Sweet thank you for the heads up
    So did i and i was perplexed, white 2 is literally pokemon peak, if i emerald nostalgia wasnt so strong for me, definitely my favorite.
DPPlatinum had the best map and music. BW2 are on the same tier. Honestly Shofu’s tier list is the most accurate.
    As soon as he put Platinum on S, we knew that tier list was reliable af.
Platinum is my favorite. Been playing since Blue
First game was Gold. I still think II is an unrivaled masterpiece as far as game sequels go (the final boss is you from the previous game, like, come on) but I think IV is the best pokemon generation in terms of how it developed and expanded the mechanics of previous installments with the physical/special split being the piece  that really made battling work.
Platinum is probably my fav of the bunch with only Emerald coming close. Soul Silver was also really good as Gen 2 was my fav gen when I was really young. Ranking the ones I played: Platinum > Emerald > Soul Silver > Fire Red > Silver/Crystal > Sun > Ruby/Saphire > Diamond/Pearl > Black/White > Y > Blue. Blue was my first game and while I loved it, it definitely shows its age the most. I never even completed it (only had 5 or 6 badges) until I was in my late teens because apparently I moved onto gen 2.   

Gen 2 was gen 1 with better sprites, better music, better lore, more colors, and less annoying restrictions. Gen 3 was it’s own thing and had probably the most solid refinement of the game’s base formula. Probably one if the reasons I liked it so much was that it felt like it’s own thing whereas gen 2 felt very connected to gen 1. And gen 4 was just beautiful all around. Very vertical environments with melodic music and deep lore. Not to mention that it was my fav in the anime as well as having an amazing Pokemon lineup to me (probably my fav of all the games). Gen 5 was a mixed bag for me. It had a compelling story but that’s about all I remember. Its pokemon were hit or miss and I just can’t recall much from those games which made me not get the sequels. The anime didn’t do itself any favors there either. I almost skipped out on gen 6 but got Y when I got a 3ds and it was alright. Pokemon were a step up from the precious gen imo, and mega evolutions were cool even if they were an obvious play on nostalgia. But man were the characters and the story a low point. Team Flare was super lame in the games and your friend characters were just annoying and unnecessary to me. The anime was just as good as the gen 4 anime though. Sun and moon had the most character imo and the story was actually nice. Not my fav in the Pokemon department but not bad either and the trials were an interesting but fun change. My main issue came from the lack of challenge in the game and the unskippable cutscenes that dragged on at times.
gen 3 and 4 are my favorites,and I started with gen 1 when they were new. It's a relatively uncommon opinion.
I started playing with Gold. Platinum is by far my favorite game in the series, followed by Emerald and BW.
I've been playing since the games came out. Platinum is my all time favourite game. Honestly I love the music, I love the Pokémon, and I always thought it was beautiful. I liked the park (even though they were prejudiced against my "ugly" Pokémon xD), and I thought the underground was freaking amazing. Not even the base, I just loved the digging haha. I'm just sad that the game runs very slow. That's really the only reason I would want a remake. 

Also, my Chatot said fuck when it used chatter, so that was important. 

Oh and Turtwig stamps his little foot. I die every time.
    This is a genuine question; How much better is Platinum compared to D/P? and why is it better? I\`ve never played plat, but D/P are the only games in the series i\`ve never been able to get into. I don\`t know what it is, the world just seems very empty to me. Not in terms of the characters and the story, but in terms of things to do, I\`d really love to enjoy them, and if platinum is particularly different, I might just give it a try.
        Platinum has quite a lot of changes. I think it's worth playing and definitely better than d/p. I would play on an emulator if you can though due to how slow the trio of games run.  

This page lists the changes if you want to read them:

https://nintendoeverything.com/list-of-differences-between-pokemon-platinum-and-pokemon-diamondpearl/
            Thanks for sharing that, i`m still not sold on it, but I`ll definitely give it a try soon then.
                You're welcome :)
        Plat has a better starting Pokedex at the very least. Ponyta is no longer your only choice of fire type if you didn't choose Chimchar, and a bunch of the Gen 4 evolutions are included too.
I have been around since Gen I and never really spent a significant amount of time away from Pokémon (never skipped a gen), and Gen V is my favorite by leaps and bounds. Better writing than ever before, a really cool region, it was the point they started merging more aspects of the real world location with the usual region design tropes which is now my favorite thing about Pokémon, QoL improvements, building on the gameplay improvements Gen IV brought without dealing with the slow as molasses engine, great music, and so on. So I really disagree with the notion that the favorite region is always the first.
I've noticed that too but I've got an odd case where because my parents and older sister played Pokemon there hasn't really been a time in my life where I haven't been into Pokemon. For as long as I can remember I've played a Pokemon game at least once a year and I wonder how many other people have a similar situation.
[deleted]
    HG and SS are gen IV as far as I recall, they came out before Black and White.
My first was Diamond and i'd say that Moon was my favorite.
Same. I just remember only using my starter and not being able to beat the elite four since I only had eruption and blast burn.
I wouldn’t say that. If that’s the case, then Yellow is a remake of Red and Blue, Crystal is a remake of Gold and Silver, etc. I don’t count third versions as remakes because they use the same assets and are largely the same games with more content.
    I would agree. Third game is not a remake.

Leaf green/heart gold/alpha Sapphire are remakes
        The best way to look at the third games is similar to the way Kingdom Hearts has handled some of their games in that they release a definitive edition known as a final mix.
            Pokemon: Re:Crystal 1.51 Final Region Prologue /2 Days Uncaptured *μ*
                Electric Boogaloo
            "Definitive edition" is the term I would use for the third versions.
            I mean final mix is a compilation of ground up remakes in a modified engine because they lost the original assets and the remakes run at 60fps, so not the best comparison
                The OG PS2 Final Mixes used the original engines. They were released on the same console as the original games, but were typically Japan-exclusive. However, Square Enix translated and ported the Final Mixes to the PS3 and PS4. The original asset loss applied to the original Kingdom Hearts Final Mix when it was ported.
        Okay so are we counting B2/W2 as remakes? Cause personally I wouldn't and although Gen 4 is my favourite gen by a landslide, I have to admit that B2W2 were better games.
            B2/W2 aren’t remakes, but they’re also not the usual “third edition” because they have a completely different story that makes it very clear that it’s happening after the events of B/W. I think they’re the only direct sequels in the series, but I could be wrong.
                I think you could count Gen 2 as direct sequels of Gen 1 as the events of Johto and Kanto happen because of the events in Gen 1, (Giovanni stepping down from TR, Lance becoming Champion, Blue becoming Gym Leader and Red on Mt Silver)
            I would agree with/u/postalraccoon and /u/teahurei that b2/w2 are sequels and not remakes or third games.

They are different from silver/gold in my opinion but closer to each other than anything else. They were like sequels but didn't really continue the storyline as much as revisited the same landmarks.

I honestly would love to see a return to BW/BW2 features with modern QOL improvements, but the list of things I'd wish for is long and my disappointment is great so I'll stop while I'm behind
            Was Spider-Man: Far From Home a remake of Spider-Man: Homecoming? 

No lmao they’re clearly sequels dude. Black 2, White 2. It’s obvious.
    I kind of describe them as directors cuts to people who don’t know about Pokémon
        That’s a great way of putting it.
Nope, 100% wrong
Totally not a remake.
That’s fair. But most people, myself included, hold the game in very high esteem.
In game canon you dont ever catch the legends.
    BW, B2W2, ORAS, SM and USUM.
        Im pretty sure those games are all in the remake canon which is a seperate universe from gen 1-4, in the multi-verse canon BW-USUM do indeed have the protagonist catch one of the legends.
            There are 3 universes of games we've played.

The original: RBY/GSC

The "non-mega":RSE&FRLG/DPPt&HGSS/BW&BW2

The "mega":XY&ORAS/SM&USUM/LGPE

Where S&S falls is kinda weird. Does mega evolution exist in that world,but we just can't use it,or is it just outright nonexistent?
                Is Let's Go really supposed to be the same timeline as SM? I think it's probably yet another separate one. For example, Blue does mention in SM that he and Red were both champions, but that doesn't happen in LGPE. The drastically different gameplay system and break in trade compatibility might suggest a different universe too.
                    I was mostly going on the fact that LGPE has megas.

Also, Red and Blue could still have been champions in that timeline, just earlier or later than the LGPE trainers
            From what's said in ORAS, technically every game is its own universe, right? So it's canon that I caught Giratina in my game, but not canon for another person who knocked it out instead.
                Canon is the idea of picking one or a few timelines and deciding they are the story how it is meant to happen. If all timelines are canon the whole concept of canon breaks down
            I'm honestly surprised there's such a thing as a canon in these games.
    Cynthia literally congratulates you after you catch it
Ehhh I'm sure Cyrus is fine, he seems like the kind of level-headed guy who wouldn't make a snap decision like that if he didn't know what he was doing.
Lol im replaying pearl and my infernape is nicknamed Goku because they are both based of the same historical figure
    Mythical, not historical.
        My bad your absolutely right.
Delphox was so disappointing.... great name, fun typing, and then they give us a purple christmas tree with a stick.
Delphox is a magician. They don't usually wield swords in combat.
    r/whoosh
 Platinum improved them, but I still consider it one of the worst games.
    THIS GUY DIDN'T HAVE FRIENDS TO GO TO THE UNDERGROUND WITH!!!!!!
        1 good feature doesn't save an otherwise... "underwhelming" experience.
            I'm just messing, but I did really consider it a great improvement/sequel to the gen 3 secret bases. I never met 40 players for spiritomb however.
    I respect your opinion, but you're wrong.
        Is it really that unpopular of an opinion to hate Gen 4?
            Maybe? There are no bad gens in my opinion besides 6, Platinum has a great trio of starters with cool types and usage (fire/fighting wasn't a sore issue back then) in addition to a diverse pokedex (in platinum) the region has some of the most diverse climates, (swamp, snow, beach, mountan, tropics). All of the towns are humble and nice, and all of the gym leaders are fleshed out and interesting, further even cooler than you can mix up what third or fourth gym you do. And this game has legitimate post game, the entire battle area and a sub plot with booker and team plasma. Not to mention Sinnoh was the last game that had amazing legendaries across the board, gen 5 gets a pass because of unique typing.
                I don't have interest in arguing any of the other points (not because I think you're wrong, I just don't think we'd see eye to eye) but I do have to wonder how you can say that about Gen 4's legendaries.  The sheer number of them devalues them as legendaries IMO.  Beyond that, I think the Lake trio and Manaphy are bland and unnecessary.  Heatran is cool, but I don't understand why it's a legendary.
                    I'm mostly talking the mascots, darkrai, crescelia, regigigas. I like the lake trio more than the sword trio and weather genies.
            It is on /r/pokemon, its pretty popular outside /r/pokemon though.
        I respect your opinion, but my experiences say otherwise
            Your experiences are wrong as well
    I CANT play diamond and pearl it Physicly hurst playinv those games
        Maybe take the ladybugs out before you begin playing?
            owo but they crawl senpai +w±
I would say worst aside from hgss
    Lol. Okay. Explain
        Slow gameplay, boring story and characters, an annoying and uninspiring rival, an awkwardly spread out map that repeatedly crosses over itself, way too many caves, way too many HMs, over-designed cover legends, a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly, most of the better designs weren't available until postgame. 


The only upsides I can think of are a few side features and Cynthia, which doesn't nearly make up for all the bad things. Sinnoh and alola are the only regions I feel had more bad than good in their games.
            Slow gameplay? Sped up a lot in Platinum.
Story was way better than anything post gen 5 and actually had Cyrus Who was a difficult boss.
Characters weren’t awful. Rather have characters who are just there than the horrendous anime cliche characters in gen 6/7.
Awkwardly spread out map that crosses over itself? Do you need Rotom Dex to hold your hand and put a flag everywhere you need to go? 
Way too many caves? Are you IGN now? “Too much water”
Way too many HMs I can agree with but I think we’re all used to not having them anymore.
Cover legends is a personal gripe of yours. That’s on you.
The dex was fine. Another personal thing of yours.

Goods-Great Pokémon. All starters are awesome and all valid. Staraptor is the best starter bird and Luxray is a solid route 2 electric type. So many good pokes early game. So many badass teams can be built.

Underground-if you actually had people to play with you could spent hours down here. 

Battle frontier was one of the best so far. After gen 4 I don’t think they had any game get near as good as that one.

That whole new area post e4 was amazing. Strong Pokémon. Heatran encounter! Battle other gym leaders. The mansion that you can customize with the level 100 magikarp in the pond!

Swarm Pokémon. New Pokémon post national dex. 
Inserting RSE/LGFR to get different Pokémon.
Transferring Pokémon.

Unown ruins.

Megas before Megas.

If you played during the time it was relevant, the events were awesome! Darkrai and Shaymin has whole events dedicated to them. Whole areas.

Cresselia event too!

Wandering Gen 1 birds.

Togepi from Cynthia.

Jasmine in Sunyshore hinting at Gen 2 remakes.

Soooooo many daily events it was insane. Pokémon mansion maids. Berries. Poffins. Contests. Amityvle (can’t spell it for life of me)
Where you could walk your Pokémon.

NOT TO MENTION THE PHYSICAL/SPECIAL SPLIT.

Soooooooo many more things I can’t even write them all.



That game had so much content packed into one amazing game.

To say it’s the worst is literally ignorance.

I’m all for opinions but yours is wrong here.
                Still slow, just being faster than diamond/pearl isn't anything to be proud of. The story was about on par with gens 1-3 and 6, worse than gens 5 and 7. Cyrus wasn't difficult, and characters so bland and forgettable are pretty bad. Gens 1-3, 5, and 6 all managed better maps that didn't seem so erratically organized and without any overbearing guides. Caves are way too plentiful, having the same inescapable dull brown covering so much of the game with the same handful of pokemon really helped set the already boring tone of sinnoh. And it's HMs have bothered me since release, you shouldn't be practically forced to use an HM slave.


You say the pokemon are a personal thing, so why are you pushing your opinion on it as if it's more valid?


Underground- one of the only real positives of sinnoh.

This one's a personal thing, but I really couldn't care less about the battle frontier.

The post game story was ok but not really that interesting compared to the games after it, especially considering what a chore getting there was in the first place. The mansion was cool though.

The unown ruins were... there? They were kind of just watered down versions of the johto ruins.

There was nothing similar to megas. If you're referring to the past gen evolutions, limiting most of the better pokemon in the dex behind the postgame and obscure evolution requirements isn't something I appreciate. I'm glad some of the pokemon exist now, but I got almost nothing out of them in dppt, and they can still be annoying to evolve.

I didn't get to do the events, but I've seen them. I've never really liked event-only pokemon (still think it's stupid). Some of the events are interesting, but they should just be an unlockable part of the game like the delta episode. On top of that, sinnoh's overabundance of mythical and legendary pokemon kind of made them feel less legendary.

Some minor features and a technical upgrade like (almost) every gen has.

Look, it's fine if you like the game. Personally, it was the single least enjoyable time I've had playing a pokemon game. If you disagree, cool. But it isn't going to suddenly make me like all the things that I, and many others, hate about sinnoh.
                    Did you just praise Gen 7’s story?
                        Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
                        Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
                            I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
                I find starly line to be the most boring starter bird tied with pidgey, and i dont like shinx line at all either, its always subjective with pokemon (except garbodor)
            > a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly 

Nice priorities, dude. Nice priorities.
Try renegade platinum, keeps the core story and you can experience sinnoh but way more sped up and streamlined gameplay.
Honestly give it a try with an emulator with toggleable turbo, much more bearable, and the game is worth it
I don't think so at all
Agreed
You wouldn't catch me dead playing pearl, but I'll play platinum till the end of time.
    [deleted]
        Have you tried eBay I see them for not much on there GameStop over priced there pokemon games though and so do many other game stores
            Gotta be careful they aren’t fake on eBay though. Not sure is GameStop checks their trade ins for fakes but at least you can see it in person
                Buy from a reputable seller you should be good plus eBay money back guarantee
                My used platinum at gamestop worked fine.
                    Mine does too. I believe GameStop as a retail store would at least try to not sell fakes but since I didn’t know I thought I’d mention it
            [deleted]
                My GameStop and local game shops sell them for about 50 without the case eBay is cheaper than 40 without the case
        That's the truth. I had to replace mine as it got lost in a move and it cost me more than X and Y did. They had just come out as well...
        My brother found Platinum on a flea market for 2 dollars.
            [deleted]
                Keep looking. I think there are many people who are unaware how much these games are actually worth. I have also gotten some good N64/GC games for amazing prices from going to flea markets -- try it out.
        My advice is to get a ds emulator on your phone, and download a rom for it. I have been using DraStic for my Android, it costs a few bucks (5-6 Aussie, can’t remember), but you can get it straight from the play store, and it is definitely worth it. Just google DS emulator for you phone, and there will be both free and paid ones.
The only reason I want to get pearl is to find a Glameow in the wild and transfer it to newer gens.
How are you being downvoted for an opinion lmao
    I frequently see people on this sub saying that the Gen 4 games were the ones they grew up with.  Can't imagine people would be so sensitive about it otherwise.

I think that they're genuinely awful games in terms of the single player experience, but I love many of the Pokemon and gameplay updates.
        I mean that’s all well and good, and they have reason to love that gen, but there’s no reason to downvote someone for not having the same opinion as you. Bunch of children. Downvoting is for people that are rude and/or don’t contribute to the convo
            I agree.  Wasn't trying to justify it, just offering an explanation for why people are taking it so personally and downvoting in response.
                Yeah I know, it’s just hilarious that “I did this when I was younger” somehow makes kids take it personally.
It wasn't that slow in platinum. I hated battling trainers in lgp and lge. I guess I had to battle more trainers in platinum though because gen 4 barely gave any exp.
I think the uproar is that they said that good animations were a big reason why they removed Pokemon but they suck anyway. I turn off animations sometimes too but I think it's cool to at least have them on in the big fights like the champion.
Its not about the animations (at all)
It‘s about clicking on „Fight“, then the menu disappears. 1 second later all my attacks appear. Menu disappears again, Then the attacks take like 20-30 seconds at all. 
Look at Gen 1-3 games.
Its all fast and gets slower with each pokemon game.
?
    Sorry, reminded me of a line from some song, and parodies the line.
        Ok lol
Sorry, Sabrina. I always mix the names up because my cousin's names are Cassandra and Sabrina. Whoops
Reason I ask is because I never noticed this until SCMJ released his Platinum video like two days ago. Just seems ironic.
Well to be honest I didn’t check the rest of the comments
Yeah, but that's the joke isn't it? That everything can be a JoJo's reference if something happens to seem vaguely JoJo esc?
Ya it's only the hp bars that are slow
    Wow. And there are people that think that complaining about SW/SH is nitpicking.
        Yeah because the national dex bad graphics etc is comparable to extremely slow everything lmao yall sinnoh lovers are beyond stupid
            I prefer Johto, thank you very much. And the only thing that's slow it's the health bars. 4th/5th gen were the apex of Pokemon.
                "The only thing that's slow is the health bars" that's just a flat out lie
                Also I only hate the generation but I still had fun and played it but it's your behavior and attempt at arguing that convinced me yall who love the game are dumb af I mean you just flat out lied about the game in an attempt to defend it 😂 talkings slow, walkings slow, bikings slow, battlings slow, cut scenes slow, pacings slow, everything is slow cut the crap
Yeah, it wasn't the most successful team. Taunt shut it down, and my win condition was stalling out with Toxic, so Steel-types shut it down hard, too. But it was fun when it worked. For me, at least.
    And that’s all that matters
    Don't let your memes be dremes.
Hey, it might offer a challenge unlike the core games since gen 6.
    Ultra Necrozma.
Yup. Played against that combo once and she held her ground. Each Close Combat took about half her HP, but she kept healing it back.

I think I still lost that fight from a critical hit, though.
woah settle down there satan
The HP going down was always the same amount of time.  Let's say 5 seconds.  I know that's way longer than it actually was, but it makes my math easier.

So if you do 50 damage, then 50 HP over 5 seconds means the animation will show the target losing 10 HP per second.

But if you only do 5 damage, then 5 HP over 5 seconds will show the target losing 1 HP per second.  The HP bar will drop way slower.

In GSC, the animation would consider the whole 50 damage, even if the target only has 5 HP remaining.  So that means it will take 0.5 seconds to kill the target, and that fast animation helps it feel like you obliterated the enemy.

In XY, it only considered the HP remaining.  So with 5 HP left and I deal 50 damage, it still takes the full 5 seconds to drop the HP to 0, which makes it feel like you just barely killed them instead of destroying them like you actually did.
My Blastoise was level 98 at the time of completing the game, while the other Pokémon were like, in the mid 20s. I remember distinctly, Gary was down to his last Pokémon, Arcanine, while I had only my Blastoise left in the red with no pp left on any moves. Beating that SOB with struggle was the first and most exciting video game experience I ever had, and that’s why Pokémon is always going to have a special place in my heart, national dex or not
    That reminds me of how I beat Steven in Ruby with my Blaziken. Both his Crandily and my Blaziken were out of PP so we just kept struggling out way to victory.
I did have a pretty optimized team so that probably explains why I could do it earlier. Sorry
It's been a while since I played diamond or pearl, but I remember a lot of bosses had higher level Pokemon.
    I recall that Cynthia had higher levels in D/P but a more balanced overall team in Platinum.
        Yeah, I'm pretty sure she replaced gastrodon with togekiss. I remember that there was a more limited selection of Pokemon in DP, so I guess it depends on if you think that makes it more difficult.
            Only 2 fire types, one of which is Infernape, the starter
Well I was also a child with a thirst for power and an unreasonable attachment to my starter...
That’s true! Very good point.
This is why Gen 4 is bigger than 1 and 3 for me in replay. The split is crucial. I love Gen 2 despite that, simply because everything else is incredible. HGSS are the best in the franchise because it's the best game far and away, WITH the split added. Total perfection IMO. Trying to beat Red now with an extremely underleveled squad. Super tough but really fun.
    This. Ruby was my core childhood game, but I think Platinum was what I enjoyed the most overall. Simply a much better game with the physical/special split.
    They redid most of the game mechanics and tools in gen 4 like pokeradar and breeding and the way many moves worked, there were so many improvements it's zany
    [deleted]
        What? Why? Without the switch stats were locked into type. Why have a physical water attacker if they could never use a STAB move in their typing? The split opens up design space and makes moves "grock". Remember how hitmonchan, the punching pokemon, couldn't even make good use of the elemental punches because they pulled from his SPAT? It made no sense to me as a kid and it'd make no sense now.
        I feel like the split helped out a ton of Pokemon that had weird stat distribution for their type, such as absol.
            Also helped Totodile's line as well as Hitmonchan, whose element punches were trash before it.
            [deleted]
                But the alternative is that one is becomes hardly usable at all
Was that really not until Gen 4? I thought that was 3.
    Very sure it was in Gen 3 (Ruby & Sapphire versions)

I remember because I was very damned confused why special moves didn't do as much as psychical ones on my Combusken
        [It was Gen IV. ](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Damage_category)
            Ahh, I see. I was thinking about the stats for Attack/ Defense and Special Attack/Special Defense. 

It didn't actually hit him that moves didn't actually split into psychical and special based on what type of move it was in the first three Gens. Today I've learned something new
        Are you thinking "physical/special split" means the initial distinction of physical and special moves? I thought it meant that.  Turns out it means certain types like Dark and Ice only had special moves and no physical moves.  That meant Sneasel, with it's high physical and low special attack, couldn't benefit from STAB moves.  The split added more diverse moves. Like Psycho Cut and Zen Headbutt as physical Psychic moves, and Aura Sphere as a special Fighting move.
            Yes. It seems this was indeed the case. Gen 3 was a very long time ago for me
I mean I don't think the vast majority of Pokemon players even notice it tbh
It's my jam. I hadn't played Pokemon in about ten years (I skipped gen III and IV when they released) and because my new girlfriend was into it, I decided to buy a 3DS and Black on a whim. I had so much fun in that game you have no idea. I later went back and played through gen III and IV to see what I missed, and while they didn't have the same feel as Black did to me, I loved them too.
    Play bw2, S tier Pokémon game
        Yes! Such a good installation and doesn’t feel nearly as rehashed as USUM does
I just picked up white 2 a couple days ago. It's awesome but not being able to get trade evolutions sucks...
    I know I want a Gigalith!
        In white 2 there actually is an in game trade so that you can get one, but there's a bunch more that you can't get
            Sweet thank you for the heads up
So did i and i was perplexed, white 2 is literally pokemon peak, if i emerald nostalgia wasnt so strong for me, definitely my favorite.
As soon as he put Platinum on S, we knew that tier list was reliable af.
This is a genuine question; How much better is Platinum compared to D/P? and why is it better? I\`ve never played plat, but D/P are the only games in the series i\`ve never been able to get into. I don\`t know what it is, the world just seems very empty to me. Not in terms of the characters and the story, but in terms of things to do, I\`d really love to enjoy them, and if platinum is particularly different, I might just give it a try.
    Platinum has quite a lot of changes. I think it's worth playing and definitely better than d/p. I would play on an emulator if you can though due to how slow the trio of games run.  

This page lists the changes if you want to read them:

https://nintendoeverything.com/list-of-differences-between-pokemon-platinum-and-pokemon-diamondpearl/
        Thanks for sharing that, i`m still not sold on it, but I`ll definitely give it a try soon then.
            You're welcome :)
    Plat has a better starting Pokedex at the very least. Ponyta is no longer your only choice of fire type if you didn't choose Chimchar, and a bunch of the Gen 4 evolutions are included too.
HG and SS are gen IV as far as I recall, they came out before Black and White.
I would agree. Third game is not a remake.

Leaf green/heart gold/alpha Sapphire are remakes
    The best way to look at the third games is similar to the way Kingdom Hearts has handled some of their games in that they release a definitive edition known as a final mix.
        Pokemon: Re:Crystal 1.51 Final Region Prologue /2 Days Uncaptured *μ*
            Electric Boogaloo
        "Definitive edition" is the term I would use for the third versions.
        I mean final mix is a compilation of ground up remakes in a modified engine because they lost the original assets and the remakes run at 60fps, so not the best comparison
            The OG PS2 Final Mixes used the original engines. They were released on the same console as the original games, but were typically Japan-exclusive. However, Square Enix translated and ported the Final Mixes to the PS3 and PS4. The original asset loss applied to the original Kingdom Hearts Final Mix when it was ported.
    Okay so are we counting B2/W2 as remakes? Cause personally I wouldn't and although Gen 4 is my favourite gen by a landslide, I have to admit that B2W2 were better games.
        B2/W2 aren’t remakes, but they’re also not the usual “third edition” because they have a completely different story that makes it very clear that it’s happening after the events of B/W. I think they’re the only direct sequels in the series, but I could be wrong.
            I think you could count Gen 2 as direct sequels of Gen 1 as the events of Johto and Kanto happen because of the events in Gen 1, (Giovanni stepping down from TR, Lance becoming Champion, Blue becoming Gym Leader and Red on Mt Silver)
        I would agree with/u/postalraccoon and /u/teahurei that b2/w2 are sequels and not remakes or third games.

They are different from silver/gold in my opinion but closer to each other than anything else. They were like sequels but didn't really continue the storyline as much as revisited the same landmarks.

I honestly would love to see a return to BW/BW2 features with modern QOL improvements, but the list of things I'd wish for is long and my disappointment is great so I'll stop while I'm behind
        Was Spider-Man: Far From Home a remake of Spider-Man: Homecoming? 

No lmao they’re clearly sequels dude. Black 2, White 2. It’s obvious.
I kind of describe them as directors cuts to people who don’t know about Pokémon
    That’s a great way of putting it.
BW, B2W2, ORAS, SM and USUM.
    Im pretty sure those games are all in the remake canon which is a seperate universe from gen 1-4, in the multi-verse canon BW-USUM do indeed have the protagonist catch one of the legends.
        There are 3 universes of games we've played.

The original: RBY/GSC

The "non-mega":RSE&FRLG/DPPt&HGSS/BW&BW2

The "mega":XY&ORAS/SM&USUM/LGPE

Where S&S falls is kinda weird. Does mega evolution exist in that world,but we just can't use it,or is it just outright nonexistent?
            Is Let's Go really supposed to be the same timeline as SM? I think it's probably yet another separate one. For example, Blue does mention in SM that he and Red were both champions, but that doesn't happen in LGPE. The drastically different gameplay system and break in trade compatibility might suggest a different universe too.
                I was mostly going on the fact that LGPE has megas.

Also, Red and Blue could still have been champions in that timeline, just earlier or later than the LGPE trainers
        From what's said in ORAS, technically every game is its own universe, right? So it's canon that I caught Giratina in my game, but not canon for another person who knocked it out instead.
            Canon is the idea of picking one or a few timelines and deciding they are the story how it is meant to happen. If all timelines are canon the whole concept of canon breaks down
        I'm honestly surprised there's such a thing as a canon in these games.
Cynthia literally congratulates you after you catch it
Mythical, not historical.
    My bad your absolutely right.
r/whoosh
THIS GUY DIDN'T HAVE FRIENDS TO GO TO THE UNDERGROUND WITH!!!!!!
    1 good feature doesn't save an otherwise... "underwhelming" experience.
        I'm just messing, but I did really consider it a great improvement/sequel to the gen 3 secret bases. I never met 40 players for spiritomb however.
I respect your opinion, but you're wrong.
    Is it really that unpopular of an opinion to hate Gen 4?
        Maybe? There are no bad gens in my opinion besides 6, Platinum has a great trio of starters with cool types and usage (fire/fighting wasn't a sore issue back then) in addition to a diverse pokedex (in platinum) the region has some of the most diverse climates, (swamp, snow, beach, mountan, tropics). All of the towns are humble and nice, and all of the gym leaders are fleshed out and interesting, further even cooler than you can mix up what third or fourth gym you do. And this game has legitimate post game, the entire battle area and a sub plot with booker and team plasma. Not to mention Sinnoh was the last game that had amazing legendaries across the board, gen 5 gets a pass because of unique typing.
            I don't have interest in arguing any of the other points (not because I think you're wrong, I just don't think we'd see eye to eye) but I do have to wonder how you can say that about Gen 4's legendaries.  The sheer number of them devalues them as legendaries IMO.  Beyond that, I think the Lake trio and Manaphy are bland and unnecessary.  Heatran is cool, but I don't understand why it's a legendary.
                I'm mostly talking the mascots, darkrai, crescelia, regigigas. I like the lake trio more than the sword trio and weather genies.
        It is on /r/pokemon, its pretty popular outside /r/pokemon though.
    I respect your opinion, but my experiences say otherwise
        Your experiences are wrong as well
I CANT play diamond and pearl it Physicly hurst playinv those games
    Maybe take the ladybugs out before you begin playing?
        owo but they crawl senpai +w±
Lol. Okay. Explain
    Slow gameplay, boring story and characters, an annoying and uninspiring rival, an awkwardly spread out map that repeatedly crosses over itself, way too many caves, way too many HMs, over-designed cover legends, a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly, most of the better designs weren't available until postgame. 


The only upsides I can think of are a few side features and Cynthia, which doesn't nearly make up for all the bad things. Sinnoh and alola are the only regions I feel had more bad than good in their games.
        Slow gameplay? Sped up a lot in Platinum.
Story was way better than anything post gen 5 and actually had Cyrus Who was a difficult boss.
Characters weren’t awful. Rather have characters who are just there than the horrendous anime cliche characters in gen 6/7.
Awkwardly spread out map that crosses over itself? Do you need Rotom Dex to hold your hand and put a flag everywhere you need to go? 
Way too many caves? Are you IGN now? “Too much water”
Way too many HMs I can agree with but I think we’re all used to not having them anymore.
Cover legends is a personal gripe of yours. That’s on you.
The dex was fine. Another personal thing of yours.

Goods-Great Pokémon. All starters are awesome and all valid. Staraptor is the best starter bird and Luxray is a solid route 2 electric type. So many good pokes early game. So many badass teams can be built.

Underground-if you actually had people to play with you could spent hours down here. 

Battle frontier was one of the best so far. After gen 4 I don’t think they had any game get near as good as that one.

That whole new area post e4 was amazing. Strong Pokémon. Heatran encounter! Battle other gym leaders. The mansion that you can customize with the level 100 magikarp in the pond!

Swarm Pokémon. New Pokémon post national dex. 
Inserting RSE/LGFR to get different Pokémon.
Transferring Pokémon.

Unown ruins.

Megas before Megas.

If you played during the time it was relevant, the events were awesome! Darkrai and Shaymin has whole events dedicated to them. Whole areas.

Cresselia event too!

Wandering Gen 1 birds.

Togepi from Cynthia.

Jasmine in Sunyshore hinting at Gen 2 remakes.

Soooooo many daily events it was insane. Pokémon mansion maids. Berries. Poffins. Contests. Amityvle (can’t spell it for life of me)
Where you could walk your Pokémon.

NOT TO MENTION THE PHYSICAL/SPECIAL SPLIT.

Soooooooo many more things I can’t even write them all.



That game had so much content packed into one amazing game.

To say it’s the worst is literally ignorance.

I’m all for opinions but yours is wrong here.
            Still slow, just being faster than diamond/pearl isn't anything to be proud of. The story was about on par with gens 1-3 and 6, worse than gens 5 and 7. Cyrus wasn't difficult, and characters so bland and forgettable are pretty bad. Gens 1-3, 5, and 6 all managed better maps that didn't seem so erratically organized and without any overbearing guides. Caves are way too plentiful, having the same inescapable dull brown covering so much of the game with the same handful of pokemon really helped set the already boring tone of sinnoh. And it's HMs have bothered me since release, you shouldn't be practically forced to use an HM slave.


You say the pokemon are a personal thing, so why are you pushing your opinion on it as if it's more valid?


Underground- one of the only real positives of sinnoh.

This one's a personal thing, but I really couldn't care less about the battle frontier.

The post game story was ok but not really that interesting compared to the games after it, especially considering what a chore getting there was in the first place. The mansion was cool though.

The unown ruins were... there? They were kind of just watered down versions of the johto ruins.

There was nothing similar to megas. If you're referring to the past gen evolutions, limiting most of the better pokemon in the dex behind the postgame and obscure evolution requirements isn't something I appreciate. I'm glad some of the pokemon exist now, but I got almost nothing out of them in dppt, and they can still be annoying to evolve.

I didn't get to do the events, but I've seen them. I've never really liked event-only pokemon (still think it's stupid). Some of the events are interesting, but they should just be an unlockable part of the game like the delta episode. On top of that, sinnoh's overabundance of mythical and legendary pokemon kind of made them feel less legendary.

Some minor features and a technical upgrade like (almost) every gen has.

Look, it's fine if you like the game. Personally, it was the single least enjoyable time I've had playing a pokemon game. If you disagree, cool. But it isn't going to suddenly make me like all the things that I, and many others, hate about sinnoh.
                Did you just praise Gen 7’s story?
                    Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
                    Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
                        I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
            I find starly line to be the most boring starter bird tied with pidgey, and i dont like shinx line at all either, its always subjective with pokemon (except garbodor)
        > a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly 

Nice priorities, dude. Nice priorities.
[deleted]
    Have you tried eBay I see them for not much on there GameStop over priced there pokemon games though and so do many other game stores
        Gotta be careful they aren’t fake on eBay though. Not sure is GameStop checks their trade ins for fakes but at least you can see it in person
            Buy from a reputable seller you should be good plus eBay money back guarantee
            My used platinum at gamestop worked fine.
                Mine does too. I believe GameStop as a retail store would at least try to not sell fakes but since I didn’t know I thought I’d mention it
        [deleted]
            My GameStop and local game shops sell them for about 50 without the case eBay is cheaper than 40 without the case
    That's the truth. I had to replace mine as it got lost in a move and it cost me more than X and Y did. They had just come out as well...
    My brother found Platinum on a flea market for 2 dollars.
        [deleted]
            Keep looking. I think there are many people who are unaware how much these games are actually worth. I have also gotten some good N64/GC games for amazing prices from going to flea markets -- try it out.
    My advice is to get a ds emulator on your phone, and download a rom for it. I have been using DraStic for my Android, it costs a few bucks (5-6 Aussie, can’t remember), but you can get it straight from the play store, and it is definitely worth it. Just google DS emulator for you phone, and there will be both free and paid ones.
I frequently see people on this sub saying that the Gen 4 games were the ones they grew up with.  Can't imagine people would be so sensitive about it otherwise.

I think that they're genuinely awful games in terms of the single player experience, but I love many of the Pokemon and gameplay updates.
    I mean that’s all well and good, and they have reason to love that gen, but there’s no reason to downvote someone for not having the same opinion as you. Bunch of children. Downvoting is for people that are rude and/or don’t contribute to the convo
        I agree.  Wasn't trying to justify it, just offering an explanation for why people are taking it so personally and downvoting in response.
            Yeah I know, it’s just hilarious that “I did this when I was younger” somehow makes kids take it personally.
Sorry, reminded me of a line from some song, and parodies the line.
    Ok lol
Wow. And there are people that think that complaining about SW/SH is nitpicking.
    Yeah because the national dex bad graphics etc is comparable to extremely slow everything lmao yall sinnoh lovers are beyond stupid
        I prefer Johto, thank you very much. And the only thing that's slow it's the health bars. 4th/5th gen were the apex of Pokemon.
            "The only thing that's slow is the health bars" that's just a flat out lie
            Also I only hate the generation but I still had fun and played it but it's your behavior and attempt at arguing that convinced me yall who love the game are dumb af I mean you just flat out lied about the game in an attempt to defend it 😂 talkings slow, walkings slow, bikings slow, battlings slow, cut scenes slow, pacings slow, everything is slow cut the crap
And that’s all that matters
Don't let your memes be dremes.
Ultra Necrozma.
That reminds me of how I beat Steven in Ruby with my Blaziken. Both his Crandily and my Blaziken were out of PP so we just kept struggling out way to victory.
I recall that Cynthia had higher levels in D/P but a more balanced overall team in Platinum.
    Yeah, I'm pretty sure she replaced gastrodon with togekiss. I remember that there was a more limited selection of Pokemon in DP, so I guess it depends on if you think that makes it more difficult.
        Only 2 fire types, one of which is Infernape, the starter
This. Ruby was my core childhood game, but I think Platinum was what I enjoyed the most overall. Simply a much better game with the physical/special split.
They redid most of the game mechanics and tools in gen 4 like pokeradar and breeding and the way many moves worked, there were so many improvements it's zany
[deleted]
    What? Why? Without the switch stats were locked into type. Why have a physical water attacker if they could never use a STAB move in their typing? The split opens up design space and makes moves "grock". Remember how hitmonchan, the punching pokemon, couldn't even make good use of the elemental punches because they pulled from his SPAT? It made no sense to me as a kid and it'd make no sense now.
    I feel like the split helped out a ton of Pokemon that had weird stat distribution for their type, such as absol.
        Also helped Totodile's line as well as Hitmonchan, whose element punches were trash before it.
        [deleted]
            But the alternative is that one is becomes hardly usable at all
Very sure it was in Gen 3 (Ruby & Sapphire versions)

I remember because I was very damned confused why special moves didn't do as much as psychical ones on my Combusken
    [It was Gen IV. ](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Damage_category)
        Ahh, I see. I was thinking about the stats for Attack/ Defense and Special Attack/Special Defense. 

It didn't actually hit him that moves didn't actually split into psychical and special based on what type of move it was in the first three Gens. Today I've learned something new
    Are you thinking "physical/special split" means the initial distinction of physical and special moves? I thought it meant that.  Turns out it means certain types like Dark and Ice only had special moves and no physical moves.  That meant Sneasel, with it's high physical and low special attack, couldn't benefit from STAB moves.  The split added more diverse moves. Like Psycho Cut and Zen Headbutt as physical Psychic moves, and Aura Sphere as a special Fighting move.
        Yes. It seems this was indeed the case. Gen 3 was a very long time ago for me
Play bw2, S tier Pokémon game
    Yes! Such a good installation and doesn’t feel nearly as rehashed as USUM does
I know I want a Gigalith!
    In white 2 there actually is an in game trade so that you can get one, but there's a bunch more that you can't get
        Sweet thank you for the heads up
Platinum has quite a lot of changes. I think it's worth playing and definitely better than d/p. I would play on an emulator if you can though due to how slow the trio of games run.  

This page lists the changes if you want to read them:

https://nintendoeverything.com/list-of-differences-between-pokemon-platinum-and-pokemon-diamondpearl/
    Thanks for sharing that, i`m still not sold on it, but I`ll definitely give it a try soon then.
        You're welcome :)
Plat has a better starting Pokedex at the very least. Ponyta is no longer your only choice of fire type if you didn't choose Chimchar, and a bunch of the Gen 4 evolutions are included too.
The best way to look at the third games is similar to the way Kingdom Hearts has handled some of their games in that they release a definitive edition known as a final mix.
    Pokemon: Re:Crystal 1.51 Final Region Prologue /2 Days Uncaptured *μ*
        Electric Boogaloo
    "Definitive edition" is the term I would use for the third versions.
    I mean final mix is a compilation of ground up remakes in a modified engine because they lost the original assets and the remakes run at 60fps, so not the best comparison
        The OG PS2 Final Mixes used the original engines. They were released on the same console as the original games, but were typically Japan-exclusive. However, Square Enix translated and ported the Final Mixes to the PS3 and PS4. The original asset loss applied to the original Kingdom Hearts Final Mix when it was ported.
Okay so are we counting B2/W2 as remakes? Cause personally I wouldn't and although Gen 4 is my favourite gen by a landslide, I have to admit that B2W2 were better games.
    B2/W2 aren’t remakes, but they’re also not the usual “third edition” because they have a completely different story that makes it very clear that it’s happening after the events of B/W. I think they’re the only direct sequels in the series, but I could be wrong.
        I think you could count Gen 2 as direct sequels of Gen 1 as the events of Johto and Kanto happen because of the events in Gen 1, (Giovanni stepping down from TR, Lance becoming Champion, Blue becoming Gym Leader and Red on Mt Silver)
    I would agree with/u/postalraccoon and /u/teahurei that b2/w2 are sequels and not remakes or third games.

They are different from silver/gold in my opinion but closer to each other than anything else. They were like sequels but didn't really continue the storyline as much as revisited the same landmarks.

I honestly would love to see a return to BW/BW2 features with modern QOL improvements, but the list of things I'd wish for is long and my disappointment is great so I'll stop while I'm behind
    Was Spider-Man: Far From Home a remake of Spider-Man: Homecoming? 

No lmao they’re clearly sequels dude. Black 2, White 2. It’s obvious.
That’s a great way of putting it.
Im pretty sure those games are all in the remake canon which is a seperate universe from gen 1-4, in the multi-verse canon BW-USUM do indeed have the protagonist catch one of the legends.
    There are 3 universes of games we've played.

The original: RBY/GSC

The "non-mega":RSE&FRLG/DPPt&HGSS/BW&BW2

The "mega":XY&ORAS/SM&USUM/LGPE

Where S&S falls is kinda weird. Does mega evolution exist in that world,but we just can't use it,or is it just outright nonexistent?
        Is Let's Go really supposed to be the same timeline as SM? I think it's probably yet another separate one. For example, Blue does mention in SM that he and Red were both champions, but that doesn't happen in LGPE. The drastically different gameplay system and break in trade compatibility might suggest a different universe too.
            I was mostly going on the fact that LGPE has megas.

Also, Red and Blue could still have been champions in that timeline, just earlier or later than the LGPE trainers
    From what's said in ORAS, technically every game is its own universe, right? So it's canon that I caught Giratina in my game, but not canon for another person who knocked it out instead.
        Canon is the idea of picking one or a few timelines and deciding they are the story how it is meant to happen. If all timelines are canon the whole concept of canon breaks down
    I'm honestly surprised there's such a thing as a canon in these games.
My bad your absolutely right.
1 good feature doesn't save an otherwise... "underwhelming" experience.
    I'm just messing, but I did really consider it a great improvement/sequel to the gen 3 secret bases. I never met 40 players for spiritomb however.
Is it really that unpopular of an opinion to hate Gen 4?
    Maybe? There are no bad gens in my opinion besides 6, Platinum has a great trio of starters with cool types and usage (fire/fighting wasn't a sore issue back then) in addition to a diverse pokedex (in platinum) the region has some of the most diverse climates, (swamp, snow, beach, mountan, tropics). All of the towns are humble and nice, and all of the gym leaders are fleshed out and interesting, further even cooler than you can mix up what third or fourth gym you do. And this game has legitimate post game, the entire battle area and a sub plot with booker and team plasma. Not to mention Sinnoh was the last game that had amazing legendaries across the board, gen 5 gets a pass because of unique typing.
        I don't have interest in arguing any of the other points (not because I think you're wrong, I just don't think we'd see eye to eye) but I do have to wonder how you can say that about Gen 4's legendaries.  The sheer number of them devalues them as legendaries IMO.  Beyond that, I think the Lake trio and Manaphy are bland and unnecessary.  Heatran is cool, but I don't understand why it's a legendary.
            I'm mostly talking the mascots, darkrai, crescelia, regigigas. I like the lake trio more than the sword trio and weather genies.
    It is on /r/pokemon, its pretty popular outside /r/pokemon though.
I respect your opinion, but my experiences say otherwise
    Your experiences are wrong as well
Maybe take the ladybugs out before you begin playing?
    owo but they crawl senpai +w±
Slow gameplay, boring story and characters, an annoying and uninspiring rival, an awkwardly spread out map that repeatedly crosses over itself, way too many caves, way too many HMs, over-designed cover legends, a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly, most of the better designs weren't available until postgame. 


The only upsides I can think of are a few side features and Cynthia, which doesn't nearly make up for all the bad things. Sinnoh and alola are the only regions I feel had more bad than good in their games.
    Slow gameplay? Sped up a lot in Platinum.
Story was way better than anything post gen 5 and actually had Cyrus Who was a difficult boss.
Characters weren’t awful. Rather have characters who are just there than the horrendous anime cliche characters in gen 6/7.
Awkwardly spread out map that crosses over itself? Do you need Rotom Dex to hold your hand and put a flag everywhere you need to go? 
Way too many caves? Are you IGN now? “Too much water”
Way too many HMs I can agree with but I think we’re all used to not having them anymore.
Cover legends is a personal gripe of yours. That’s on you.
The dex was fine. Another personal thing of yours.

Goods-Great Pokémon. All starters are awesome and all valid. Staraptor is the best starter bird and Luxray is a solid route 2 electric type. So many good pokes early game. So many badass teams can be built.

Underground-if you actually had people to play with you could spent hours down here. 

Battle frontier was one of the best so far. After gen 4 I don’t think they had any game get near as good as that one.

That whole new area post e4 was amazing. Strong Pokémon. Heatran encounter! Battle other gym leaders. The mansion that you can customize with the level 100 magikarp in the pond!

Swarm Pokémon. New Pokémon post national dex. 
Inserting RSE/LGFR to get different Pokémon.
Transferring Pokémon.

Unown ruins.

Megas before Megas.

If you played during the time it was relevant, the events were awesome! Darkrai and Shaymin has whole events dedicated to them. Whole areas.

Cresselia event too!

Wandering Gen 1 birds.

Togepi from Cynthia.

Jasmine in Sunyshore hinting at Gen 2 remakes.

Soooooo many daily events it was insane. Pokémon mansion maids. Berries. Poffins. Contests. Amityvle (can’t spell it for life of me)
Where you could walk your Pokémon.

NOT TO MENTION THE PHYSICAL/SPECIAL SPLIT.

Soooooooo many more things I can’t even write them all.



That game had so much content packed into one amazing game.

To say it’s the worst is literally ignorance.

I’m all for opinions but yours is wrong here.
        Still slow, just being faster than diamond/pearl isn't anything to be proud of. The story was about on par with gens 1-3 and 6, worse than gens 5 and 7. Cyrus wasn't difficult, and characters so bland and forgettable are pretty bad. Gens 1-3, 5, and 6 all managed better maps that didn't seem so erratically organized and without any overbearing guides. Caves are way too plentiful, having the same inescapable dull brown covering so much of the game with the same handful of pokemon really helped set the already boring tone of sinnoh. And it's HMs have bothered me since release, you shouldn't be practically forced to use an HM slave.


You say the pokemon are a personal thing, so why are you pushing your opinion on it as if it's more valid?


Underground- one of the only real positives of sinnoh.

This one's a personal thing, but I really couldn't care less about the battle frontier.

The post game story was ok but not really that interesting compared to the games after it, especially considering what a chore getting there was in the first place. The mansion was cool though.

The unown ruins were... there? They were kind of just watered down versions of the johto ruins.

There was nothing similar to megas. If you're referring to the past gen evolutions, limiting most of the better pokemon in the dex behind the postgame and obscure evolution requirements isn't something I appreciate. I'm glad some of the pokemon exist now, but I got almost nothing out of them in dppt, and they can still be annoying to evolve.

I didn't get to do the events, but I've seen them. I've never really liked event-only pokemon (still think it's stupid). Some of the events are interesting, but they should just be an unlockable part of the game like the delta episode. On top of that, sinnoh's overabundance of mythical and legendary pokemon kind of made them feel less legendary.

Some minor features and a technical upgrade like (almost) every gen has.

Look, it's fine if you like the game. Personally, it was the single least enjoyable time I've had playing a pokemon game. If you disagree, cool. But it isn't going to suddenly make me like all the things that I, and many others, hate about sinnoh.
            Did you just praise Gen 7’s story?
                Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
                Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
                    I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
        I find starly line to be the most boring starter bird tied with pidgey, and i dont like shinx line at all either, its always subjective with pokemon (except garbodor)
    > a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly 

Nice priorities, dude. Nice priorities.
Have you tried eBay I see them for not much on there GameStop over priced there pokemon games though and so do many other game stores
    Gotta be careful they aren’t fake on eBay though. Not sure is GameStop checks their trade ins for fakes but at least you can see it in person
        Buy from a reputable seller you should be good plus eBay money back guarantee
        My used platinum at gamestop worked fine.
            Mine does too. I believe GameStop as a retail store would at least try to not sell fakes but since I didn’t know I thought I’d mention it
    [deleted]
        My GameStop and local game shops sell them for about 50 without the case eBay is cheaper than 40 without the case
That's the truth. I had to replace mine as it got lost in a move and it cost me more than X and Y did. They had just come out as well...
My brother found Platinum on a flea market for 2 dollars.
    [deleted]
        Keep looking. I think there are many people who are unaware how much these games are actually worth. I have also gotten some good N64/GC games for amazing prices from going to flea markets -- try it out.
My advice is to get a ds emulator on your phone, and download a rom for it. I have been using DraStic for my Android, it costs a few bucks (5-6 Aussie, can’t remember), but you can get it straight from the play store, and it is definitely worth it. Just google DS emulator for you phone, and there will be both free and paid ones.
I mean that’s all well and good, and they have reason to love that gen, but there’s no reason to downvote someone for not having the same opinion as you. Bunch of children. Downvoting is for people that are rude and/or don’t contribute to the convo
    I agree.  Wasn't trying to justify it, just offering an explanation for why people are taking it so personally and downvoting in response.
        Yeah I know, it’s just hilarious that “I did this when I was younger” somehow makes kids take it personally.
Ok lol
Yeah because the national dex bad graphics etc is comparable to extremely slow everything lmao yall sinnoh lovers are beyond stupid
    I prefer Johto, thank you very much. And the only thing that's slow it's the health bars. 4th/5th gen were the apex of Pokemon.
        "The only thing that's slow is the health bars" that's just a flat out lie
        Also I only hate the generation but I still had fun and played it but it's your behavior and attempt at arguing that convinced me yall who love the game are dumb af I mean you just flat out lied about the game in an attempt to defend it 😂 talkings slow, walkings slow, bikings slow, battlings slow, cut scenes slow, pacings slow, everything is slow cut the crap
Yeah, I'm pretty sure she replaced gastrodon with togekiss. I remember that there was a more limited selection of Pokemon in DP, so I guess it depends on if you think that makes it more difficult.
    Only 2 fire types, one of which is Infernape, the starter
What? Why? Without the switch stats were locked into type. Why have a physical water attacker if they could never use a STAB move in their typing? The split opens up design space and makes moves "grock". Remember how hitmonchan, the punching pokemon, couldn't even make good use of the elemental punches because they pulled from his SPAT? It made no sense to me as a kid and it'd make no sense now.
I feel like the split helped out a ton of Pokemon that had weird stat distribution for their type, such as absol.
    Also helped Totodile's line as well as Hitmonchan, whose element punches were trash before it.
    [deleted]
        But the alternative is that one is becomes hardly usable at all
[It was Gen IV. ](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Damage_category)
    Ahh, I see. I was thinking about the stats for Attack/ Defense and Special Attack/Special Defense. 

It didn't actually hit him that moves didn't actually split into psychical and special based on what type of move it was in the first three Gens. Today I've learned something new
Are you thinking "physical/special split" means the initial distinction of physical and special moves? I thought it meant that.  Turns out it means certain types like Dark and Ice only had special moves and no physical moves.  That meant Sneasel, with it's high physical and low special attack, couldn't benefit from STAB moves.  The split added more diverse moves. Like Psycho Cut and Zen Headbutt as physical Psychic moves, and Aura Sphere as a special Fighting move.
    Yes. It seems this was indeed the case. Gen 3 was a very long time ago for me
Yes! Such a good installation and doesn’t feel nearly as rehashed as USUM does
In white 2 there actually is an in game trade so that you can get one, but there's a bunch more that you can't get
    Sweet thank you for the heads up
Thanks for sharing that, i`m still not sold on it, but I`ll definitely give it a try soon then.
    You're welcome :)
Pokemon: Re:Crystal 1.51 Final Region Prologue /2 Days Uncaptured *μ*
    Electric Boogaloo
"Definitive edition" is the term I would use for the third versions.
I mean final mix is a compilation of ground up remakes in a modified engine because they lost the original assets and the remakes run at 60fps, so not the best comparison
    The OG PS2 Final Mixes used the original engines. They were released on the same console as the original games, but were typically Japan-exclusive. However, Square Enix translated and ported the Final Mixes to the PS3 and PS4. The original asset loss applied to the original Kingdom Hearts Final Mix when it was ported.
B2/W2 aren’t remakes, but they’re also not the usual “third edition” because they have a completely different story that makes it very clear that it’s happening after the events of B/W. I think they’re the only direct sequels in the series, but I could be wrong.
    I think you could count Gen 2 as direct sequels of Gen 1 as the events of Johto and Kanto happen because of the events in Gen 1, (Giovanni stepping down from TR, Lance becoming Champion, Blue becoming Gym Leader and Red on Mt Silver)
I would agree with/u/postalraccoon and /u/teahurei that b2/w2 are sequels and not remakes or third games.

They are different from silver/gold in my opinion but closer to each other than anything else. They were like sequels but didn't really continue the storyline as much as revisited the same landmarks.

I honestly would love to see a return to BW/BW2 features with modern QOL improvements, but the list of things I'd wish for is long and my disappointment is great so I'll stop while I'm behind
Was Spider-Man: Far From Home a remake of Spider-Man: Homecoming? 

No lmao they’re clearly sequels dude. Black 2, White 2. It’s obvious.
There are 3 universes of games we've played.

The original: RBY/GSC

The "non-mega":RSE&FRLG/DPPt&HGSS/BW&BW2

The "mega":XY&ORAS/SM&USUM/LGPE

Where S&S falls is kinda weird. Does mega evolution exist in that world,but we just can't use it,or is it just outright nonexistent?
    Is Let's Go really supposed to be the same timeline as SM? I think it's probably yet another separate one. For example, Blue does mention in SM that he and Red were both champions, but that doesn't happen in LGPE. The drastically different gameplay system and break in trade compatibility might suggest a different universe too.
        I was mostly going on the fact that LGPE has megas.

Also, Red and Blue could still have been champions in that timeline, just earlier or later than the LGPE trainers
From what's said in ORAS, technically every game is its own universe, right? So it's canon that I caught Giratina in my game, but not canon for another person who knocked it out instead.
    Canon is the idea of picking one or a few timelines and deciding they are the story how it is meant to happen. If all timelines are canon the whole concept of canon breaks down
I'm honestly surprised there's such a thing as a canon in these games.
I'm just messing, but I did really consider it a great improvement/sequel to the gen 3 secret bases. I never met 40 players for spiritomb however.
Maybe? There are no bad gens in my opinion besides 6, Platinum has a great trio of starters with cool types and usage (fire/fighting wasn't a sore issue back then) in addition to a diverse pokedex (in platinum) the region has some of the most diverse climates, (swamp, snow, beach, mountan, tropics). All of the towns are humble and nice, and all of the gym leaders are fleshed out and interesting, further even cooler than you can mix up what third or fourth gym you do. And this game has legitimate post game, the entire battle area and a sub plot with booker and team plasma. Not to mention Sinnoh was the last game that had amazing legendaries across the board, gen 5 gets a pass because of unique typing.
    I don't have interest in arguing any of the other points (not because I think you're wrong, I just don't think we'd see eye to eye) but I do have to wonder how you can say that about Gen 4's legendaries.  The sheer number of them devalues them as legendaries IMO.  Beyond that, I think the Lake trio and Manaphy are bland and unnecessary.  Heatran is cool, but I don't understand why it's a legendary.
        I'm mostly talking the mascots, darkrai, crescelia, regigigas. I like the lake trio more than the sword trio and weather genies.
It is on /r/pokemon, its pretty popular outside /r/pokemon though.
Your experiences are wrong as well
owo but they crawl senpai +w±
Slow gameplay? Sped up a lot in Platinum.
Story was way better than anything post gen 5 and actually had Cyrus Who was a difficult boss.
Characters weren’t awful. Rather have characters who are just there than the horrendous anime cliche characters in gen 6/7.
Awkwardly spread out map that crosses over itself? Do you need Rotom Dex to hold your hand and put a flag everywhere you need to go? 
Way too many caves? Are you IGN now? “Too much water”
Way too many HMs I can agree with but I think we’re all used to not having them anymore.
Cover legends is a personal gripe of yours. That’s on you.
The dex was fine. Another personal thing of yours.

Goods-Great Pokémon. All starters are awesome and all valid. Staraptor is the best starter bird and Luxray is a solid route 2 electric type. So many good pokes early game. So many badass teams can be built.

Underground-if you actually had people to play with you could spent hours down here. 

Battle frontier was one of the best so far. After gen 4 I don’t think they had any game get near as good as that one.

That whole new area post e4 was amazing. Strong Pokémon. Heatran encounter! Battle other gym leaders. The mansion that you can customize with the level 100 magikarp in the pond!

Swarm Pokémon. New Pokémon post national dex. 
Inserting RSE/LGFR to get different Pokémon.
Transferring Pokémon.

Unown ruins.

Megas before Megas.

If you played during the time it was relevant, the events were awesome! Darkrai and Shaymin has whole events dedicated to them. Whole areas.

Cresselia event too!

Wandering Gen 1 birds.

Togepi from Cynthia.

Jasmine in Sunyshore hinting at Gen 2 remakes.

Soooooo many daily events it was insane. Pokémon mansion maids. Berries. Poffins. Contests. Amityvle (can’t spell it for life of me)
Where you could walk your Pokémon.

NOT TO MENTION THE PHYSICAL/SPECIAL SPLIT.

Soooooooo many more things I can’t even write them all.



That game had so much content packed into one amazing game.

To say it’s the worst is literally ignorance.

I’m all for opinions but yours is wrong here.
    Still slow, just being faster than diamond/pearl isn't anything to be proud of. The story was about on par with gens 1-3 and 6, worse than gens 5 and 7. Cyrus wasn't difficult, and characters so bland and forgettable are pretty bad. Gens 1-3, 5, and 6 all managed better maps that didn't seem so erratically organized and without any overbearing guides. Caves are way too plentiful, having the same inescapable dull brown covering so much of the game with the same handful of pokemon really helped set the already boring tone of sinnoh. And it's HMs have bothered me since release, you shouldn't be practically forced to use an HM slave.


You say the pokemon are a personal thing, so why are you pushing your opinion on it as if it's more valid?


Underground- one of the only real positives of sinnoh.

This one's a personal thing, but I really couldn't care less about the battle frontier.

The post game story was ok but not really that interesting compared to the games after it, especially considering what a chore getting there was in the first place. The mansion was cool though.

The unown ruins were... there? They were kind of just watered down versions of the johto ruins.

There was nothing similar to megas. If you're referring to the past gen evolutions, limiting most of the better pokemon in the dex behind the postgame and obscure evolution requirements isn't something I appreciate. I'm glad some of the pokemon exist now, but I got almost nothing out of them in dppt, and they can still be annoying to evolve.

I didn't get to do the events, but I've seen them. I've never really liked event-only pokemon (still think it's stupid). Some of the events are interesting, but they should just be an unlockable part of the game like the delta episode. On top of that, sinnoh's overabundance of mythical and legendary pokemon kind of made them feel less legendary.

Some minor features and a technical upgrade like (almost) every gen has.

Look, it's fine if you like the game. Personally, it was the single least enjoyable time I've had playing a pokemon game. If you disagree, cool. But it isn't going to suddenly make me like all the things that I, and many others, hate about sinnoh.
        Did you just praise Gen 7’s story?
            Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
            Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
                I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
    I find starly line to be the most boring starter bird tied with pidgey, and i dont like shinx line at all either, its always subjective with pokemon (except garbodor)
> a large portion of the dex was fat and/or ugly 

Nice priorities, dude. Nice priorities.
Gotta be careful they aren’t fake on eBay though. Not sure is GameStop checks their trade ins for fakes but at least you can see it in person
    Buy from a reputable seller you should be good plus eBay money back guarantee
    My used platinum at gamestop worked fine.
        Mine does too. I believe GameStop as a retail store would at least try to not sell fakes but since I didn’t know I thought I’d mention it
[deleted]
    My GameStop and local game shops sell them for about 50 without the case eBay is cheaper than 40 without the case
[deleted]
    Keep looking. I think there are many people who are unaware how much these games are actually worth. I have also gotten some good N64/GC games for amazing prices from going to flea markets -- try it out.
I agree.  Wasn't trying to justify it, just offering an explanation for why people are taking it so personally and downvoting in response.
    Yeah I know, it’s just hilarious that “I did this when I was younger” somehow makes kids take it personally.
I prefer Johto, thank you very much. And the only thing that's slow it's the health bars. 4th/5th gen were the apex of Pokemon.
    "The only thing that's slow is the health bars" that's just a flat out lie
    Also I only hate the generation but I still had fun and played it but it's your behavior and attempt at arguing that convinced me yall who love the game are dumb af I mean you just flat out lied about the game in an attempt to defend it 😂 talkings slow, walkings slow, bikings slow, battlings slow, cut scenes slow, pacings slow, everything is slow cut the crap
Only 2 fire types, one of which is Infernape, the starter
Also helped Totodile's line as well as Hitmonchan, whose element punches were trash before it.
[deleted]
    But the alternative is that one is becomes hardly usable at all
Ahh, I see. I was thinking about the stats for Attack/ Defense and Special Attack/Special Defense. 

It didn't actually hit him that moves didn't actually split into psychical and special based on what type of move it was in the first three Gens. Today I've learned something new
Yes. It seems this was indeed the case. Gen 3 was a very long time ago for me
Sweet thank you for the heads up
You're welcome :)
Electric Boogaloo
The OG PS2 Final Mixes used the original engines. They were released on the same console as the original games, but were typically Japan-exclusive. However, Square Enix translated and ported the Final Mixes to the PS3 and PS4. The original asset loss applied to the original Kingdom Hearts Final Mix when it was ported.
I think you could count Gen 2 as direct sequels of Gen 1 as the events of Johto and Kanto happen because of the events in Gen 1, (Giovanni stepping down from TR, Lance becoming Champion, Blue becoming Gym Leader and Red on Mt Silver)
Is Let's Go really supposed to be the same timeline as SM? I think it's probably yet another separate one. For example, Blue does mention in SM that he and Red were both champions, but that doesn't happen in LGPE. The drastically different gameplay system and break in trade compatibility might suggest a different universe too.
    I was mostly going on the fact that LGPE has megas.

Also, Red and Blue could still have been champions in that timeline, just earlier or later than the LGPE trainers
Canon is the idea of picking one or a few timelines and deciding they are the story how it is meant to happen. If all timelines are canon the whole concept of canon breaks down
I don't have interest in arguing any of the other points (not because I think you're wrong, I just don't think we'd see eye to eye) but I do have to wonder how you can say that about Gen 4's legendaries.  The sheer number of them devalues them as legendaries IMO.  Beyond that, I think the Lake trio and Manaphy are bland and unnecessary.  Heatran is cool, but I don't understand why it's a legendary.
    I'm mostly talking the mascots, darkrai, crescelia, regigigas. I like the lake trio more than the sword trio and weather genies.
Still slow, just being faster than diamond/pearl isn't anything to be proud of. The story was about on par with gens 1-3 and 6, worse than gens 5 and 7. Cyrus wasn't difficult, and characters so bland and forgettable are pretty bad. Gens 1-3, 5, and 6 all managed better maps that didn't seem so erratically organized and without any overbearing guides. Caves are way too plentiful, having the same inescapable dull brown covering so much of the game with the same handful of pokemon really helped set the already boring tone of sinnoh. And it's HMs have bothered me since release, you shouldn't be practically forced to use an HM slave.


You say the pokemon are a personal thing, so why are you pushing your opinion on it as if it's more valid?


Underground- one of the only real positives of sinnoh.

This one's a personal thing, but I really couldn't care less about the battle frontier.

The post game story was ok but not really that interesting compared to the games after it, especially considering what a chore getting there was in the first place. The mansion was cool though.

The unown ruins were... there? They were kind of just watered down versions of the johto ruins.

There was nothing similar to megas. If you're referring to the past gen evolutions, limiting most of the better pokemon in the dex behind the postgame and obscure evolution requirements isn't something I appreciate. I'm glad some of the pokemon exist now, but I got almost nothing out of them in dppt, and they can still be annoying to evolve.

I didn't get to do the events, but I've seen them. I've never really liked event-only pokemon (still think it's stupid). Some of the events are interesting, but they should just be an unlockable part of the game like the delta episode. On top of that, sinnoh's overabundance of mythical and legendary pokemon kind of made them feel less legendary.

Some minor features and a technical upgrade like (almost) every gen has.

Look, it's fine if you like the game. Personally, it was the single least enjoyable time I've had playing a pokemon game. If you disagree, cool. But it isn't going to suddenly make me like all the things that I, and many others, hate about sinnoh.
    Did you just praise Gen 7’s story?
        Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
        Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
            I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
I find starly line to be the most boring starter bird tied with pidgey, and i dont like shinx line at all either, its always subjective with pokemon (except garbodor)
Buy from a reputable seller you should be good plus eBay money back guarantee
My used platinum at gamestop worked fine.
    Mine does too. I believe GameStop as a retail store would at least try to not sell fakes but since I didn’t know I thought I’d mention it
My GameStop and local game shops sell them for about 50 without the case eBay is cheaper than 40 without the case
Keep looking. I think there are many people who are unaware how much these games are actually worth. I have also gotten some good N64/GC games for amazing prices from going to flea markets -- try it out.
Yeah I know, it’s just hilarious that “I did this when I was younger” somehow makes kids take it personally.
"The only thing that's slow is the health bars" that's just a flat out lie
Also I only hate the generation but I still had fun and played it but it's your behavior and attempt at arguing that convinced me yall who love the game are dumb af I mean you just flat out lied about the game in an attempt to defend it 😂 talkings slow, walkings slow, bikings slow, battlings slow, cut scenes slow, pacings slow, everything is slow cut the crap
But the alternative is that one is becomes hardly usable at all
I was mostly going on the fact that LGPE has megas.

Also, Red and Blue could still have been champions in that timeline, just earlier or later than the LGPE trainers
I'm mostly talking the mascots, darkrai, crescelia, regigigas. I like the lake trio more than the sword trio and weather genies.
Did you just praise Gen 7’s story?
    Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
    Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
        I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
Mine does too. I believe GameStop as a retail store would at least try to not sell fakes but since I didn’t know I thought I’d mention it
Yeah now I know he doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about . I’m out ✌🏻
Is it good compared to other games? Not really. But for pokemon's low standards? It's better than the lack of plot for gens 1-2 or the repetition of gen 3's generic plot through gens 4 and 6. 5 is the only one with plot that sort of holds up outside pokemon standards.
    I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
I think what I really hated about Gen 7’s story was that it presented itself like it was a Gen 5 level story. Gen 4 and back unabashedly had no story and it worked because it’s Pokémon. Gen 7 throws these characters at you that you have no real reason to care about other than because they’re in the game (except Hau, love that guy). While yes, in Gen 5 it does just kinda say “these are your best friends,” they all have fairly 3 dimensional personalities. In 7 you’ve got Hau, who wants to be better than his dad. Lillie, who has a bad mom. Gladion, who is rebellious because of bad mom. And then at the end, boom, problems solved, no real development.
