[[Is Portal 2 a good game for an absolute newbie to gaming]]


I've never played any Portal games (yeah I know) and I want to try Portal 2 with a friend because I've heard so many good reviews about the game. I am a pretty experienced PC gamer so I'd be able to pick everything up pretty quickly but he's completely new to PC gaming, never played any PC games before but he really wants to try some fun coop games, so do you all think that this is a good game for both of us to try? (and also we are both smart individuals who like puzzles so that's why I gave this game a thought initially)

And if not, maybe drop some other fun coop games to play online as well? Thank you :)

&#x200B;

**EDIT:** Thank you all for your responses, I very much appreciate all of them! We will definitely try out Portal 2 very soon, thanks again y'all! :)


The portal games are great.  I would recommend them to anyone
    Lemmy FTW!
        I wouldn't think portal has that high of a replay value once you know how to solve all the puzzles and have heard all the jokes (though a lot of them are still funny hearing them multiple times)
            Theres a lot of custom maps and puzzles that the community has made! They've even made practically new portal games..
                [Portal reloaded](https://youtu.be/xbdTO5xqCJA) is for sure one to check out, it adds a third portal that is based around the present and future.
                    Thank you so much for bringing this game/mod to my attention. I just started playing and my god is it fun. I wasn't aware there were mods like this out there. Its a whole new game of portal to play!!
                        Portal Stories: Mel is also fantastic
                            Thank you, first reloaded, then Mel. Its like having a brand new portal game(s) to play. I am so excited!!
                                I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
                        In case you are also interested in other amazing mods/ games I can highly highly highly HIGHLY recommend Nehrim and Enderal. 
They are "total conversion mods" for Oblivion and Skyrim respectively. Entirely new world, new main story, new side quests, new combat/magic and progression systems, full PROFESSIONAL voice acting (in German and English. More languages supported as subtitles) with entirely new music and songs etc.. 
Amazing mods which are now a couple years old but are entirely different games... And they are free.
                > They've even made practically new portal games.

Portal Stories: Mel is my favourite among those
                    Don't recommend it to anyone that dislikes it, when a puzzle game breaks it's conventional rules and gets very, very gimmicky.

Unless you have played other Portal mods that break the games' established puzzle mechanics before, you will almost certainly have to use a walkthrough at some point.

The first hour or so is fine, after that, it can quickly become annoying.
                    Fuuuuck that one is so fucking hard, makes my brain hurt.
            Lemmy FTW!
                [deleted]
                    Custom maps? No way it's the worst replay value when there are thousands of new and genuinely high quality maps you can play.
                        If you're playing new maps then you're not replaying the game, you're playing new content.
                            Which is a part of the game.. You're still playing Portal 2, just with community content. Opening up level creation to the community is a great way of adding replayability to a game.
                                But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
                                    I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
            There are user created chambers and mechanics to jump to a random, well rated chamber every time.
        Usally when no new games are out, and I've run out of games to play portal is my go too.
            >and I've run out of games to play 

I haven't had this problem since around midv2000s where games were able to be bought for super cheap. Before that, games even used where always expensive and i only really ever had one game to play at a time back then. Now i have such a huge backlog that picking a new game to play becomes daunting and i just end up not playing anything
        I see what you did there! Can't run through only one portal, amarite?
    First person games can be really hard for newbies, esp on controllers.  There is a learning curve in simply moving and looking that a lot of gamers forget about

Op if you try it, spend time customizing the sensitivity of your controller (this is possible in the menu of basically every modern game) you don't want to struggle with the very basics. 

I'd say Braid is a better puzzle game for new gamers. As mind bending as portal but its a platformer
Some people have trouble with FPS controls. They either think about moving with the keyboard, or think about moving the mouse, but have trouble combining both at the same time.

There's a video series about [what are games like for a non-gamer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax7f3JZJHSw&list=PLordXx8iNEyStcX_WzqM0JCpiJYgqhinc&index=1), it's pretty interesting.
    This is brilliant, thank you for the YouTube channel suggestion! My eldest daughter (who has recently turned 5) is starting to get interested in daddy's Xbox (and not just for playing Disney DVDs) and I've been trying to help her learn 'gaming language' but it's a steep learning curve and she can find it very frustrating sometimes.

She likes the 'dog and little girl game' (Bolt, the movie tie-in game), the 'fun game' (Juju, a cutesy colourful platformer), the 'Ninja chicken game' (Ninjago, the Lego Movie game tie-in) and Halo (but only to run away from daddy and drive into him with the Warthog!). They're all co-op games (except for Bolt) so that we're working together towards a common goal, and we can goof off if she starts to get annoyed that she can't do a level.

So far, instead of teaching her how to play games skillfully and efficiently, I've been focusing on making them fun for her at all costs. So if there's a choice between beating a level or pushing daddy's character off a cliff over and over while I pretend to get angry I'll choose the latter every time, because it makes her laugh *so* much. I want to give her positive first impressions with videogames; my wife took pictures of us two playing together and the look on our faces is one of unbridled joy, so hopefully I'm doing a good job. 

Anyway again thanks for the YouTube video, I'll try and watch them all in my free time and apply any lessons they teach to helping my own little gamer, so she can learn how to experience and enjoy the wide world of videogames like I do :-)
        LEGO games on the whole are fairly chilled and fun games to play and learn with. The Spyro trilogy might also be something fun to pick up and play too! Not co-op, but it's bright, colourful, and has buckets of charm.
            I dunno, Spyro is pretty damn hard.
                later on sure, but the game does a really good job building a good foundation, it's very much designed with young kids in mind.
        You are most definitely doing a good job. As someone who was lucky enough to have something similar, these are the crucial links and happy memories that your kid’s gonna carry with them for the rest of your life. Keep being an awesome dad.
        Dad of 6 and 5 year old gamer girls here, my girls have alot of trouble with FPS games so I tend to shy away from trying to get into them their little hands just have trouble handling 2 joysticks AND buttons. They mostly play on the switch but you should pick up the Disney world game for your lil one its on xbox game pass if you have it its absolutely perfect for that age especially if they have been because its a recreation of the park. 

Their current favorite is Goat Simulator they has spent hours just goofing off in it I had to buy them the full DLC they like it so much. 

If you dont mind the blood Diablo 3 is also a great game for little ones, or minecraft dungeons though we prefer diablo.
        “So if there's a choice between beating a level or pushing daddy's character off a cliff over and over while I pretend to get angry I'll choose the latter every time, because it makes her laugh so much.”

I would probably try and temper that a little bit once she’s more comfortable with the games, because that kind of trolling can get really annoying in online play.
            She's five years old...
                Which is why I specifically said to try and temper it _later_
    Totally true. I have dyspraxia (fine motor skills difficulties) and diminished spatial awareness, so fps games or even things like rocket league are nightmares for me to play. I still game, but things like turned based and map games are my preference. So, my most played games this year were civilisation on my computer and shattered pixel dungeon (a rogue like) and polytopia (a really fun civ like) on my phone.
    Razbuten is great, I love his vids. Gaming for a non gamer particularly got me into watching him.
    That *was* very interesting thanks for the share
    That’s very true. 

I only noticed that some time ago when my girlfriend tried to play a FPS for the first time in her life. I was shocked at how confused she was by simply moving and looking in different directions with the mouse. I couldn’t even comprehend how hard it is for someone who never played it until I saw it with my own eyes.
        A good way to simulate this yourself is to try gaming with an odd mouse. I've only ever played with thumball mice, so running around a FPS with a regular mouse or controller is very jarring, and that's just a muscle memory disconnect, not being totally new to that control paradigm.
    I went through the PS1 and PS2 eras without even knowing that L3 and R3 buttons exist.

IIRC, I only learned it later when I was setting up the controls for some emulator that you could press the analogue sticks.
    That was a great video, and exactly how my mum played portal when I introduced her to it. I could've got her to fly a helicopter with better results
    Portal games are actually really good for that.

Especially the first one, but the second is similar.

While they do use that control scheme, it's pretty much training wheels for it.

Aim and clicking is occasionally timed, but the fail state is almost never death. 

Things shoot at you, but you need to move out of the way and don't need to fire back.

You can take your time to do things, and it doesn't really require twitch movement, though there are some timing puzzles.

The Portal games are actually a really good way to get the basics of FPS mechanics down.
    Rszbuten is awesome!
    This makes me kinda sad. It really is hard to get into games if you didn't grow up playing them, and so many people are never going to experience how fun games are because of that. I'm sure a lot of us have boomer relatives who play solitaire for hours, and I'm sure it's mildly entertaining, but they are missing out on so much.
        It really doesnt take that long to figure out, especially if you have someone helping.

"O, L3 means click the left stick".

Never a problem again.
            That one is easy to solve if they have someone to help, but there is a lot of other stuff to learn, some of it not as simple as just knowing what button to press. I mean, boomers often have trouble with simple things like sending text messages, playing a game is a whole order of magnitude of complexity beyond that.
My mum was able to play it. Yes.
    LOL that seals the deal right there
        Don't generalize it to all mums, my mom was unable to even cross doors. If your friend is significantly old, something 2d might be a better starting point.
        You don’t know their mum!
            this is the internet, we all know his mum.
                But not mine!
                    Especially yours.
                        She actually knows the internet and its secrets
        Portal 2 and It Takes Two are the two best co-op games I can think of. Although, It Takes Two is a bit better for couples. I kiss all my bros goodnight, so up to you guys.
    I had a junkie friend trying to quit drugs and going through withdrawals, and I was trying to help him out with some video games to pass the time, but he said he couldn't handle anything with adrenaline or quick reaction times like shooter games or racing games.  

So we tried Portal.  He absolutely loved it.  He said it was perfect because almost every level we could take it as slow as he needed to, there was never any pressure, just puzzle solving, but with fun jokes and a quirky robot to reward you after each puzzle.  It was the one game I had that he could actually enjoy, and it really helped.

The creepy scenes behind the wall paneling freaked him out a bit though.
        You need quick reaction in Portal, but only in very few puzzles. Most puzzles are just you looking around and thinking or trying things out. Overall, I think it's a well balanced game.

If you want adrenaline, try Tomb Raider. Both Portal 1&2 and some Tomb Raider pack are among the few games I have paid for on Steam. I would also recommend Bejeweled Deluxe and from what I've seen posted online I think Rocket League is worth buying (I bought it but I think I just don't like this kind of games).
        Spoiler alert, man!  Gosh! /s
Yes. Good way to learn first person controls. How I plan to introduce my gf to kbm
    That’s how I got my gf to try kbm, now she’s wanting to build her own rig.
        I got my partner into gaming by going Life is Strange > Ori > Stardew (coop) > Portal 1 > Portal 2 (coop)

Then they played the entire new tomb raider trilogy solo unprompted and woosh, new gamer. They want to try the Mass Effect trilogy next.
            [deleted]
                The legendary edition smooths things out once you disable the mouse acceleration
                    How do you disable it?
                        Back in the day, config file edits. It appears to be the same. Set the INI then change it to readonly.
                    [deleted]
                        It's not the mouse acceleration that pissed me off. It was the horrible mouse filtering baked into UE3. It makes it not respond to subtle inputs and your aim gets all floaty. And mouse deceleration. Faster you move, the less proportional it is. Horrible.
                To be honest though, you can get the full story impact even skipping ME1. I say this as someone who jumped straight to ME2 after several of my friends who played the first recommended I do so.


Edit: For everyone getting angry, I’m not saying to skip ME1. I’m just saying that you can absolutely skip ME1 and still really enjoy the trilogy. If you don’t import a game save when you start ME2 the game walks you through some of the major plot points and character introductions. It will even have you make decisions from ME1 so it knows how to setup your ME2 play through. Again not saying ME1 isn’t necessary. Just saying the trilogy can stand on its own without it. Plus not playing ME1 means you don’t have to grind out the same planet search with the Mako 1000 times.
                    ...just no.
                    No way. ME1 does a huge amount of legwork setting up the plot and characters, as well as the worldbuilding - plus it robs the player of a lot of agency in 3 w.r.t stuff that has to be set in motion in 1. Two kind of stands on its own OK, but 3 falls on its face without 1.

Skipping ME1 results in a significantly lesser experience with the other games, especially 3. *Especially* with the legendary edition smoothing over the rough edges, skipping it because it's dated isn't an excuse any more.
                    [deleted]
                        ME2 is the least necessary. Nothing actually happens in the main plotline, it's just a big character building excercise. Don't get me wrong I love ME2, but ME1 is way more important to the story.
                    While mass effect 2 is by far a better game then mass effect 1 I wouldn’t say 1 is worth skipping by any means, it’s definitely not as smooth as 2 or 3 with the gameplay but I still had a great time with it and it was enough to get me hooked on the series.
            Dang, you went all in with Ori. Absolutely loved it, but that could have been the end right then and there for someone completely new to gaming. Nice that it worked out.

Also, Stardew Valley is a superb choice!
                It was their choice! They really wanted to play it because it's so pretty
            I would also suggest  Horizon: Zero Dawn after Mass Effect.

And if you want to test your relationship, Overcooked.
                Ohh HZD is a great shout actually. Never played it personally (yet) but it seems a lot like the Tomb Raiders (which are now their favourites). 5 years of ldr and i still don't want to push it with overcooked. I know a couple that broke up because of that game hahaha
                    Are they non binary or do you just use "their" as a pronoun? It sounds so strikingly odd to me
    Built my first gaming pc to play the orange box. Portal was my introduction to keyboard and mouse controls.
    I had my wife start with portal to learn to play 7 days to die. It worked well
        That's a pretty intense step up, 7 Days to Die is just a few steps shy of Dark Souls and Elite Dangerous in terms of absolute beginner-friendliness lol
    How? This game literally requires you to catch things in the air while you come out of portals at high speed that change your perspective? You guys are completely blinded by your own enjoyment of the game in saying its a good game for a noob to kbm. 

Slime rancher is a much better option for getting people used to first person mouse movement.
        Portal was my first PC game. The difficulty ramps up at a reasonable pace, so there is enough time to figure out the mechanics. The portals aren't a kbm issue, they're a 3d thinking issue.
            > The portals aren't a kbm issue, they're a 3d thinking issue.

True, but OP asked if it was a good game for someone new to video games in general, not just new to kb+m. 

3D thinking and controlling takes a lot of learning. I've watched adults play FPS games when they never have before. It isn't pretty, it's like watching a baby trying to learn how to walk without the cuteness
                And portal isn't an FPS. It guides players into the control scheme. It's a puzzle game first and foremost.
        You don't have to do that till like halfway through the game though
        Obstacles breed growth, I feel like the game does a good job leading up to it. The hardest part of kbm is learning to walk while looking around.
        I can vouch for slime rancher because that's the game my gf suggested she wanted to play. She got the hang of it pretty quick with the movement nad shooting mechanics. The only thing that threw her off were the polluted slime that just kept getting bigger.

My next game for her will be Subnautica so she get used to mouse movements in all sorts of orientations.
        Portal slowly builds up idea one on top of the other, it's a very good learning experience. Especially portal 2 co-op.
        It's progressive. I beat this game on a controller, I think somebody would have no problem figuring out out on M&K.
        Yeah, also that momentum jump is definitely not easy for new KBM user. Will be super frustrating to pull it off.
        Those parts actually seem harder than they are. The game makes you auto-grab the cubes when you fly into them on certain levels.
    >kbm

?
        kbm = **k**ey**b**oard & **m**ouse
    I would also suggest Slime Rancher as a good introduction to FPS games. It's light on aiming requirements and is pretty addicting. It's also extremely adorable.
its great and id recommend it to basically everyone, but if youre new you should play portal 1 first. altho if your goal is coop, your only choice is 2
    I've seen gameplay of both Portals before so I'm familiar with the whole idea of how the game works, but I want to have my new-to-gaming friend try playing co-op with me, so do you think that he'd be able to pick up the controls and the whole idea of the game pretty quickly?
        the game isnt that complicated. worst case get your friend to play through the first level or 2 of the singleplayer mode. it has a tutorial, and its a pretty good one
            > isnt that complicated

This makes me feel so dumb because there are some parts in the later levels of 2 that made me want to smash my head into my wall. Some of the puzzles require insane good timing
                Not complicated isn't the same as easy, and I think he was talking more about the concept/ controls which are pretty intuitive
                Believe you are thinking of the first game, towards the end you need decent fps skills to quickly move portals around. Portal 2 all of the puzzles are pretty obvious (especially the coop ones are very dumbed down) and towards the end they just get you to play around with the gels instead of requiring fast reactions.
                i definitely remember needing to take a break cause i couldn't figure out a puzzle. i was more so talking about the controls and idea as that is what the other guy was asking about. wasd to move. right/left click for portal and e to interact. go through one portal, come out the other. i dont think thats that complicated
                My kid finished it when he was 6, if you want to feel worse
        Portal 1 is really short because it was part of The Orange Box, you can easily beat it in a few hours. That might allow him to go at his own pace to prepare him for the co-op of 2. Portal 1 is also easier imo because it's mostly just portals, the 2nd game adds a lot of new concepts like lasers, paint goo, tractor beams, etc.

Portal 2 also has a ton of great content on the workshop if you want to continue playing after you beat the game. Some of them are considerably harder than the base game though.
        Portal 2 is fun in multiplayer, it might be best for them to play a few of the single player levels to get some of the true basics down like walking. All dependant on how much they know about pc.

The coop does have in game tools to point at things which highlights certain objects or will leave a temporary marker. And a timer so you can sync things.

And assuming you're using voice chat out of game, you shouldnt have issues.
    I disagree. I'd never have played Portal 2 if I started with Portal 1. The second was so much better.

There's no good reason to start with the first one.
        story wise it makes sense to start wiht the first one. and the first one has less mechanics, making it simpler, which is good if youre new to games
            To someone that doesn't have the nostalgia of playing it years ago, the first one honestly isn't that good. Back in the day it was great, but rather they enjoy the game than force themselves to play the first one cause it's numbered as such.

You can start on the second one without needing any prior context. Yes, you'd see some carry over here and there, but it's honestly not important and such a small amount.

The game introduces all its mechanics in, so it honestly shouldn't be a problem. The friend is new to pc games, not dumb.



This is coming from someone that start on Portal 2, then went back to Portal 1. Portal 1 isn't half as good as the sequel.

Edit: either way, it's to play with a friend and Portal 1 has no coop. Try convince a new PC gamer to complete a single player experience before you'll play coop with them, it ain't gonna happen
                i played portal 1 and 2 for the first time like 5 years ago with 0 nostalgia and they were both still great
                    That's fair. Everyone has different opinions at the end of the day. I still stand by my recommendation as I don't think the first game adds much, and I'd rather they get the best experience their first time playing (since I think the sequel is better). You'd be surprised how many people might not enjoy the first game half as much as the second, leading them to never finish the first nor play the second.

Everyone is different though, so it depends on the person.
                        It's worth playing simply for "Still Alive" and the cake is a lie meme!
                            Haha, that's true
                        youre entitled to your opinion, but portal 1 does have a 98% on steam, so I really dont think there are that many people that didnt like it
                I prefer the first one because I don’t like some of the puzzles in 2. Whereas I think 1 is just a non stop banger with a cool story too.  2 is ultimately the better game though thanks to the co op. Really changes the dynamic of the game
                They're both amazing games but even on replays I prefer the first one.  In the second one the writing is hilarious, but it also has a much lighter tone overall.
That'll depend largely on how quickly they can adapt to first person controls. I haven't played it since release but I recall the final levels of co-op need a fair degree of precision.

If they do need a more gentle introduction consider something more sandbox-y like Minecraft or Terraria.
The problem with these types of games is mouse literacy. If a person does not understand how the camera moves with the mouse they will have a bad time
    I'm kinda surprised everybody is pretty much saying "yes" to this question. I think Portal 2 would probably be a bit physically challenging to somebody that has no experience with videogames. That has nothing to do with the quality of the game, I just don't think somebody who just learned to read should jump straight into Tolstoy...
        It's probably one of the better first person games to learn mouselook
            It's better than many, but I actually did try to use it as an introduction to first person / mouse + keyboard games with an old girlfriend of mine and she had a really hard time with it.  Even things like looking around as you move were hard for her, and any of the many puzzles in the game that require precise timing weren't really doable or took a ton of attempts and frustration.  For a very beginner I think something like minecraft on peaceful mode is a better introduction to just get used to moving and looking around in first person.
                Yeah I can see how those quick acting sections can be rough for newbies
            It’s not though because you’re learning to look at move at the same time as you’re learning to think with portals. Learning two difficult skills at the same time isn’t ideal.
            Exactly. No pressure, no-one's shooting at you, it's not like Doom where you immediately have demons shirting on your cereal and you have to murder their ass, you start slow
                >no-one's shooting at you

[Am I a joke to you?](http://gadgetsin.com/uploads/2012/06/portal_2_turret_replica_1.jpg)
                    Are

you

still

there 

?
        Maybe if paired with Portal 1? Portal 1 is very light game that doesn't require much control for the most of the game. You can even see it as an intro to Portal 2 where the user can learn the basic mechanics of it.
        It takes a while before you are having to make portals while jumping and early on accuracy isn't really an issue.
    Indeed, I tried to get my GF into gaming with HL2 and Portal 2.

Terrible idea, she got incredibly frustrated being unable to even know which way she's moving. I pretty much ruined FPS for her.
I made my then-girlfriend who had never played ANY first-person game portal on my 27" monitor. After the first couple of rooms she got so nauseous she had to lay down for half an hour. It wasn't even the portals themselves doing it, it was first having a first-person perspective in the game.
    My girlfriend has the same issues. From what I know, there's no fix for this. Maybe you have found something that can help? I know the FOV can make people less nauseous, but it didn't help for my girlfriend. So, any other unorthodox methods?
        Try a smaller monitor or have them sit further away from it.
        I think its just getting used to it.

Its the same when people say that the first few times they try VR they get nauseous fast and need plenty of breaks, and 2 months later you see them zooming in that VR like they have been born with it.

Just human adapting to new stuff :P
It depends on how quickly he can pick up on the first person controls.
Honestly no, kinda weird seeing everybody jumping and saying yes.

Portal is an amazing game, good level design, good puzzles, no bugs, nice humor. There's no rush so you can take it slow without feeling overwhelmed by action and challenges.

But on the other hand, any game with camera control is NOT a good game for a newbie to gaming. Especially not a first person, and especially not something that requires you to navigate in a complex 3D environment with small rooms everywhere and especially not by using portals to bend reality.

It's a good game to practice 3d virtual space mapping with your brain, but for a absolute newvie to gaming, I would suggest something where you don't have to worry about the camera, there's ton of top-down or 2d platformer games that can be played in coop that would fit better.
    Stardew Valley -> Slime Rancher/Minecraft -> Portal 2 would probably be my process to get someone experienced with KBM
    The only way to learn first-person camera is to play a game with first-person camera. No amount of practicing other kinds of games will teach you how to think that way.

Portal 2 is a good choice because it starts slow and builds up slow and almost every level will allow you to go at your own speed. It's also good because it is written so well. There's incentive to learn to play because you want to keep exploring and hearing the story.

I learned how to play first-person games by playing No One Lives Forever and Jedi Knight 2 and I had a pretty hard time with them because you have to actually shoot guys or you die. I died a lot. I still had fun. I think that anyone who plays Portal will enjoy it even if they're new to gaming.

I do agree that the co-op for Portal 2 isn't a great place to start though. It is designed for you to play it after having finished the solo campaign and expects you to understand mechanics that are taught there.
You would have some trouble if you’ve played no video games and/or are not used to keyboard+mouse. 
FYI an Xbox one/s/x/ss/sx controller plugs right in… I use a wireless PlayStation 4 controller on my PC.
If you are patient with him then sure. But if you are not a patient person then no.
    Hahaha well he is much smarter than me when it comes to puzzles and stuff and I'm a pretty patient person, so I think it could work, thanks!
        Then give it a go. Really good co-op game you two should have fun then!
Start with 1, it eases you into the controls a bit better than 2.
Portal 1 would be better then 2
I'm not sure if going straight to coop is a good idea. It kinda assumes you finished fhe Portal 2 campaign first. And if you're gonna play Portal 2, you might as well play Portal 1 first. Portal 1 is a shorter game and introduces mechanics that are reused in Portal 2.

So it's best to do: Portal 1 campaign -> Portal 2 campaign -> Portal 2 official coop -> Portal 2 fanmade coop maps from the Steam Workshop
play portal 1 first
Amazing games. Get both and enjoy!
It is sacrilege not to play portal.  Heathen.
Recommend you play the first one, too
Your friend should start playing single player first. That one has a good tutorial.
Yes and no. It’s a great game but it depends on how much patience you have because it is a puzzle game. I tried to get my gf to play it when I got her into games and she hated it because I had to help her a lot when she first started playing it. Never gave it another chance after that.
    Right on, I'm pretty patient for sure but I'll make sure to ask if he's interested in such a game, thanks for the response!
        I’m someone who is *not* into most puzzles since I’m not good at them but I still really enjoyed Portal 2. There were a couple part I got stuck on and frustrated and ended up looking up YouTube videos for solution but otherwise I don’t think it’s excessively challenging.
I would be surprised if a complete beginner in gaming could beat Portal 1 or Portal 2 without looking up anything in a guide. And doing so for me would remove half the fun, the enjoyment is figuring out those puzzles yourself.
    What does the difficulty of the puzzles have to do with the controls?
        Some of the puzzles require timing and some measured actions and reactions. You have to be marginally comfortable with the controls.
    Oh for sure! That's why we're going to play co-op Portal 2 together sometime soon and try to figure them out on our own!
it is probably the best game for a newbie, but maybe try portal 1 first
One thing to consider is that anyone who has never played a video game will have a hard time at first to move around in 3D Space.

Its such an intuitive aspect for us gamers but the correlation between mouse and camera movement + position in 3D space is something that does not come naturally. It has to be learned.
please play portal 1 first. you'll love how it evolves into portal 2.
Play portal one first please for the love of god
Why would you not play the first
Why not play the first Portal in that case?
I'd play Portal 1 first if you haven't already.
Play portal 1 first. It's 4 hours long and eases you in better
Single player yes, coop is a hard NO. It's a relationship destroyer
No.






You need to play portal 1 first. They are both amazing Games
I suppose so, but it's worth playing the first Portal game first if possible.
Maybe suggest trying Portal one first. The game is really really short and is perfect for someone brand new to this and is like an extended tutorial
Play portal 1 first!
Play portal 1 first
Just start easy and learn Starcraft 2... kappa
The first person perspective may be a problem. I have seen new gamers struggle with the concept of moving the characters viewpoint independently of travel direction. They tend to spend the entire game looking at floor or ceiling. I generally recommend Minecraft in creative mode first to learn fps controls.
You can attach a controller to play portal which might make it easier. For newer pc gamers (myself included)
portal 1 and 2.. and now reloaded! theres a ton to enjoy!
I would recommend you plying minecraft for starters if you are into it, it makes a great habbit of taking care of your progress and you always have something to do, your creativity is the limit
Should be good. But some people that aren't used to gaming and first person camera can get motion sickness. If that's a problem portal might not be the best choice with the perspective changes and all.
I'd start a newbie with a Telltale game if they like watching shows. Super easy, engaging, and slowly works up the motor functions of a game. Most new players don't understand WASD, let alone an FPS game like Portal.
Yes absolutely.

But I would suggest buying Portal 1, that was if he likes it he's not spoiled of the story by the 2 (which rely heavily on the 1 for its story).
My ex gf had motion sickness while playing portal. So, be careful. Sometimes it is not a good idea to start to gaming with Valve games.
Only if you play portal first.
You should 100% get the portal bundle on sale, it’s like $1 or $2. I love the portal games so much, definitely one of my favorite games.
Portal 2 was the first video game I ever played, about 2 years ago! Turns out, I love puzzle games so I loved it. Also, Portal 2 is a better intro to gaming than the og Portal. Lasers > those energy ball things. It was hard, because there’s a lot of things that gamers understand inherently that I was learning for the first time (video game design conventions, mental maps of virtual 3D spaces, movement, aiming, knowing if I was on the “right path”), but I loved it. Also the internet existed, if I was ever truly stuck. 

If you are experienced and your friend is not, please don’t get frustrated or be mean when they struggle. Because you *do* understand all things, and they might seem obvious to you, but they are actually learned things, that develop over time with video games, so be patient.
    Thank you a lot for the descriptive response :)

I will definitely go easy on my friend, I mean he's brand new to PC gaming, it just wouldn't make any sense to be mean to him, plus I'm a patient person in general!

But I definitely have to try it now, thanks again!
Yes and it is a fantastic experience that anyone should owe it to themselves to play
first person games are generally easier than 3rd person for newbies yes. it is fun but don't count on them for help in figuring out the puzzles
I feel like it is a great intro to controls. Mostly low pressure while gradually building up what is expected of you.
Absolutely, and they're excellent games to boot. Plenty of no-pressure time to practice mechanics, a calming atmosphere for the most part, and it has relatively simple concepts introduced and consistently reinforced throughout the game in preparation for tougher puzzles. As long as you understand you'll need timing for some puzzles and you can put a box on a button, you have everything you need to start. Take your time, explore, and have fun.
    Also, I would definitely play Portal 1 on your own first. It's short, since it was a part of the Orange Box collection, and wasn't a headliner between the other games. It takes about 4 hours I'd say for a first run, depending on how long the later puzzles stump you. And you're definitely going to want the context

There's also a web comic that takes place in between the games, about 20 pages worth. Not vital, but it answers some questions you'll have from the first game and bridges the gap nicely, with further references in the second game.
I think you should play Portal first but yes, it's an amazing game and a great intro to gaming as a whole
No. NO NO NO NO NO.
No, not really. It can be jarring and easily give you motion sickness.
I'd say so. There's not much that's fast paced or action based and most of the gameplay is puzzle oriented. Plus it's just an amazing game.
Portal is a weird game. On one hand it presents itself like some kind of amazing puzzle game. On the other hand, some of the levels are completely void of any actual logic, and it's just a matter of fucking around until you get through it. I'm not a big fan of trial and error, so I lose patience/interest in games like that really quickly.
Yes! It was my first
Yes!!! Play 1 first because they are both excellent
I started my gf out with overwatch as her first video game a few years ago. Worst possible choice ever, I know. She’s doin alright now. But addicted to stardew.
Heavy Rain was decently accessible due to its simple controls and relatable movie-like atmosphere.
God no. You have to start with the original pong then play every game in order that was created. Only then will you have the experience necessary to play portal 2.
Try rainbow six siege
Yup, it's a great start. What ever basics your friend might miss you'll get right away, it's really quite intuitive. The puzzles are based around simple concepts with increasingly complex applications, but a solid dose of cooperation will see you through just fine, regardless of experience.
For controls, totally, its a very simple game in that regard. He just has to be in the mindset that its nothing but puzzles, dont listen to people saying that he wont do well because hes new to gaming. Thats a bit insulting to his intelligence, if he likes puzzles irl he will like Portal. The difficulty of the game itself has nothing to do with him being new to video game controls.
Yep! Portal doesn't require much mechanical skill, since it's mostly a puzzle game :)
10000000% dude made this post because the game is known for this. le karma farm
Very much yes
Yes. I would say any game made by VLVE is worth trying. Even the old half life games… one of my favourite childhood games
I think Portal 2 is a great game for PC beginner. There's no intense moment which require fast reaction that require you to remember which button is the attack button and such, so I will say this is pretty beginner friendly.
Portal 2 is a wonderful game for someone new to gaming. In fact it’s my favorite game and I consider it the best of all time. But it’ll be more fun if you play portal 1. It only takes like 3-5 hours to beat, even better for people new to gaming, and portal 2 is just more fun if you’ve played portal 1 and kinda have an understanding of the lore.
When I was dating my now wife in college, portal 1 was the first video game she ever played. Yes, this is a very good first choice.
incredible game to start with, yes yes and yes
i misread this as postal 2 lol
Portal 2 is one of those games where it seems like it’s extremely rare that someone who pc games hasn’t played it. Like its a given or something.

That being said, yes. Absolutely. Buy it yesterday
Portal 2 got me back into PC gaming.
Oh yes
Portal 2 is the exact sort of game I would recommend to newbies. I started playing games with Portal 2. It's funny, it's fun, it's not that hard, the graphics are pretty good, it's well-written as all Valve games are. The co-op is amazing as well.
Its fuckingamazing
portal 2 is the first game Ive ever finished and it was awesome :) so go ahead
My newbie just said yes
I dom't see a reason why its bad , it reaches you how to move in the beginning of the game
Yeah it's so easy but it will need some thinking to get through it
if you aren’t good at puzzles you shouldnt play puzzle games, i had to refund a lot of games because i overestimated myself
I wish i had a gamer gf...
NO, its terrilbe because every game following will be soulless and dull
100%. It's one of the definitive PC gaming experiences, in no small part because it's so intuitive to simply pick up and play.
Yes it’s perfect. Funny, easy to grasp, but a good challenge, it’s a lot of fun!
Yes. Have fun it's a great experience
Absolutely, it takes everything super slowly and allows you to dink around and figure stuff out before putting in any threat. The multiplayer is fun for both parties and rewards cooperation (and let's you kill each other if you want ;) ). If you run through the main game I would recommend playing portal 1 first as the story does directly (kinda) take place after the first game. Both games and the multiplayer have amazing gameplay, puzzles, and duologue/story. It was one of the first games I played with my girlfriend to get her into gaming and it allows you to help the other player quite a bit. If the long rant praising portal and the tattoo on my body are any indication, portal is pretty awesome.
Yeah but I highly recommend starting out with Portal (one) first, as there's a lot of story you'll miss out on if you don't.
Yes bc it has minimal to do with gameplay mechanics and a lot to do with awesomely creative puzzle solving.
Yes. Only if you got the brains for it though
I'm confused are the new to gaming or PC gaming
Somone made a [vdeo](https://youtu.be/IvC9g_6W7_0) about his mom experience playing Portal 2. Sghe struggled in the part where it requie some keyboard to mouse coordination
Yes, it is. It would get you started in PC games in particular. Have fun!
This is one of the best coOp games I have ever played and was way more fun with another person. Highly recommended for everyone. It’s not frantic like most first persons and most levels let you take your time.
Yes. Also you can consider starting with Portal. Both are extraordinary games and can be enjoyed as a first gaming experience.
It is a disorienting, often-funny, often-unsettling, brain-wracking puzzle romp.

And that doesn’t at all do it justice — it’s a classic that is worth every moment of your time.
Definitely a good game for them. Nothing like rocketing your friend into a wall at warp speed while completing puzzles.
Man..

Now I want to play portal 2. Its been years. Guess I know what I'm installing later.
My wife why hates video games loves Portal 2
Yes it is one of the best examples of PC gaming of all time, enjoy :-)
Yes, absolutely better than a first person shooter game!
The game is very good! Just beware that some people might be dizzy while playing it. I completed all the games but i can't really play more than 30 minutes at a time or sometimes even 15 minutes.
It's been said a million times in here already. But yeah, Portal is the franchise you go to when you want to try *any* new control input or introduce someone to gaming. Both of the games are exceptionally great at guiding new players
yes, you can really take the game at your own pace.  its not until later in the game, once youve learned the mechanics to get that far, that you sometime have to git gud as it were.
My favorite game ever. PLEASE PLAY IT!
I would say portal 1 is the best game ever for someone to start gaming
It's an excelent game to start, but I'd recommend playing the singleplayer campaign first, coop would be waaaay to hard for you if you've never played before
It threw me for a loop a few times on some later missions. I hated the gels.
I started with Portal and Borderlands 2 for PC gaming! Borderlands 2 is also a good co-op game but make sure it's at his pace because I had my boyfriend speedrun the game and I had trouble keeping up. We worked it out in the end, me doing singleplayer once in a while and him slowing down for me to fool around.
Superliminal would also be a wonderfull game to consider, sadly, it's not coop. But if you and him like portal 2, you should give it a try, it's not a very long game and the puzzles aren't that hard, but the mecanic to solve them is amazing.
Got my girlfriend to play it about a week ago and she enjoyed it, she doesn't play fps games at all but she still enjoyed it
Portals 1 and 2 were my first successful introductions to first person gaming. I would absolutely recommend both for new gamers. However, I will sat that I still tend to prefer platformers and puzzle games so my experience may be somewhat biased since it is already my preferred genre. 

My best suggestion, would be to watch a variety of streams or recordings of other people playing games and then see what types of games they want to play. 

If they like portal, they may also be interested in the Stanley parable. I've recently been enjoying subnautica and it's emphasis on exploration and construction over combat.
Great game but start with part 1 first.
Yes, 100%. It's probably what I would recommend if asked.
I suggest playing portal 1 first. The first one is like 2 hours but it's worth it
I would also recommend It Takes Two as a fun co op game.  It's a little more geared toward couples, but it's still a ton of fun with a good story.

But yeah, Portal 1 and 2 are fantastic.
Yes. It's fantastic, in every way.
Absolutely. It will test your puzzle solving skills much more than it will your ability as a gamer. Good introduction into modern FPS controls as well.  Im pretty sure there is no combat or time limits at all. Its also one of the greatest games of all time (even better if you play co-op with a friend).
Portal 2 was my first steam game and proper computer game after Minecraft. 100% the best to learn from. Great game. Enjoy!
You may be overthinking this just fucking play
Half Life 2 is also great
Portal 2 is a masterpiece..

5 years ago i was on a interview and the guy asked me if i am a gamer and what are my favorite video games, i said i have a lot but portal 2 should be the first one.. and he looked at me in a weird way and said to me: i never heard of that game but i thought you are going to say assassins creed or something..
and never got that job, it was for IT store :)
Portal was the first game my GF played on the PC that she enjoyed. She has also enjoyed Rocket league and Overcooked has probably been her favorite. Thought Overcooked would be lame, but got it free from epic and it's been an absolute blast to play together. We're currently going through Overcooked 2 now after finally full clearing the first one.

We play against each other in rocket league. I play driving backwards now and she will usually beat me. If I play driving normal the skill difference is just way too huge and she doesn't enjoy it.
HELL YES. It's one of the only few games that my non-gamer friends were captivated by.
Yep, but it will be difficult for them to understand all the different ways you can view a problem in a game.  For instance, and orange railing in a room full of other things can be used to indicate where to go next.  Someone completely 
new would have no clue that there are hints like that.
Man, I wish I could go back and play them both for the first time again.
It sure is. Its a nice way to learn fps controls and you can run it well on most anything. Its also just installed fun and the story is interesting and the writing is HILARIOUS
If they have a basic understanding of how gravity works then I’d say it’s a fantastic start! The game can be puzzling, but is straightforward from a physics standpoint.
Yes. Play 1 first if you can. Story does link I little and was easier.

Then play 2

Then portal reloaded
My first KBM games were Witcher 3 and Fallout 4, definitely pretty advanced games for first time KBM users lol
I think portal 1 is better to start with but yep. My wife played portal 1 and loved it. She had never played a video game before aside from like Mario kart on n64 back in the day
Yes, though there are very few games that use a similar puzzle mechanic. It is a good place to start to get familiarized with FPS and navigating a 3D world. For the most part, you can play the game at your own pace.

&#x200B;

Protip: find a friend or couch potato to play with, preferably someone who has never played it, or someone who understands that you need to solve the puzzle not just be told wat do.
That was my first PC game! Definitely a good one to start!
Great way to introduce people to 3D environments, first person controls, and being able to listen to what a game tells you to do.

Especially good because you are never rushed in either game. There's no time limit to how long you have until you fail.
Portal 2 was the first xbox game I ever played on orange box with TF2. Definitely a good way to start :)
I let my 9 year old play it and he thoroughly enjoyed it. Sometimes the puzzles were a little challenging for him and he’d ask for my help.
Assuming you have some concept of 3d space, yes. My mom couldn't seem to map the 2d screen into a traversable environment.
Very good game I loved it 
I’d say it was the first “true” game I played and I still replay it often
Yes. I'm so excited you get to play this game for the first time, you're going to have so much fun.
I’d play the first one
I thought so. 

For my wife and daughter to try it.

They were literacy crying. 

Not sure why. They could play super Mario.
Yes.  I played this one with my girlfriend.  Also, I would also suggest Stardew Valley and Divinity: Original Sin 2 for other co-op games that pretty different but still lots of fun for people new to gaming in general.
Great gameplay. Great storyline. Great characters. You can have a lot of fun even without solving the puzzles once you get all your upgrades.
First game I ever bought. Best decision I ever made.
If you can, convince him to try out Portal 1 first, or alongsideyour coop game with him. It is pretty lightweight and serves as a standalone intro to Portal 2, though it is a masterpiece in its own right.
Portal 2 is a fantastic game for newbs because it relies more on mental puzzles and problem solving than having quick reflexes or skills with the controller itself. 

Also, if you get stuck on any particular level there’s always guides online but definitely give em a solid try before hand as it’s much more rewarding. Good luck
Good? It's perfect. Might ruin you a but because there is a lot of crap games out there.
I would start with portal 1, its really fun and 2 only builds on it.
Yes. But I'd recommend starting with portal 1.
Play portal 1 first
Portal and Portal 2 are great. They are TIMELESS as no one can ever redo that concept. They perfected it and that will forever be the only way to play it.
dude, it's gonna blow you're mind to pieces. Can't recommend the game enough
I'd say he should play Portal 1 first, much shorter story wise and better for learning controls.
Yeah, used it to try and teach my dad how to play video games
You may as well play through portal one first to get the story.  It has to be pretty cheap on steam or maybe theres a portal bundle.
My all time favorite game and always my go to recommendation for new pc players
Sure. It teaches you about controling a character with twin thumbsticks in first person, which can be really weird at first. And it's in an environment where you aren't getting shot at all the time.
Absolutely. The game was one of my first forays into what I considered “modern” gaming after having only played SNES/GBA era RPGs. I remember being so shocked to learn that physics worked well in these kinds of games. It’s a fun way to think differently.
Yes. Great story also! But if it was me, I'd try with portal 1 first.
I think it actually is. There isn't a lot of platforming or point and shoot type stuff in the game. And when there is, it's more of letting you get to it instead of you failing and having to try again. It's one of the best games ever made, period. You owe it to yourself to play the game. It's fantastic. The voice acting alone is probably the best in any game I've played. And the puzzles are top notch. Just play it.
Yes - Portal 1 and 2 where the first games I played on pc.
Half life one black mess would be a great game to play after it, puzzle solving and shooting primarily.
Portal 1 is only 3 or 4 hours long so I'd definitely recommend playing that one before playing portal 2 together!

But yes the multiplayer is great. The controls will be the biggest thing that could be a challenge for your friend, just because there are times when you have to be quick and well-orientated and such. Playing portal 1 would definitely help with that actually
You're going to be disappointed by every other game you play after.
Play portal one then 2
Def play with a friend
Get the valve complete bundle. It's only like 11$ on sales so wait for the summer sale that should start in around a month. Portal, portal 2, hl1, 2, 2e1, 2e2 are PC classics,
Play portal 1 first. You'll love it, and it'll show you the ropes better. Best of luck!
Even my mom can play portal 2. So you should be fine
Tell us when you get to the part about the lemons.
"a way out" is a great coop experience! It's meant to be played on a couch, but can be played online, too :)

Only one person needs to buy it, even for online
Its really great! I like it
Perfect for that, IMO. I was looking for a co-op game to play with my non-gamer partner whilst we were both stuck at home self-isolating over New Year. It was a great game for him to get used to first-person and M&K controls.

He still plays the community content now!
Portal 1&2 we're the first first person games I ever beat, and I didn't play first person games until I was 16. I played portal 1 with a controller first at a friend's place, then a few months later I got steam (which I didn't know was free at the time) and bought both games on pc in a bundle, after playing both of those, I played team fortress 2, sucked at it, and got into Minecraft. A few years later, I got overwatch. It too three years and a couple computer upgrades later for me to actually be an accurate aim, but I still had fun along the way.

In other words, portal games are a good place to start, then just play whatever is fun, your aim and awareness will improve in time. GLHF! (Good Luck Have Fun!)
I also recommend “it takes two”

It’s easy enough for pretty much anyone to pick up, but it grows more complex as time goes on to present a challenge. Most importantly, while the game is pretty diverse in mechanics, it never throws more than one or two at you at a time, keeping it from ever becoming overbearing. And best of all it’s pretty fun and has some genuine life advice.
Definitely, It'll help a lot with getting the hang of moving both the character and the camera in a first person game. It's a low stakes setting and the puzzles are very rewarding
absolutely great game, definitely buy it.
Portal series is great in general! It takes 2 is another good coop game that my friends and I have really enjoyed and only one of you need to own it and invite the other to play
Far from Portal 2 but does your friend like the survival genre? If so I'd recommend Raft as an ease into pc survival and then 7 days to die. Me and a buddy new to pc did this and now he's a full on pc master (in his own mind).

Brawlhalla and Stick game are both fun quick pvp games if you fancy a bit of pvp.
Portal is great for intro to first person views (and has the added benefit of being a puzzle game), with Portal 2 adding a bit more complexity over 1 with the 2 player/2 character mode as well. 

Another one I find is great for learning controls and the like (depending on what system you are on) is actually Slime Rancher (with the added bonus of cute Slimes).

I know for mine and my brothers, out intros to games were Digimon Rumble Arena (I actually still have a copy),  and for me personally the Spyro series on Playstation and the newer series on Playstation 2 (the one with Cinder in it).

Then we did a bunch of Wii games, which are super simple for some games (looking at you Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort) and for others can be a bit complex (I personally love how they did LoZ: Twlight Princess on it).

And i know I got my intro into more major Xbox games with Skyrim (which is a pretty good starting RPG , as I found out for my brothers; only problem was explaining the entire rest of the storyline to them from the past games) and the Mass Effect trilogy (and for anyone who's gonna ask: yes I got Legendary Edition! Currently about to put down Kai Leng in 3), and for PC I started with World of Warcraft back in Cataclysm and then started again in college with my now fiancé (and while Legion was ok to start with, the ending segments of it and Warlords of Draenor before it just killed it for me and my fiancé, so now we just watch Youtube videos to keep up with the story).

TL;DR: there's all kinds of games that are great to start out with, but it can heavily depend on what type of platform you're playing on and what types of games you're interested in.
It's a good way to introduce someone to KB/M controls for FPS games because its not combat focused so there isn't the pressure that comes with having to react to attacks frequently and you can go at your own pace as you get comfortable. The puzzles are fun too, they engage your brain and can help you learn "video game language" if you're completely new to video games as a whole. [This video and his series is IMO brilliant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax7f3JZJHSw), he basically has his wife who hasn't grown up playing games play them for the first time and observes how trivial things that gamers would instantly understand with little explanation are actually really difficult to understand for new gamers
Has he played games before though?
Its definitely is the game you two want to try.
I'm fairly new PC gamer and I decided to play the classic valve games, they do have older graphics but I don't regret playing them, they are truly amazing games.
Not just a good game.

One of the *best* games.
As everyone else has said, Portal 2 is a great co-op experience (and the single player stories are also very highly recommended if you have fun with the co-op)

Just wanted to add a couple of other suggestions since my gaming buddies and I have been getting into co-op puzzlers a lot lately.

We Were Here:
This is a series of short co-op indie games. You play as a pair of explorers that enter a castle and get separated. Gameplay revolves around solving puzzles through communication as each player has to describe what they see to help the other solve their puzzles etc. Kind of like an escape room experience.
The first one is free to play so worth checking out.

There's also a new game coming out in a few days called Operation: Tango. Similar thing but one player is a spy infiltrating an area while the other provides assistance with alarms and cameras etc
Puzzle games to try:

Amnesia: Dark Decent (scary)

Superliminal (perspective fun)

Obduction (kinda demanding)

Nauticawl (pilot an alien mech)

Jazzpunk (comedy)

Antichamber (trippy puzzler)
Brilliant game for somebody new to gaming to be fair. It's quite a good way to learn movement and shooting in a literally zero risk environment. Just use the quick save before you do anything risky but any level can be completed in a few minutes if you know what you're doing so you never really lose any progress limiting frustration.
Yeah, but get the portal bundle and play portal 1 first it will make it make sense and it teaches you how to play properly
Yes Portal 2 is great, and I recommend: A way out and castle crashers. Simple and amazing coop games
Castle Crashers. Easy, 2-3 buttons game that you can win easily by farming and is a good intro to a newbie.
I played Portal 2 with my 8ish (at the time) year old daughter.

I played the first Portal, but not the second one, so I was unfamiliar with the puzzles. We had a great time. We spent the whole week playing it, she was using an Xbox controller which I think really helped her, I was using keyboard and mouse. Unfortunately we didn't beat it and then we both forgot about it the next time we saw eachother. Probably because we were at Disney World lol
oh yeah, my classmate who never played any game started with portal when she wanted to try them
I've been playing games for 20 years and Portal 2 is one of the only three I would consider perfect, and among them is the one theres less argument against. So yea, absolutely go for it
I’d play portal 1 first, you don’t have to play it to enjoy portal 2, but the jokes and the story are so much better if you know the history of GladOS’ beef with Chell.
Portal 1 is the first game my dad (then I'm his 50s) played because I got a free copy weekend I bought Portal 2. He has since played dozens of other games ranging from indie puzzlers or hardcore FPSes. I'd definitely recommend it as a starter game.
It depends on the person. I don’t like Portal games at all. There’s no game for everyone.
I recommend playing Portal 2 solo before playing it co-op. It's not a necessity but it does have mechanics that you are expected to know from having played the main game.
I mistakenly read this as Postal 2 and thought oh boy, are you in for a janky but enjoyable ride.
Play 1 then 2
My then-gf-now-wife played both portal 1 and 2 when we got together (because I loved them so much and wanted to share that) while she had no gaming experience at all except for the sims. 

While she was a bit slower to pick things up, because she wasn't familiar with fps mechanics, she loved the games and had no problems finishing them.
I'd say so, it's mainly a puzzle game broken up with really fun theatrics
Yeah its just a puzzle game
Don't forget to try the community made levels. Some are so good that it like it own story in the game.
Portal 1 and 2  were my first ever games after minecraft.  I love them.
It definitely is. But if you’re not used to think with portals, play Portal 1 first, it’s one of the if not the best game at teaching you their unique system.
My wife absolutely cannot play first person games like that on PC. She does play World of Warcraft (quests, professions—no dungeon content), Tetris, hidden object games (Bejeweled like), but she cannot coordinate first person controls that require precise timing and movement. 

I’d start your friend on the PC version of Limbo, Inside, or Little Nightmares. Those games have puzzles, but the keyboard controls are dead simple and the perspective is easier to understand. Once he gets the hang of using a keyboard, then I’d try Portal.
I would recommend paint the first Portal beforehand. It's a fun game and very quick. You could easily finish it in an afternoon.
If they're completely new it might be tough not because of the game itself but I tried to get my ex into it and she just got motion sickness.
At least start with the first game, Portal 2 is a sequel for a reason.
Portal 2 is not the perfect game, but it's damn close. You're gonna love it man!
You could start with a platformer coop like broforce maybe as someone who never played a game probably will have hard time using mouse and keyboard in FPS environment.
Sorry, you would need at least 10 years mlg experience to play that.
I think so, my girlfriend with basically no gaming experience finished Portal 1, but the second is harder cause they add new mechanics and stuff
Play the first portal game before playing the second
It was my first ever pc game and got me into gaming, 100% yes a brilliant game and experience.
It’s fantastic. Play it. Play 1 first if you can.
Mine craft too!!
It depends on how much patience you have. It's a co-op puzzle game so it will be testing at the best of times. You might not want to inadvertently discourage your friend from playing with you as they would associate learning how to play with your own frustration.

I'd recommend something like Minecraft instead, where the stakes are much lower and most death can be laughed off rather than a frustrating block to progression.
They are awesome! Also, Portal 1 are also a turning point in the video game history. It was the first time where the physics engine was really used in the core mechanism of the game. Not just as an embellishing with soda cans you can throw. I would recommend starting with Portal 1 first then 2. They have a story you might enjoy following.
Dark souls is absolutely good game for an absolute newbie to gaming. You defenetly should try it.
No it’s not!  

Portal 2 requires you to solve pretty complex puzzles in 3D space, using non-intuitive physics that our brains aren’t evolved for.  

It’s fun, but not for beginners.  

You want something where the world is straightforward, so you can practice the controls, and learn to orient in 3D space without the use of your inner ear.  

I recommend Minecraft as a good beginner game. It’s low pressure meaning you’ll have lots of moments to take your time, and it’s also straightforward in the sense that, if you see a tree over there, the most likely way to reach the tree is walking over there.
Both are great
I would recommend playing portal 1 first, it’s a pretty short and nice game. But you can start with portal 2 no problem, though you should always remember that it is a „one of a kind“ kind of game, so it’s hardly comparable to other games in general
Definitely, it was the first game I played and I loved it
Short answer - yes

Long answer - The cake is a lie
For a great puzzle game try the witness.... not co op tho
"Untitled Goose Game" is great fun for two players co-op. I have played it with a noob, and we were on voice chat laughing our arses off.   
[https://goose.game/](https://goose.game/)
Definitely! Very good introduction to the mechanics. More so than many other titles
Yes it's a fun game to get into! Although because of the story, I would recommend playing Portal 1 first.
I have similar doubt about bf1
Play Risk of Rain 2 coop
why would you play portal 2 without playing the first one
Play Portal before you play Portal 2.
Very much yes

Not a lot of skill, lots of brainpower, and good plot. Plus theres also a co-op campaign.
Still one of my top five favorite games after all of these years. Quality levels, quality characters. I’ve beaten it over and over, I do not care lmao. Enjoy it!!
I'd argue it's the ideal first PC game
Should play terraria :)
yes. portal / portal 2 are inherently based around 3d problem solving, and logical thinking.  

the main turnoff i see from people who would rather watch/indirectly experience a game is the need the execute fine motor control in a time window to meet whatever success criteria there is.

ie: a pvp game, you need to be faster than the person you're competing against, and make the correct decision, and the direct input.

portal is strictly the player vs the environment, removing the stress of a competitor.  
the need to make a correct decision remains, but its structured in a way that an incorrect decision does not have any real consequences. you simply try to perform the step again.

the windows of opportunity in portal are also reasonable for an average person without any physical disabilities. the standard reactionary window is going to be 2-3 second where you need to put down a portal in a semi precise area while an object is traveling in the air.

coming from a background with 0 experience, it might not be instantly achievable, but given a bit of failure to better understand the game, an able-bodied person should have no issues playing portal to completion.
I love Portal 2... until the last 5 levels. It's pretty fun and most levels you can figure out how to solve the puzzles and it's satisfying when you do but man those last 5 levels are just so tedious and there's no really reward for solving them other than to advance the plot. I usually just play until the last 5 levels and then hop on youtube for a let's play for the end game.
Play the first one before you play the second! It's only a couple of hours start to end and it really sets the scene!
I guess I'm late to this. But highly highly highly highly highly highly recommend portal 1 and 2.
One of my best friends finally wanted to get into gaming in his early 30s. I helped him build a computer and I wanted to set him up with a few great games to get used to the different types of games. To get him used to first person shooters with a very low stress factor I had him download Portal 1 and 2. He enjoyed them throughly. I highly recommend both portal games.
Game is a gem. Accessible mechanics, smart puzzle. Anyone can play it.
Absolutely, it’s a great game. And once he’s comfortable with playing on PC, he should play Portal 1 as well! You should too, it’s a neat game and pretty quick.
One of the top 5 PC games ever.
It's 10$, and what some would say is one of the most fun games ever made
Oh yeah
Portal 2 is pure
The series is actually known for being pretty great at teaching you what you need to know before progressing.

I think Portal 1 has an even gentler ramp-up of skills?

If you're not used to navigating in 3D that might be difficult, but I think the Portal games would be a pretty darn good way to learn it.

Definitely would recommend on just the enjoyability of the games as well.
Hell yes honestly I would recommend playing Portal 2 first then play Portal then play portal reloaded it's a mod for Portal 2 that adds a third portal that functions as a fourth dimensional device, makes for some interesting puzzles
Maaaaybe not, my ex girlfriend tried to play portal 2 co-op with me and she was completely and utterly confused and had a terrible time
Portal 2 will be good, but I’d recommend lego star wars the complete saga too, that’s really fun co-op game
It's super ok if you are confident with camera controls. Otherwise...
Portal was the very first game I played on my parents desktop. The portal series is the perfect newbie intro games, and my first steam game, both portals are still my favorites. #orangebox
Play the first one, it provides context for the second, but yes. My friend who was new to gaming played portal 1 and 2 and had a good simple time with it. So yes.
If possible I would recommend Portal 1 first. It’s very short. But if not, don’t sweat it. It doesn’t have coop but it’s incredible.
Only if you played portal 1
Portal is actually pretty good at teaching people basic game sense. Played it with my 6 year old neighbor and they were able to beat a couple levels with assistance.
Play portal before you play portal 2.
Portal 2 is great but if you havent played the first one I recommend starting there
If you're gonna care about the story at all you should play portal 1 first, but of you're doing only the co-op then Portal 2 is great.
No. Someone who never control character in first person usually will get dizzy, and don't know how to move, most of the time they will look to the ground or the ceiling while walking
YES
 And also  mods are pussy ass bitches
Portal 2 is my all time top 5 video games of all time. Design, atmosphere, story (as simple as it is). The game play and puzzles. Its a game for everyone. It holds up so well. They just released a fan made mod called Portal 2 reloaded that adds a 3rd Portal. Its great!
one of the best
Mouse and keyboard controls are often a challenge to beginners, and portal requires very quick reactions sometimes
Me and my 10 year old cooped portal 2 so far best game we have played together!
Yes. I gave my GF my old computer a little while ago and the first game I told her to play was portal 2.
I would say yes. 

But it depends. You say this guy is new to pc gaming but not gaming in general?

So maybe he has a good idea of what types of games he likes..

Personally i dont like puzzles games at all and because of that, i didnt enjoy portal very much. I still completed them for the humor/story but i have no plan on playing these games again ever. 

But they are generally liked and recommended games and so chances are your friend will enjoy them too.

Some like city builders or 4x strategy games

Some like fps action games and some like rpg games like baldurs gate or neverwinter nights
it will teach fundamentals of wasd and mouse aiming with very little in terms of negative repercussions
Portal 2 was like the first game I ever played, with my dad on an old Xbox 360 when I was 8. I highly recommend.
Portal 2 was the second game I ever played on PC. Helped me get spacial awareness and such in video games. Highly, highly recommend.
Portal 1 and 2 are the games I always recommend for new gamers or people who are new to using a keyboard and mouse for a game. They're extremely entertaining, the controls are simple and intuitive, you can go at your own pace (for the most part), solving puzzles isn't some skill unique to video games so the goal makes sense, and they're not very long games at all.
Play Portal 1 first.
Yes, 100%.  You should also treat yourself to the single player.  I also recommend totally accurate battlegrounds.
The Last of Us, Portal 1-2, Mario Bros, Legend of Zelda, Tekken or Mortal Kombat, Call of Duty, League of Legends, Minecraft, Stardew Valley

Is my current list of recommended games to new gamers.
It’ll get you used to fps controls without the constant fear you’ll be shot.
Honestly portal one is fun but you can jump right into portal two. Portal 2s story is so good
Id actually say its one of the best games to start with. Fun story, good gameplay, and creative puzzles.
No 
Portal ¹ first
Absolutely! When my wife and I started gaming I had her start with Halo and some pc gaming. She's highly uncoordinated, so I started her off with simple first person puzzle games. We stopped at Portal 1 mainly because she said it was too boring for her. But at this point she managed to use her m/kb properly and she knows how to move/aim with a controller! baby steps..
Portal 2 was the 1st ever PC game I bought and remains my second favourite game of all time. So I can say with confidence it’s a good starting point. :)
I gave my parents the game to play for an experiment I was doing. They found it quite difficult to understand the basics of the game let alone the puzzles. It was really interesting to see. Things that I thought just came natural just never clicked with them. I guess it depends how well you pick up on concepts. If it is really your first game, you may struggle with the mechanics of the game. However it may have been exclusive to my parents. That being said portal is a great game and I would love for you to experience it
Portal 2 is considered one of the best games ever made. It’s beautiful is so many ways.
I wish they would release a remastered version on consoles. A favorite of mine.
Yes. To an experienced gamer as well. 

It was actually the first game that I played with my friend after we finished building his first PC.
Portal 2 was one of the first PC games I ever played. It’s great for beginners and is so much fun. 10/10 would recommend
Portal 1 and 2 were some of the first single player PC games I ever played, and they were an amazing introduction. Definitely set the bar high, and it's still one of my favourite genres (single player story driven puzzle).
I play thru this game atleast once a year. Yes go for it the co op os fantastic, portal is wonderful.
 I really liked portal 1 but I also could only play a bit before getting motion sick for some reason
Yeah, they made Portal 2 a lot easier than the 1st because they’re data showed many players quitting before finishing the game, despite it not being very long.  This kinda ruined the game for me, but it makes it more approachable to a larger group of people.
Portal 2 was the first steam game i played and got me into computer games
Honestly, I recommend playing the first game first.

It doesn't have coop, but shouldn't take you very long to play through. Stuff that happens in it is very important to Portal 2.

Also, play through SP for Portal 2 first also if possible, as it will teach you things that you should know for Portal 2 coop.

Neither is strictly necessary to play and enjoy P2 coop, but you'll get more out of it if you play the first game and SP mode for P2 first.

If you do both, you'll be able to get into coop without worrying about your friend having to teach you how everything works as you go, and it will be more fun for both of you.
No, Portal 2 is a great game. Worth playing both in order though 1 doesn't have co-op.
Short answer: Yes.

Long answer: Yes, it definitely is.
Me and my buddy just got portal 2 to have a change of pace game. Definitely fun so far
Stardew Valley is a really fun and easy co-op game
No, they need to play Portal first.
Portal 2 is a great coop games. Far cry 5 has online coop as well
I don’t think so, they’re great games, but someone who doesn’t have a good grasp of the first person camera is gonna struggle
I read it as Postal 2 at first and ngl, was totally baffled
Portal 2 is one of the best games I've ever played. I'll recommend it to anyone. I also really loved the co-op campaign, it's harder but it's a lot of fun.
They are not good, they are mandatory.

But seriously, the first Portal is one of my all-time favourite games and the second has a brilliant co-op campaign. The single player campaign for 2 is damn good as well, with some great writing and voice acting. Just has a little more filler than the first (which was perfect IMO).
I recommend the 'we were here' franchise. It makes use of having to tell the other player what you should do, kinda like keep talking and nobody explodes.
If the person can get used to first person controls it should be good. Stardew valley is pretty popular with non gamers too so you might want to check that out. It has online multiplayer now too.
Yes, absolutely. Portal 2 is the game that made 12 year old me realize that video games could be art. I felt weirdly sad at the end because I wanted to experience it all again.
Sure is and might I suggest the We Were Here series if you're looking for more coop puzzle games.
Does the Tin-Man have a sheet metal cock??
Yes play the first one first
Yes, it has a very good progress from very very easy to pretty hard - even very hard for a beginner, so it should let you develop your skills naturally. And as an added bonus with a very interesting story at the same time.
Yes I believe so. It's one of the earlier games I played when I was getting into gaming. It's pretty easy to get the feel for the game, pretty easy to remember controls so on so forth. I think it's a solid game for a newbie.
I absolutely love the portal games, they are fantastic and I even introduced them to my kids when they were old enough...but, I played the original on pc, then my wife and I beat the second on console, and then again on pc, my problem is that I have a brain for these kinds of puzzle games while my wife destroys at FPS, I figured out every single puzzle much faster than her and even on replays I can remember the solutions pretty well once I’m back in the game. She says that it ruins the fun for her when I “just know” what to do rather than us working to figure it out.

Moral of the story: Know your audience and if you are an experienced player, hold back some and let the other take the lead.
Lemmy FTW!
    I wouldn't think portal has that high of a replay value once you know how to solve all the puzzles and have heard all the jokes (though a lot of them are still funny hearing them multiple times)
        Theres a lot of custom maps and puzzles that the community has made! They've even made practically new portal games..
            [Portal reloaded](https://youtu.be/xbdTO5xqCJA) is for sure one to check out, it adds a third portal that is based around the present and future.
                Thank you so much for bringing this game/mod to my attention. I just started playing and my god is it fun. I wasn't aware there were mods like this out there. Its a whole new game of portal to play!!
                    Portal Stories: Mel is also fantastic
                        Thank you, first reloaded, then Mel. Its like having a brand new portal game(s) to play. I am so excited!!
                            I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
                    In case you are also interested in other amazing mods/ games I can highly highly highly HIGHLY recommend Nehrim and Enderal. 
They are "total conversion mods" for Oblivion and Skyrim respectively. Entirely new world, new main story, new side quests, new combat/magic and progression systems, full PROFESSIONAL voice acting (in German and English. More languages supported as subtitles) with entirely new music and songs etc.. 
Amazing mods which are now a couple years old but are entirely different games... And they are free.
            > They've even made practically new portal games.

Portal Stories: Mel is my favourite among those
                Don't recommend it to anyone that dislikes it, when a puzzle game breaks it's conventional rules and gets very, very gimmicky.

Unless you have played other Portal mods that break the games' established puzzle mechanics before, you will almost certainly have to use a walkthrough at some point.

The first hour or so is fine, after that, it can quickly become annoying.
                Fuuuuck that one is so fucking hard, makes my brain hurt.
        Lemmy FTW!
            [deleted]
                Custom maps? No way it's the worst replay value when there are thousands of new and genuinely high quality maps you can play.
                    If you're playing new maps then you're not replaying the game, you're playing new content.
                        Which is a part of the game.. You're still playing Portal 2, just with community content. Opening up level creation to the community is a great way of adding replayability to a game.
                            But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
                                I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
        There are user created chambers and mechanics to jump to a random, well rated chamber every time.
    Usally when no new games are out, and I've run out of games to play portal is my go too.
        >and I've run out of games to play 

I haven't had this problem since around midv2000s where games were able to be bought for super cheap. Before that, games even used where always expensive and i only really ever had one game to play at a time back then. Now i have such a huge backlog that picking a new game to play becomes daunting and i just end up not playing anything
    I see what you did there! Can't run through only one portal, amarite?
First person games can be really hard for newbies, esp on controllers.  There is a learning curve in simply moving and looking that a lot of gamers forget about

Op if you try it, spend time customizing the sensitivity of your controller (this is possible in the menu of basically every modern game) you don't want to struggle with the very basics. 

I'd say Braid is a better puzzle game for new gamers. As mind bending as portal but its a platformer
This is brilliant, thank you for the YouTube channel suggestion! My eldest daughter (who has recently turned 5) is starting to get interested in daddy's Xbox (and not just for playing Disney DVDs) and I've been trying to help her learn 'gaming language' but it's a steep learning curve and she can find it very frustrating sometimes.

She likes the 'dog and little girl game' (Bolt, the movie tie-in game), the 'fun game' (Juju, a cutesy colourful platformer), the 'Ninja chicken game' (Ninjago, the Lego Movie game tie-in) and Halo (but only to run away from daddy and drive into him with the Warthog!). They're all co-op games (except for Bolt) so that we're working together towards a common goal, and we can goof off if she starts to get annoyed that she can't do a level.

So far, instead of teaching her how to play games skillfully and efficiently, I've been focusing on making them fun for her at all costs. So if there's a choice between beating a level or pushing daddy's character off a cliff over and over while I pretend to get angry I'll choose the latter every time, because it makes her laugh *so* much. I want to give her positive first impressions with videogames; my wife took pictures of us two playing together and the look on our faces is one of unbridled joy, so hopefully I'm doing a good job. 

Anyway again thanks for the YouTube video, I'll try and watch them all in my free time and apply any lessons they teach to helping my own little gamer, so she can learn how to experience and enjoy the wide world of videogames like I do :-)
    LEGO games on the whole are fairly chilled and fun games to play and learn with. The Spyro trilogy might also be something fun to pick up and play too! Not co-op, but it's bright, colourful, and has buckets of charm.
        I dunno, Spyro is pretty damn hard.
            later on sure, but the game does a really good job building a good foundation, it's very much designed with young kids in mind.
    You are most definitely doing a good job. As someone who was lucky enough to have something similar, these are the crucial links and happy memories that your kid’s gonna carry with them for the rest of your life. Keep being an awesome dad.
    Dad of 6 and 5 year old gamer girls here, my girls have alot of trouble with FPS games so I tend to shy away from trying to get into them their little hands just have trouble handling 2 joysticks AND buttons. They mostly play on the switch but you should pick up the Disney world game for your lil one its on xbox game pass if you have it its absolutely perfect for that age especially if they have been because its a recreation of the park. 

Their current favorite is Goat Simulator they has spent hours just goofing off in it I had to buy them the full DLC they like it so much. 

If you dont mind the blood Diablo 3 is also a great game for little ones, or minecraft dungeons though we prefer diablo.
    “So if there's a choice between beating a level or pushing daddy's character off a cliff over and over while I pretend to get angry I'll choose the latter every time, because it makes her laugh so much.”

I would probably try and temper that a little bit once she’s more comfortable with the games, because that kind of trolling can get really annoying in online play.
        She's five years old...
            Which is why I specifically said to try and temper it _later_
Totally true. I have dyspraxia (fine motor skills difficulties) and diminished spatial awareness, so fps games or even things like rocket league are nightmares for me to play. I still game, but things like turned based and map games are my preference. So, my most played games this year were civilisation on my computer and shattered pixel dungeon (a rogue like) and polytopia (a really fun civ like) on my phone.
Razbuten is great, I love his vids. Gaming for a non gamer particularly got me into watching him.
That *was* very interesting thanks for the share
That’s very true. 

I only noticed that some time ago when my girlfriend tried to play a FPS for the first time in her life. I was shocked at how confused she was by simply moving and looking in different directions with the mouse. I couldn’t even comprehend how hard it is for someone who never played it until I saw it with my own eyes.
    A good way to simulate this yourself is to try gaming with an odd mouse. I've only ever played with thumball mice, so running around a FPS with a regular mouse or controller is very jarring, and that's just a muscle memory disconnect, not being totally new to that control paradigm.
I went through the PS1 and PS2 eras without even knowing that L3 and R3 buttons exist.

IIRC, I only learned it later when I was setting up the controls for some emulator that you could press the analogue sticks.
That was a great video, and exactly how my mum played portal when I introduced her to it. I could've got her to fly a helicopter with better results
Portal games are actually really good for that.

Especially the first one, but the second is similar.

While they do use that control scheme, it's pretty much training wheels for it.

Aim and clicking is occasionally timed, but the fail state is almost never death. 

Things shoot at you, but you need to move out of the way and don't need to fire back.

You can take your time to do things, and it doesn't really require twitch movement, though there are some timing puzzles.

The Portal games are actually a really good way to get the basics of FPS mechanics down.
Rszbuten is awesome!
This makes me kinda sad. It really is hard to get into games if you didn't grow up playing them, and so many people are never going to experience how fun games are because of that. I'm sure a lot of us have boomer relatives who play solitaire for hours, and I'm sure it's mildly entertaining, but they are missing out on so much.
    It really doesnt take that long to figure out, especially if you have someone helping.

"O, L3 means click the left stick".

Never a problem again.
        That one is easy to solve if they have someone to help, but there is a lot of other stuff to learn, some of it not as simple as just knowing what button to press. I mean, boomers often have trouble with simple things like sending text messages, playing a game is a whole order of magnitude of complexity beyond that.
LOL that seals the deal right there
    Don't generalize it to all mums, my mom was unable to even cross doors. If your friend is significantly old, something 2d might be a better starting point.
    You don’t know their mum!
        this is the internet, we all know his mum.
            But not mine!
                Especially yours.
                    She actually knows the internet and its secrets
    Portal 2 and It Takes Two are the two best co-op games I can think of. Although, It Takes Two is a bit better for couples. I kiss all my bros goodnight, so up to you guys.
I had a junkie friend trying to quit drugs and going through withdrawals, and I was trying to help him out with some video games to pass the time, but he said he couldn't handle anything with adrenaline or quick reaction times like shooter games or racing games.  

So we tried Portal.  He absolutely loved it.  He said it was perfect because almost every level we could take it as slow as he needed to, there was never any pressure, just puzzle solving, but with fun jokes and a quirky robot to reward you after each puzzle.  It was the one game I had that he could actually enjoy, and it really helped.

The creepy scenes behind the wall paneling freaked him out a bit though.
    You need quick reaction in Portal, but only in very few puzzles. Most puzzles are just you looking around and thinking or trying things out. Overall, I think it's a well balanced game.

If you want adrenaline, try Tomb Raider. Both Portal 1&2 and some Tomb Raider pack are among the few games I have paid for on Steam. I would also recommend Bejeweled Deluxe and from what I've seen posted online I think Rocket League is worth buying (I bought it but I think I just don't like this kind of games).
    Spoiler alert, man!  Gosh! /s
That’s how I got my gf to try kbm, now she’s wanting to build her own rig.
    I got my partner into gaming by going Life is Strange > Ori > Stardew (coop) > Portal 1 > Portal 2 (coop)

Then they played the entire new tomb raider trilogy solo unprompted and woosh, new gamer. They want to try the Mass Effect trilogy next.
        [deleted]
            The legendary edition smooths things out once you disable the mouse acceleration
                How do you disable it?
                    Back in the day, config file edits. It appears to be the same. Set the INI then change it to readonly.
                [deleted]
                    It's not the mouse acceleration that pissed me off. It was the horrible mouse filtering baked into UE3. It makes it not respond to subtle inputs and your aim gets all floaty. And mouse deceleration. Faster you move, the less proportional it is. Horrible.
            To be honest though, you can get the full story impact even skipping ME1. I say this as someone who jumped straight to ME2 after several of my friends who played the first recommended I do so.


Edit: For everyone getting angry, I’m not saying to skip ME1. I’m just saying that you can absolutely skip ME1 and still really enjoy the trilogy. If you don’t import a game save when you start ME2 the game walks you through some of the major plot points and character introductions. It will even have you make decisions from ME1 so it knows how to setup your ME2 play through. Again not saying ME1 isn’t necessary. Just saying the trilogy can stand on its own without it. Plus not playing ME1 means you don’t have to grind out the same planet search with the Mako 1000 times.
                ...just no.
                No way. ME1 does a huge amount of legwork setting up the plot and characters, as well as the worldbuilding - plus it robs the player of a lot of agency in 3 w.r.t stuff that has to be set in motion in 1. Two kind of stands on its own OK, but 3 falls on its face without 1.

Skipping ME1 results in a significantly lesser experience with the other games, especially 3. *Especially* with the legendary edition smoothing over the rough edges, skipping it because it's dated isn't an excuse any more.
                [deleted]
                    ME2 is the least necessary. Nothing actually happens in the main plotline, it's just a big character building excercise. Don't get me wrong I love ME2, but ME1 is way more important to the story.
                While mass effect 2 is by far a better game then mass effect 1 I wouldn’t say 1 is worth skipping by any means, it’s definitely not as smooth as 2 or 3 with the gameplay but I still had a great time with it and it was enough to get me hooked on the series.
        Dang, you went all in with Ori. Absolutely loved it, but that could have been the end right then and there for someone completely new to gaming. Nice that it worked out.

Also, Stardew Valley is a superb choice!
            It was their choice! They really wanted to play it because it's so pretty
        I would also suggest  Horizon: Zero Dawn after Mass Effect.

And if you want to test your relationship, Overcooked.
            Ohh HZD is a great shout actually. Never played it personally (yet) but it seems a lot like the Tomb Raiders (which are now their favourites). 5 years of ldr and i still don't want to push it with overcooked. I know a couple that broke up because of that game hahaha
                Are they non binary or do you just use "their" as a pronoun? It sounds so strikingly odd to me
Built my first gaming pc to play the orange box. Portal was my introduction to keyboard and mouse controls.
I had my wife start with portal to learn to play 7 days to die. It worked well
    That's a pretty intense step up, 7 Days to Die is just a few steps shy of Dark Souls and Elite Dangerous in terms of absolute beginner-friendliness lol
How? This game literally requires you to catch things in the air while you come out of portals at high speed that change your perspective? You guys are completely blinded by your own enjoyment of the game in saying its a good game for a noob to kbm. 

Slime rancher is a much better option for getting people used to first person mouse movement.
    Portal was my first PC game. The difficulty ramps up at a reasonable pace, so there is enough time to figure out the mechanics. The portals aren't a kbm issue, they're a 3d thinking issue.
        > The portals aren't a kbm issue, they're a 3d thinking issue.

True, but OP asked if it was a good game for someone new to video games in general, not just new to kb+m. 

3D thinking and controlling takes a lot of learning. I've watched adults play FPS games when they never have before. It isn't pretty, it's like watching a baby trying to learn how to walk without the cuteness
            And portal isn't an FPS. It guides players into the control scheme. It's a puzzle game first and foremost.
    You don't have to do that till like halfway through the game though
    Obstacles breed growth, I feel like the game does a good job leading up to it. The hardest part of kbm is learning to walk while looking around.
    I can vouch for slime rancher because that's the game my gf suggested she wanted to play. She got the hang of it pretty quick with the movement nad shooting mechanics. The only thing that threw her off were the polluted slime that just kept getting bigger.

My next game for her will be Subnautica so she get used to mouse movements in all sorts of orientations.
    Portal slowly builds up idea one on top of the other, it's a very good learning experience. Especially portal 2 co-op.
    It's progressive. I beat this game on a controller, I think somebody would have no problem figuring out out on M&K.
    Yeah, also that momentum jump is definitely not easy for new KBM user. Will be super frustrating to pull it off.
    Those parts actually seem harder than they are. The game makes you auto-grab the cubes when you fly into them on certain levels.
>kbm

?
    kbm = **k**ey**b**oard & **m**ouse
I would also suggest Slime Rancher as a good introduction to FPS games. It's light on aiming requirements and is pretty addicting. It's also extremely adorable.
I've seen gameplay of both Portals before so I'm familiar with the whole idea of how the game works, but I want to have my new-to-gaming friend try playing co-op with me, so do you think that he'd be able to pick up the controls and the whole idea of the game pretty quickly?
    the game isnt that complicated. worst case get your friend to play through the first level or 2 of the singleplayer mode. it has a tutorial, and its a pretty good one
        > isnt that complicated

This makes me feel so dumb because there are some parts in the later levels of 2 that made me want to smash my head into my wall. Some of the puzzles require insane good timing
            Not complicated isn't the same as easy, and I think he was talking more about the concept/ controls which are pretty intuitive
            Believe you are thinking of the first game, towards the end you need decent fps skills to quickly move portals around. Portal 2 all of the puzzles are pretty obvious (especially the coop ones are very dumbed down) and towards the end they just get you to play around with the gels instead of requiring fast reactions.
            i definitely remember needing to take a break cause i couldn't figure out a puzzle. i was more so talking about the controls and idea as that is what the other guy was asking about. wasd to move. right/left click for portal and e to interact. go through one portal, come out the other. i dont think thats that complicated
            My kid finished it when he was 6, if you want to feel worse
    Portal 1 is really short because it was part of The Orange Box, you can easily beat it in a few hours. That might allow him to go at his own pace to prepare him for the co-op of 2. Portal 1 is also easier imo because it's mostly just portals, the 2nd game adds a lot of new concepts like lasers, paint goo, tractor beams, etc.

Portal 2 also has a ton of great content on the workshop if you want to continue playing after you beat the game. Some of them are considerably harder than the base game though.
    Portal 2 is fun in multiplayer, it might be best for them to play a few of the single player levels to get some of the true basics down like walking. All dependant on how much they know about pc.

The coop does have in game tools to point at things which highlights certain objects or will leave a temporary marker. And a timer so you can sync things.

And assuming you're using voice chat out of game, you shouldnt have issues.
I disagree. I'd never have played Portal 2 if I started with Portal 1. The second was so much better.

There's no good reason to start with the first one.
    story wise it makes sense to start wiht the first one. and the first one has less mechanics, making it simpler, which is good if youre new to games
        To someone that doesn't have the nostalgia of playing it years ago, the first one honestly isn't that good. Back in the day it was great, but rather they enjoy the game than force themselves to play the first one cause it's numbered as such.

You can start on the second one without needing any prior context. Yes, you'd see some carry over here and there, but it's honestly not important and such a small amount.

The game introduces all its mechanics in, so it honestly shouldn't be a problem. The friend is new to pc games, not dumb.



This is coming from someone that start on Portal 2, then went back to Portal 1. Portal 1 isn't half as good as the sequel.

Edit: either way, it's to play with a friend and Portal 1 has no coop. Try convince a new PC gamer to complete a single player experience before you'll play coop with them, it ain't gonna happen
            i played portal 1 and 2 for the first time like 5 years ago with 0 nostalgia and they were both still great
                That's fair. Everyone has different opinions at the end of the day. I still stand by my recommendation as I don't think the first game adds much, and I'd rather they get the best experience their first time playing (since I think the sequel is better). You'd be surprised how many people might not enjoy the first game half as much as the second, leading them to never finish the first nor play the second.

Everyone is different though, so it depends on the person.
                    It's worth playing simply for "Still Alive" and the cake is a lie meme!
                        Haha, that's true
                    youre entitled to your opinion, but portal 1 does have a 98% on steam, so I really dont think there are that many people that didnt like it
            I prefer the first one because I don’t like some of the puzzles in 2. Whereas I think 1 is just a non stop banger with a cool story too.  2 is ultimately the better game though thanks to the co op. Really changes the dynamic of the game
            They're both amazing games but even on replays I prefer the first one.  In the second one the writing is hilarious, but it also has a much lighter tone overall.
I'm kinda surprised everybody is pretty much saying "yes" to this question. I think Portal 2 would probably be a bit physically challenging to somebody that has no experience with videogames. That has nothing to do with the quality of the game, I just don't think somebody who just learned to read should jump straight into Tolstoy...
    It's probably one of the better first person games to learn mouselook
        It's better than many, but I actually did try to use it as an introduction to first person / mouse + keyboard games with an old girlfriend of mine and she had a really hard time with it.  Even things like looking around as you move were hard for her, and any of the many puzzles in the game that require precise timing weren't really doable or took a ton of attempts and frustration.  For a very beginner I think something like minecraft on peaceful mode is a better introduction to just get used to moving and looking around in first person.
            Yeah I can see how those quick acting sections can be rough for newbies
        It’s not though because you’re learning to look at move at the same time as you’re learning to think with portals. Learning two difficult skills at the same time isn’t ideal.
        Exactly. No pressure, no-one's shooting at you, it's not like Doom where you immediately have demons shirting on your cereal and you have to murder their ass, you start slow
            >no-one's shooting at you

[Am I a joke to you?](http://gadgetsin.com/uploads/2012/06/portal_2_turret_replica_1.jpg)
                Are

you

still

there 

?
    Maybe if paired with Portal 1? Portal 1 is very light game that doesn't require much control for the most of the game. You can even see it as an intro to Portal 2 where the user can learn the basic mechanics of it.
    It takes a while before you are having to make portals while jumping and early on accuracy isn't really an issue.
Indeed, I tried to get my GF into gaming with HL2 and Portal 2.

Terrible idea, she got incredibly frustrated being unable to even know which way she's moving. I pretty much ruined FPS for her.
My girlfriend has the same issues. From what I know, there's no fix for this. Maybe you have found something that can help? I know the FOV can make people less nauseous, but it didn't help for my girlfriend. So, any other unorthodox methods?
    Try a smaller monitor or have them sit further away from it.
    I think its just getting used to it.

Its the same when people say that the first few times they try VR they get nauseous fast and need plenty of breaks, and 2 months later you see them zooming in that VR like they have been born with it.

Just human adapting to new stuff :P
Stardew Valley -> Slime Rancher/Minecraft -> Portal 2 would probably be my process to get someone experienced with KBM
The only way to learn first-person camera is to play a game with first-person camera. No amount of practicing other kinds of games will teach you how to think that way.

Portal 2 is a good choice because it starts slow and builds up slow and almost every level will allow you to go at your own speed. It's also good because it is written so well. There's incentive to learn to play because you want to keep exploring and hearing the story.

I learned how to play first-person games by playing No One Lives Forever and Jedi Knight 2 and I had a pretty hard time with them because you have to actually shoot guys or you die. I died a lot. I still had fun. I think that anyone who plays Portal will enjoy it even if they're new to gaming.

I do agree that the co-op for Portal 2 isn't a great place to start though. It is designed for you to play it after having finished the solo campaign and expects you to understand mechanics that are taught there.
Hahaha well he is much smarter than me when it comes to puzzles and stuff and I'm a pretty patient person, so I think it could work, thanks!
    Then give it a go. Really good co-op game you two should have fun then!
Right on, I'm pretty patient for sure but I'll make sure to ask if he's interested in such a game, thanks for the response!
    I’m someone who is *not* into most puzzles since I’m not good at them but I still really enjoyed Portal 2. There were a couple part I got stuck on and frustrated and ended up looking up YouTube videos for solution but otherwise I don’t think it’s excessively challenging.
What does the difficulty of the puzzles have to do with the controls?
    Some of the puzzles require timing and some measured actions and reactions. You have to be marginally comfortable with the controls.
Oh for sure! That's why we're going to play co-op Portal 2 together sometime soon and try to figure them out on our own!
Thank you a lot for the descriptive response :)

I will definitely go easy on my friend, I mean he's brand new to PC gaming, it just wouldn't make any sense to be mean to him, plus I'm a patient person in general!

But I definitely have to try it now, thanks again!
Also, I would definitely play Portal 1 on your own first. It's short, since it was a part of the Orange Box collection, and wasn't a headliner between the other games. It takes about 4 hours I'd say for a first run, depending on how long the later puzzles stump you. And you're definitely going to want the context

There's also a web comic that takes place in between the games, about 20 pages worth. Not vital, but it answers some questions you'll have from the first game and bridges the gap nicely, with further references in the second game.
I wouldn't think portal has that high of a replay value once you know how to solve all the puzzles and have heard all the jokes (though a lot of them are still funny hearing them multiple times)
    Theres a lot of custom maps and puzzles that the community has made! They've even made practically new portal games..
        [Portal reloaded](https://youtu.be/xbdTO5xqCJA) is for sure one to check out, it adds a third portal that is based around the present and future.
            Thank you so much for bringing this game/mod to my attention. I just started playing and my god is it fun. I wasn't aware there were mods like this out there. Its a whole new game of portal to play!!
                Portal Stories: Mel is also fantastic
                    Thank you, first reloaded, then Mel. Its like having a brand new portal game(s) to play. I am so excited!!
                        I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
                In case you are also interested in other amazing mods/ games I can highly highly highly HIGHLY recommend Nehrim and Enderal. 
They are "total conversion mods" for Oblivion and Skyrim respectively. Entirely new world, new main story, new side quests, new combat/magic and progression systems, full PROFESSIONAL voice acting (in German and English. More languages supported as subtitles) with entirely new music and songs etc.. 
Amazing mods which are now a couple years old but are entirely different games... And they are free.
        > They've even made practically new portal games.

Portal Stories: Mel is my favourite among those
            Don't recommend it to anyone that dislikes it, when a puzzle game breaks it's conventional rules and gets very, very gimmicky.

Unless you have played other Portal mods that break the games' established puzzle mechanics before, you will almost certainly have to use a walkthrough at some point.

The first hour or so is fine, after that, it can quickly become annoying.
            Fuuuuck that one is so fucking hard, makes my brain hurt.
    Lemmy FTW!
        [deleted]
            Custom maps? No way it's the worst replay value when there are thousands of new and genuinely high quality maps you can play.
                If you're playing new maps then you're not replaying the game, you're playing new content.
                    Which is a part of the game.. You're still playing Portal 2, just with community content. Opening up level creation to the community is a great way of adding replayability to a game.
                        But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
                            I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
    There are user created chambers and mechanics to jump to a random, well rated chamber every time.
Usally when no new games are out, and I've run out of games to play portal is my go too.
    >and I've run out of games to play 

I haven't had this problem since around midv2000s where games were able to be bought for super cheap. Before that, games even used where always expensive and i only really ever had one game to play at a time back then. Now i have such a huge backlog that picking a new game to play becomes daunting and i just end up not playing anything
I see what you did there! Can't run through only one portal, amarite?
LEGO games on the whole are fairly chilled and fun games to play and learn with. The Spyro trilogy might also be something fun to pick up and play too! Not co-op, but it's bright, colourful, and has buckets of charm.
    I dunno, Spyro is pretty damn hard.
        later on sure, but the game does a really good job building a good foundation, it's very much designed with young kids in mind.
You are most definitely doing a good job. As someone who was lucky enough to have something similar, these are the crucial links and happy memories that your kid’s gonna carry with them for the rest of your life. Keep being an awesome dad.
Dad of 6 and 5 year old gamer girls here, my girls have alot of trouble with FPS games so I tend to shy away from trying to get into them their little hands just have trouble handling 2 joysticks AND buttons. They mostly play on the switch but you should pick up the Disney world game for your lil one its on xbox game pass if you have it its absolutely perfect for that age especially if they have been because its a recreation of the park. 

Their current favorite is Goat Simulator they has spent hours just goofing off in it I had to buy them the full DLC they like it so much. 

If you dont mind the blood Diablo 3 is also a great game for little ones, or minecraft dungeons though we prefer diablo.
“So if there's a choice between beating a level or pushing daddy's character off a cliff over and over while I pretend to get angry I'll choose the latter every time, because it makes her laugh so much.”

I would probably try and temper that a little bit once she’s more comfortable with the games, because that kind of trolling can get really annoying in online play.
    She's five years old...
        Which is why I specifically said to try and temper it _later_
A good way to simulate this yourself is to try gaming with an odd mouse. I've only ever played with thumball mice, so running around a FPS with a regular mouse or controller is very jarring, and that's just a muscle memory disconnect, not being totally new to that control paradigm.
It really doesnt take that long to figure out, especially if you have someone helping.

"O, L3 means click the left stick".

Never a problem again.
    That one is easy to solve if they have someone to help, but there is a lot of other stuff to learn, some of it not as simple as just knowing what button to press. I mean, boomers often have trouble with simple things like sending text messages, playing a game is a whole order of magnitude of complexity beyond that.
Don't generalize it to all mums, my mom was unable to even cross doors. If your friend is significantly old, something 2d might be a better starting point.
You don’t know their mum!
    this is the internet, we all know his mum.
        But not mine!
            Especially yours.
                She actually knows the internet and its secrets
Portal 2 and It Takes Two are the two best co-op games I can think of. Although, It Takes Two is a bit better for couples. I kiss all my bros goodnight, so up to you guys.
You need quick reaction in Portal, but only in very few puzzles. Most puzzles are just you looking around and thinking or trying things out. Overall, I think it's a well balanced game.

If you want adrenaline, try Tomb Raider. Both Portal 1&2 and some Tomb Raider pack are among the few games I have paid for on Steam. I would also recommend Bejeweled Deluxe and from what I've seen posted online I think Rocket League is worth buying (I bought it but I think I just don't like this kind of games).
Spoiler alert, man!  Gosh! /s
I got my partner into gaming by going Life is Strange > Ori > Stardew (coop) > Portal 1 > Portal 2 (coop)

Then they played the entire new tomb raider trilogy solo unprompted and woosh, new gamer. They want to try the Mass Effect trilogy next.
    [deleted]
        The legendary edition smooths things out once you disable the mouse acceleration
            How do you disable it?
                Back in the day, config file edits. It appears to be the same. Set the INI then change it to readonly.
            [deleted]
                It's not the mouse acceleration that pissed me off. It was the horrible mouse filtering baked into UE3. It makes it not respond to subtle inputs and your aim gets all floaty. And mouse deceleration. Faster you move, the less proportional it is. Horrible.
        To be honest though, you can get the full story impact even skipping ME1. I say this as someone who jumped straight to ME2 after several of my friends who played the first recommended I do so.


Edit: For everyone getting angry, I’m not saying to skip ME1. I’m just saying that you can absolutely skip ME1 and still really enjoy the trilogy. If you don’t import a game save when you start ME2 the game walks you through some of the major plot points and character introductions. It will even have you make decisions from ME1 so it knows how to setup your ME2 play through. Again not saying ME1 isn’t necessary. Just saying the trilogy can stand on its own without it. Plus not playing ME1 means you don’t have to grind out the same planet search with the Mako 1000 times.
            ...just no.
            No way. ME1 does a huge amount of legwork setting up the plot and characters, as well as the worldbuilding - plus it robs the player of a lot of agency in 3 w.r.t stuff that has to be set in motion in 1. Two kind of stands on its own OK, but 3 falls on its face without 1.

Skipping ME1 results in a significantly lesser experience with the other games, especially 3. *Especially* with the legendary edition smoothing over the rough edges, skipping it because it's dated isn't an excuse any more.
            [deleted]
                ME2 is the least necessary. Nothing actually happens in the main plotline, it's just a big character building excercise. Don't get me wrong I love ME2, but ME1 is way more important to the story.
            While mass effect 2 is by far a better game then mass effect 1 I wouldn’t say 1 is worth skipping by any means, it’s definitely not as smooth as 2 or 3 with the gameplay but I still had a great time with it and it was enough to get me hooked on the series.
    Dang, you went all in with Ori. Absolutely loved it, but that could have been the end right then and there for someone completely new to gaming. Nice that it worked out.

Also, Stardew Valley is a superb choice!
        It was their choice! They really wanted to play it because it's so pretty
    I would also suggest  Horizon: Zero Dawn after Mass Effect.

And if you want to test your relationship, Overcooked.
        Ohh HZD is a great shout actually. Never played it personally (yet) but it seems a lot like the Tomb Raiders (which are now their favourites). 5 years of ldr and i still don't want to push it with overcooked. I know a couple that broke up because of that game hahaha
            Are they non binary or do you just use "their" as a pronoun? It sounds so strikingly odd to me
That's a pretty intense step up, 7 Days to Die is just a few steps shy of Dark Souls and Elite Dangerous in terms of absolute beginner-friendliness lol
Portal was my first PC game. The difficulty ramps up at a reasonable pace, so there is enough time to figure out the mechanics. The portals aren't a kbm issue, they're a 3d thinking issue.
    > The portals aren't a kbm issue, they're a 3d thinking issue.

True, but OP asked if it was a good game for someone new to video games in general, not just new to kb+m. 

3D thinking and controlling takes a lot of learning. I've watched adults play FPS games when they never have before. It isn't pretty, it's like watching a baby trying to learn how to walk without the cuteness
        And portal isn't an FPS. It guides players into the control scheme. It's a puzzle game first and foremost.
You don't have to do that till like halfway through the game though
Obstacles breed growth, I feel like the game does a good job leading up to it. The hardest part of kbm is learning to walk while looking around.
I can vouch for slime rancher because that's the game my gf suggested she wanted to play. She got the hang of it pretty quick with the movement nad shooting mechanics. The only thing that threw her off were the polluted slime that just kept getting bigger.

My next game for her will be Subnautica so she get used to mouse movements in all sorts of orientations.
Portal slowly builds up idea one on top of the other, it's a very good learning experience. Especially portal 2 co-op.
It's progressive. I beat this game on a controller, I think somebody would have no problem figuring out out on M&K.
Yeah, also that momentum jump is definitely not easy for new KBM user. Will be super frustrating to pull it off.
Those parts actually seem harder than they are. The game makes you auto-grab the cubes when you fly into them on certain levels.
kbm = **k**ey**b**oard & **m**ouse
the game isnt that complicated. worst case get your friend to play through the first level or 2 of the singleplayer mode. it has a tutorial, and its a pretty good one
    > isnt that complicated

This makes me feel so dumb because there are some parts in the later levels of 2 that made me want to smash my head into my wall. Some of the puzzles require insane good timing
        Not complicated isn't the same as easy, and I think he was talking more about the concept/ controls which are pretty intuitive
        Believe you are thinking of the first game, towards the end you need decent fps skills to quickly move portals around. Portal 2 all of the puzzles are pretty obvious (especially the coop ones are very dumbed down) and towards the end they just get you to play around with the gels instead of requiring fast reactions.
        i definitely remember needing to take a break cause i couldn't figure out a puzzle. i was more so talking about the controls and idea as that is what the other guy was asking about. wasd to move. right/left click for portal and e to interact. go through one portal, come out the other. i dont think thats that complicated
        My kid finished it when he was 6, if you want to feel worse
Portal 1 is really short because it was part of The Orange Box, you can easily beat it in a few hours. That might allow him to go at his own pace to prepare him for the co-op of 2. Portal 1 is also easier imo because it's mostly just portals, the 2nd game adds a lot of new concepts like lasers, paint goo, tractor beams, etc.

Portal 2 also has a ton of great content on the workshop if you want to continue playing after you beat the game. Some of them are considerably harder than the base game though.
Portal 2 is fun in multiplayer, it might be best for them to play a few of the single player levels to get some of the true basics down like walking. All dependant on how much they know about pc.

The coop does have in game tools to point at things which highlights certain objects or will leave a temporary marker. And a timer so you can sync things.

And assuming you're using voice chat out of game, you shouldnt have issues.
story wise it makes sense to start wiht the first one. and the first one has less mechanics, making it simpler, which is good if youre new to games
    To someone that doesn't have the nostalgia of playing it years ago, the first one honestly isn't that good. Back in the day it was great, but rather they enjoy the game than force themselves to play the first one cause it's numbered as such.

You can start on the second one without needing any prior context. Yes, you'd see some carry over here and there, but it's honestly not important and such a small amount.

The game introduces all its mechanics in, so it honestly shouldn't be a problem. The friend is new to pc games, not dumb.



This is coming from someone that start on Portal 2, then went back to Portal 1. Portal 1 isn't half as good as the sequel.

Edit: either way, it's to play with a friend and Portal 1 has no coop. Try convince a new PC gamer to complete a single player experience before you'll play coop with them, it ain't gonna happen
        i played portal 1 and 2 for the first time like 5 years ago with 0 nostalgia and they were both still great
            That's fair. Everyone has different opinions at the end of the day. I still stand by my recommendation as I don't think the first game adds much, and I'd rather they get the best experience their first time playing (since I think the sequel is better). You'd be surprised how many people might not enjoy the first game half as much as the second, leading them to never finish the first nor play the second.

Everyone is different though, so it depends on the person.
                It's worth playing simply for "Still Alive" and the cake is a lie meme!
                    Haha, that's true
                youre entitled to your opinion, but portal 1 does have a 98% on steam, so I really dont think there are that many people that didnt like it
        I prefer the first one because I don’t like some of the puzzles in 2. Whereas I think 1 is just a non stop banger with a cool story too.  2 is ultimately the better game though thanks to the co op. Really changes the dynamic of the game
        They're both amazing games but even on replays I prefer the first one.  In the second one the writing is hilarious, but it also has a much lighter tone overall.
It's probably one of the better first person games to learn mouselook
    It's better than many, but I actually did try to use it as an introduction to first person / mouse + keyboard games with an old girlfriend of mine and she had a really hard time with it.  Even things like looking around as you move were hard for her, and any of the many puzzles in the game that require precise timing weren't really doable or took a ton of attempts and frustration.  For a very beginner I think something like minecraft on peaceful mode is a better introduction to just get used to moving and looking around in first person.
        Yeah I can see how those quick acting sections can be rough for newbies
    It’s not though because you’re learning to look at move at the same time as you’re learning to think with portals. Learning two difficult skills at the same time isn’t ideal.
    Exactly. No pressure, no-one's shooting at you, it's not like Doom where you immediately have demons shirting on your cereal and you have to murder their ass, you start slow
        >no-one's shooting at you

[Am I a joke to you?](http://gadgetsin.com/uploads/2012/06/portal_2_turret_replica_1.jpg)
            Are

you

still

there 

?
Maybe if paired with Portal 1? Portal 1 is very light game that doesn't require much control for the most of the game. You can even see it as an intro to Portal 2 where the user can learn the basic mechanics of it.
It takes a while before you are having to make portals while jumping and early on accuracy isn't really an issue.
Try a smaller monitor or have them sit further away from it.
I think its just getting used to it.

Its the same when people say that the first few times they try VR they get nauseous fast and need plenty of breaks, and 2 months later you see them zooming in that VR like they have been born with it.

Just human adapting to new stuff :P
Then give it a go. Really good co-op game you two should have fun then!
I’m someone who is *not* into most puzzles since I’m not good at them but I still really enjoyed Portal 2. There were a couple part I got stuck on and frustrated and ended up looking up YouTube videos for solution but otherwise I don’t think it’s excessively challenging.
Some of the puzzles require timing and some measured actions and reactions. You have to be marginally comfortable with the controls.
Theres a lot of custom maps and puzzles that the community has made! They've even made practically new portal games..
    [Portal reloaded](https://youtu.be/xbdTO5xqCJA) is for sure one to check out, it adds a third portal that is based around the present and future.
        Thank you so much for bringing this game/mod to my attention. I just started playing and my god is it fun. I wasn't aware there were mods like this out there. Its a whole new game of portal to play!!
            Portal Stories: Mel is also fantastic
                Thank you, first reloaded, then Mel. Its like having a brand new portal game(s) to play. I am so excited!!
                    I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
            In case you are also interested in other amazing mods/ games I can highly highly highly HIGHLY recommend Nehrim and Enderal. 
They are "total conversion mods" for Oblivion and Skyrim respectively. Entirely new world, new main story, new side quests, new combat/magic and progression systems, full PROFESSIONAL voice acting (in German and English. More languages supported as subtitles) with entirely new music and songs etc.. 
Amazing mods which are now a couple years old but are entirely different games... And they are free.
    > They've even made practically new portal games.

Portal Stories: Mel is my favourite among those
        Don't recommend it to anyone that dislikes it, when a puzzle game breaks it's conventional rules and gets very, very gimmicky.

Unless you have played other Portal mods that break the games' established puzzle mechanics before, you will almost certainly have to use a walkthrough at some point.

The first hour or so is fine, after that, it can quickly become annoying.
        Fuuuuck that one is so fucking hard, makes my brain hurt.
Lemmy FTW!
    [deleted]
        Custom maps? No way it's the worst replay value when there are thousands of new and genuinely high quality maps you can play.
            If you're playing new maps then you're not replaying the game, you're playing new content.
                Which is a part of the game.. You're still playing Portal 2, just with community content. Opening up level creation to the community is a great way of adding replayability to a game.
                    But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
                        I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
There are user created chambers and mechanics to jump to a random, well rated chamber every time.
>and I've run out of games to play 

I haven't had this problem since around midv2000s where games were able to be bought for super cheap. Before that, games even used where always expensive and i only really ever had one game to play at a time back then. Now i have such a huge backlog that picking a new game to play becomes daunting and i just end up not playing anything
I dunno, Spyro is pretty damn hard.
    later on sure, but the game does a really good job building a good foundation, it's very much designed with young kids in mind.
She's five years old...
    Which is why I specifically said to try and temper it _later_
That one is easy to solve if they have someone to help, but there is a lot of other stuff to learn, some of it not as simple as just knowing what button to press. I mean, boomers often have trouble with simple things like sending text messages, playing a game is a whole order of magnitude of complexity beyond that.
this is the internet, we all know his mum.
    But not mine!
        Especially yours.
            She actually knows the internet and its secrets
[deleted]
    The legendary edition smooths things out once you disable the mouse acceleration
        How do you disable it?
            Back in the day, config file edits. It appears to be the same. Set the INI then change it to readonly.
        [deleted]
            It's not the mouse acceleration that pissed me off. It was the horrible mouse filtering baked into UE3. It makes it not respond to subtle inputs and your aim gets all floaty. And mouse deceleration. Faster you move, the less proportional it is. Horrible.
    To be honest though, you can get the full story impact even skipping ME1. I say this as someone who jumped straight to ME2 after several of my friends who played the first recommended I do so.


Edit: For everyone getting angry, I’m not saying to skip ME1. I’m just saying that you can absolutely skip ME1 and still really enjoy the trilogy. If you don’t import a game save when you start ME2 the game walks you through some of the major plot points and character introductions. It will even have you make decisions from ME1 so it knows how to setup your ME2 play through. Again not saying ME1 isn’t necessary. Just saying the trilogy can stand on its own without it. Plus not playing ME1 means you don’t have to grind out the same planet search with the Mako 1000 times.
        ...just no.
        No way. ME1 does a huge amount of legwork setting up the plot and characters, as well as the worldbuilding - plus it robs the player of a lot of agency in 3 w.r.t stuff that has to be set in motion in 1. Two kind of stands on its own OK, but 3 falls on its face without 1.

Skipping ME1 results in a significantly lesser experience with the other games, especially 3. *Especially* with the legendary edition smoothing over the rough edges, skipping it because it's dated isn't an excuse any more.
        [deleted]
            ME2 is the least necessary. Nothing actually happens in the main plotline, it's just a big character building excercise. Don't get me wrong I love ME2, but ME1 is way more important to the story.
        While mass effect 2 is by far a better game then mass effect 1 I wouldn’t say 1 is worth skipping by any means, it’s definitely not as smooth as 2 or 3 with the gameplay but I still had a great time with it and it was enough to get me hooked on the series.
Dang, you went all in with Ori. Absolutely loved it, but that could have been the end right then and there for someone completely new to gaming. Nice that it worked out.

Also, Stardew Valley is a superb choice!
    It was their choice! They really wanted to play it because it's so pretty
I would also suggest  Horizon: Zero Dawn after Mass Effect.

And if you want to test your relationship, Overcooked.
    Ohh HZD is a great shout actually. Never played it personally (yet) but it seems a lot like the Tomb Raiders (which are now their favourites). 5 years of ldr and i still don't want to push it with overcooked. I know a couple that broke up because of that game hahaha
        Are they non binary or do you just use "their" as a pronoun? It sounds so strikingly odd to me
> The portals aren't a kbm issue, they're a 3d thinking issue.

True, but OP asked if it was a good game for someone new to video games in general, not just new to kb+m. 

3D thinking and controlling takes a lot of learning. I've watched adults play FPS games when they never have before. It isn't pretty, it's like watching a baby trying to learn how to walk without the cuteness
    And portal isn't an FPS. It guides players into the control scheme. It's a puzzle game first and foremost.
> isnt that complicated

This makes me feel so dumb because there are some parts in the later levels of 2 that made me want to smash my head into my wall. Some of the puzzles require insane good timing
    Not complicated isn't the same as easy, and I think he was talking more about the concept/ controls which are pretty intuitive
    Believe you are thinking of the first game, towards the end you need decent fps skills to quickly move portals around. Portal 2 all of the puzzles are pretty obvious (especially the coop ones are very dumbed down) and towards the end they just get you to play around with the gels instead of requiring fast reactions.
    i definitely remember needing to take a break cause i couldn't figure out a puzzle. i was more so talking about the controls and idea as that is what the other guy was asking about. wasd to move. right/left click for portal and e to interact. go through one portal, come out the other. i dont think thats that complicated
    My kid finished it when he was 6, if you want to feel worse
To someone that doesn't have the nostalgia of playing it years ago, the first one honestly isn't that good. Back in the day it was great, but rather they enjoy the game than force themselves to play the first one cause it's numbered as such.

You can start on the second one without needing any prior context. Yes, you'd see some carry over here and there, but it's honestly not important and such a small amount.

The game introduces all its mechanics in, so it honestly shouldn't be a problem. The friend is new to pc games, not dumb.



This is coming from someone that start on Portal 2, then went back to Portal 1. Portal 1 isn't half as good as the sequel.

Edit: either way, it's to play with a friend and Portal 1 has no coop. Try convince a new PC gamer to complete a single player experience before you'll play coop with them, it ain't gonna happen
    i played portal 1 and 2 for the first time like 5 years ago with 0 nostalgia and they were both still great
        That's fair. Everyone has different opinions at the end of the day. I still stand by my recommendation as I don't think the first game adds much, and I'd rather they get the best experience their first time playing (since I think the sequel is better). You'd be surprised how many people might not enjoy the first game half as much as the second, leading them to never finish the first nor play the second.

Everyone is different though, so it depends on the person.
            It's worth playing simply for "Still Alive" and the cake is a lie meme!
                Haha, that's true
            youre entitled to your opinion, but portal 1 does have a 98% on steam, so I really dont think there are that many people that didnt like it
    I prefer the first one because I don’t like some of the puzzles in 2. Whereas I think 1 is just a non stop banger with a cool story too.  2 is ultimately the better game though thanks to the co op. Really changes the dynamic of the game
    They're both amazing games but even on replays I prefer the first one.  In the second one the writing is hilarious, but it also has a much lighter tone overall.
It's better than many, but I actually did try to use it as an introduction to first person / mouse + keyboard games with an old girlfriend of mine and she had a really hard time with it.  Even things like looking around as you move were hard for her, and any of the many puzzles in the game that require precise timing weren't really doable or took a ton of attempts and frustration.  For a very beginner I think something like minecraft on peaceful mode is a better introduction to just get used to moving and looking around in first person.
    Yeah I can see how those quick acting sections can be rough for newbies
It’s not though because you’re learning to look at move at the same time as you’re learning to think with portals. Learning two difficult skills at the same time isn’t ideal.
Exactly. No pressure, no-one's shooting at you, it's not like Doom where you immediately have demons shirting on your cereal and you have to murder their ass, you start slow
    >no-one's shooting at you

[Am I a joke to you?](http://gadgetsin.com/uploads/2012/06/portal_2_turret_replica_1.jpg)
        Are

you

still

there 

?
[Portal reloaded](https://youtu.be/xbdTO5xqCJA) is for sure one to check out, it adds a third portal that is based around the present and future.
    Thank you so much for bringing this game/mod to my attention. I just started playing and my god is it fun. I wasn't aware there were mods like this out there. Its a whole new game of portal to play!!
        Portal Stories: Mel is also fantastic
            Thank you, first reloaded, then Mel. Its like having a brand new portal game(s) to play. I am so excited!!
                I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
        In case you are also interested in other amazing mods/ games I can highly highly highly HIGHLY recommend Nehrim and Enderal. 
They are "total conversion mods" for Oblivion and Skyrim respectively. Entirely new world, new main story, new side quests, new combat/magic and progression systems, full PROFESSIONAL voice acting (in German and English. More languages supported as subtitles) with entirely new music and songs etc.. 
Amazing mods which are now a couple years old but are entirely different games... And they are free.
> They've even made practically new portal games.

Portal Stories: Mel is my favourite among those
    Don't recommend it to anyone that dislikes it, when a puzzle game breaks it's conventional rules and gets very, very gimmicky.

Unless you have played other Portal mods that break the games' established puzzle mechanics before, you will almost certainly have to use a walkthrough at some point.

The first hour or so is fine, after that, it can quickly become annoying.
    Fuuuuck that one is so fucking hard, makes my brain hurt.
[deleted]
    Custom maps? No way it's the worst replay value when there are thousands of new and genuinely high quality maps you can play.
        If you're playing new maps then you're not replaying the game, you're playing new content.
            Which is a part of the game.. You're still playing Portal 2, just with community content. Opening up level creation to the community is a great way of adding replayability to a game.
                But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
                    I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
later on sure, but the game does a really good job building a good foundation, it's very much designed with young kids in mind.
Which is why I specifically said to try and temper it _later_
But not mine!
    Especially yours.
        She actually knows the internet and its secrets
The legendary edition smooths things out once you disable the mouse acceleration
    How do you disable it?
        Back in the day, config file edits. It appears to be the same. Set the INI then change it to readonly.
    [deleted]
        It's not the mouse acceleration that pissed me off. It was the horrible mouse filtering baked into UE3. It makes it not respond to subtle inputs and your aim gets all floaty. And mouse deceleration. Faster you move, the less proportional it is. Horrible.
To be honest though, you can get the full story impact even skipping ME1. I say this as someone who jumped straight to ME2 after several of my friends who played the first recommended I do so.


Edit: For everyone getting angry, I’m not saying to skip ME1. I’m just saying that you can absolutely skip ME1 and still really enjoy the trilogy. If you don’t import a game save when you start ME2 the game walks you through some of the major plot points and character introductions. It will even have you make decisions from ME1 so it knows how to setup your ME2 play through. Again not saying ME1 isn’t necessary. Just saying the trilogy can stand on its own without it. Plus not playing ME1 means you don’t have to grind out the same planet search with the Mako 1000 times.
    ...just no.
    No way. ME1 does a huge amount of legwork setting up the plot and characters, as well as the worldbuilding - plus it robs the player of a lot of agency in 3 w.r.t stuff that has to be set in motion in 1. Two kind of stands on its own OK, but 3 falls on its face without 1.

Skipping ME1 results in a significantly lesser experience with the other games, especially 3. *Especially* with the legendary edition smoothing over the rough edges, skipping it because it's dated isn't an excuse any more.
    [deleted]
        ME2 is the least necessary. Nothing actually happens in the main plotline, it's just a big character building excercise. Don't get me wrong I love ME2, but ME1 is way more important to the story.
    While mass effect 2 is by far a better game then mass effect 1 I wouldn’t say 1 is worth skipping by any means, it’s definitely not as smooth as 2 or 3 with the gameplay but I still had a great time with it and it was enough to get me hooked on the series.
It was their choice! They really wanted to play it because it's so pretty
Ohh HZD is a great shout actually. Never played it personally (yet) but it seems a lot like the Tomb Raiders (which are now their favourites). 5 years of ldr and i still don't want to push it with overcooked. I know a couple that broke up because of that game hahaha
    Are they non binary or do you just use "their" as a pronoun? It sounds so strikingly odd to me
And portal isn't an FPS. It guides players into the control scheme. It's a puzzle game first and foremost.
Not complicated isn't the same as easy, and I think he was talking more about the concept/ controls which are pretty intuitive
Believe you are thinking of the first game, towards the end you need decent fps skills to quickly move portals around. Portal 2 all of the puzzles are pretty obvious (especially the coop ones are very dumbed down) and towards the end they just get you to play around with the gels instead of requiring fast reactions.
i definitely remember needing to take a break cause i couldn't figure out a puzzle. i was more so talking about the controls and idea as that is what the other guy was asking about. wasd to move. right/left click for portal and e to interact. go through one portal, come out the other. i dont think thats that complicated
My kid finished it when he was 6, if you want to feel worse
i played portal 1 and 2 for the first time like 5 years ago with 0 nostalgia and they were both still great
    That's fair. Everyone has different opinions at the end of the day. I still stand by my recommendation as I don't think the first game adds much, and I'd rather they get the best experience their first time playing (since I think the sequel is better). You'd be surprised how many people might not enjoy the first game half as much as the second, leading them to never finish the first nor play the second.

Everyone is different though, so it depends on the person.
        It's worth playing simply for "Still Alive" and the cake is a lie meme!
            Haha, that's true
        youre entitled to your opinion, but portal 1 does have a 98% on steam, so I really dont think there are that many people that didnt like it
I prefer the first one because I don’t like some of the puzzles in 2. Whereas I think 1 is just a non stop banger with a cool story too.  2 is ultimately the better game though thanks to the co op. Really changes the dynamic of the game
They're both amazing games but even on replays I prefer the first one.  In the second one the writing is hilarious, but it also has a much lighter tone overall.
Yeah I can see how those quick acting sections can be rough for newbies
>no-one's shooting at you

[Am I a joke to you?](http://gadgetsin.com/uploads/2012/06/portal_2_turret_replica_1.jpg)
    Are

you

still

there 

?
Thank you so much for bringing this game/mod to my attention. I just started playing and my god is it fun. I wasn't aware there were mods like this out there. Its a whole new game of portal to play!!
    Portal Stories: Mel is also fantastic
        Thank you, first reloaded, then Mel. Its like having a brand new portal game(s) to play. I am so excited!!
            I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
    In case you are also interested in other amazing mods/ games I can highly highly highly HIGHLY recommend Nehrim and Enderal. 
They are "total conversion mods" for Oblivion and Skyrim respectively. Entirely new world, new main story, new side quests, new combat/magic and progression systems, full PROFESSIONAL voice acting (in German and English. More languages supported as subtitles) with entirely new music and songs etc.. 
Amazing mods which are now a couple years old but are entirely different games... And they are free.
Don't recommend it to anyone that dislikes it, when a puzzle game breaks it's conventional rules and gets very, very gimmicky.

Unless you have played other Portal mods that break the games' established puzzle mechanics before, you will almost certainly have to use a walkthrough at some point.

The first hour or so is fine, after that, it can quickly become annoying.
Fuuuuck that one is so fucking hard, makes my brain hurt.
Custom maps? No way it's the worst replay value when there are thousands of new and genuinely high quality maps you can play.
    If you're playing new maps then you're not replaying the game, you're playing new content.
        Which is a part of the game.. You're still playing Portal 2, just with community content. Opening up level creation to the community is a great way of adding replayability to a game.
            But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
                I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
Especially yours.
    She actually knows the internet and its secrets
How do you disable it?
    Back in the day, config file edits. It appears to be the same. Set the INI then change it to readonly.
[deleted]
    It's not the mouse acceleration that pissed me off. It was the horrible mouse filtering baked into UE3. It makes it not respond to subtle inputs and your aim gets all floaty. And mouse deceleration. Faster you move, the less proportional it is. Horrible.
...just no.
No way. ME1 does a huge amount of legwork setting up the plot and characters, as well as the worldbuilding - plus it robs the player of a lot of agency in 3 w.r.t stuff that has to be set in motion in 1. Two kind of stands on its own OK, but 3 falls on its face without 1.

Skipping ME1 results in a significantly lesser experience with the other games, especially 3. *Especially* with the legendary edition smoothing over the rough edges, skipping it because it's dated isn't an excuse any more.
[deleted]
    ME2 is the least necessary. Nothing actually happens in the main plotline, it's just a big character building excercise. Don't get me wrong I love ME2, but ME1 is way more important to the story.
While mass effect 2 is by far a better game then mass effect 1 I wouldn’t say 1 is worth skipping by any means, it’s definitely not as smooth as 2 or 3 with the gameplay but I still had a great time with it and it was enough to get me hooked on the series.
Are they non binary or do you just use "their" as a pronoun? It sounds so strikingly odd to me
That's fair. Everyone has different opinions at the end of the day. I still stand by my recommendation as I don't think the first game adds much, and I'd rather they get the best experience their first time playing (since I think the sequel is better). You'd be surprised how many people might not enjoy the first game half as much as the second, leading them to never finish the first nor play the second.

Everyone is different though, so it depends on the person.
    It's worth playing simply for "Still Alive" and the cake is a lie meme!
        Haha, that's true
    youre entitled to your opinion, but portal 1 does have a 98% on steam, so I really dont think there are that many people that didnt like it
Are

you

still

there 

?
Portal Stories: Mel is also fantastic
    Thank you, first reloaded, then Mel. Its like having a brand new portal game(s) to play. I am so excited!!
        I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
In case you are also interested in other amazing mods/ games I can highly highly highly HIGHLY recommend Nehrim and Enderal. 
They are "total conversion mods" for Oblivion and Skyrim respectively. Entirely new world, new main story, new side quests, new combat/magic and progression systems, full PROFESSIONAL voice acting (in German and English. More languages supported as subtitles) with entirely new music and songs etc.. 
Amazing mods which are now a couple years old but are entirely different games... And they are free.
If you're playing new maps then you're not replaying the game, you're playing new content.
    Which is a part of the game.. You're still playing Portal 2, just with community content. Opening up level creation to the community is a great way of adding replayability to a game.
        But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
            I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
She actually knows the internet and its secrets
Back in the day, config file edits. It appears to be the same. Set the INI then change it to readonly.
It's not the mouse acceleration that pissed me off. It was the horrible mouse filtering baked into UE3. It makes it not respond to subtle inputs and your aim gets all floaty. And mouse deceleration. Faster you move, the less proportional it is. Horrible.
ME2 is the least necessary. Nothing actually happens in the main plotline, it's just a big character building excercise. Don't get me wrong I love ME2, but ME1 is way more important to the story.
It's worth playing simply for "Still Alive" and the cake is a lie meme!
    Haha, that's true
youre entitled to your opinion, but portal 1 does have a 98% on steam, so I really dont think there are that many people that didnt like it
Thank you, first reloaded, then Mel. Its like having a brand new portal game(s) to play. I am so excited!!
    I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
Which is a part of the game.. You're still playing Portal 2, just with community content. Opening up level creation to the community is a great way of adding replayability to a game.
    But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
        I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
Haha, that's true
I’m warning you, Reloaded is really well done and fabulous, but it is fucking ***HARD***
But replay means playing something you've already played before. I wouldn't say I'm replaying Doom Eternal if I'm playing the new DLC.

The original comment was "I still run through portal 2 at least twice a year".

To me, that reads as though they are playing the main campaign twice.
    I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
I understand why you think of the campaign with the term replaying but it's mostly used with the overall game. If I played Portal 2 three months ago and then come back to play a new custom map, I'd consider it replaying the game. I think a lot of other people use the term in the same way. For me replaying is less about the campaign and more about the overall game so things like mods and new levels can make a game replayable to me. I don't think there's anyway I couldn't play a game for 500 hours over many different sessions and not say the game is replayable.
