[[Not even mad.]]





Hortler hears a Jew
    Hortler did nothing wrong
I hope he doesn't get banned, satire is the best form of comedy. 
    I really think this is fantastic! 
Can you actually get banned for using Nazi-stuff in your emblem? Already encountered many Swastikas, 88's, etc. ...

Edit: 
8th letter of the alphabet is H. 

88 is/was a code for "*H*eil *H*itler"!
        Yeah I feel like I've seen way more swastikas than dick emblems. Which is crazy. 
            I saw a swastika made out of dicks once... Was the best player that round
                One might call it a, swasdicka...
                Bruh......

Legendary
            I've seen more smug-trump emblems than dick emblems, seems to get more of a reaction from people I think than nazi/dick stuff these days.  I saw two people aboslutely raging about it, considering I play on EU servers only I just don't understand why a) trump is being used as an emblem and b) why people are so upset by it.
            Me too. It just makes me mad seeing all this Nazi shit. Also I am living ~120 km away from where Hitler was born, so I might be a bit more sensitive than others when it comes to that...
                [deleted]
                    I think this is bizarre. Nazi symbolism is a no no. Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

Edit: I just wanted to point out this argument Nazism is more evil really doesn't mean much. When it comes to policy intentions don't matter, consequences do. The rhetorical reasoning for one's policy positions can be based in hate and bigotry or could be lofty and inclusive, but if it leads to millions of people dying either one is necessary to be criticized. Regardless of what the stated intentions are of communism when put into practice it kills millions in peacetime and even more during war.

Also the money symbol people believe is more evil and representing capitalism are wrong to. Even in communist countries money is still used. Currency is simply a means of exchanging value. It is not evil or good. It's an inanimate object. Political ideologies don't physically exist except in the actions and intentions of people. The idea the cash symbol is even worse is wrong to and not a worthy comparison.


Personally I believe communism to be even more hateful than Nazism. Nazism atleast allows some people the ability to be invidivuals. Communism eradicates individualism and personal autonomy as a prerequisite.
                        Not bizarre at all.

Communism wants to establish a classless, stateless society. Nazism wants the extermination of "sub-human" races so that the Aryan Race can have a great empire. 

Communistic mass killings were usually as a result of disastrous policies. The [Great Leap Forward](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Great_Leap_Forward) killed millions not because Mao and his squad thought those millions were "[life unworthy of life](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Life_unworthy_of_life)", but because they were economically incompetent. In the court of law this would be like the difference between manslaughter and 1st degree murder - both are homicidal crimes but one is worse than the other. Also another major source of communist regime deaths was Stalin, and the deaths under Stalin were less about ideology and more about his paranoia. This is not a defense of Communism whatsoever, but the hammer and sickle does not symbolize direct hatred and desire to kill certain groups of people like the swastika does.

Nazism is an inherently genocidal, violent, and militaristic ideology.
                            [deleted]
                                It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
                                    The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
                                    Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
                        [deleted]
                            You can attribute it to the totalitarian leaders if you want, but I wouldn't blame communism as an economic system for the deliberate extermination of citizens. That's like blaming capitalism for the death squads in all those South American dictatorships the US propped up. 
                                The ideology is thick here.
                                Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
                                    That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
                                You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
                                    So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
                                It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
                                    Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
                            [deleted]
                                3Edgy5Me
                                    [deleted]
                                    How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
                                    "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
                                It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
                                    >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

                                    The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
                                 Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
                                [deleted]
                                    What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
                                r/im14andthisisdeep
                            "Stalin/Mao killed more people than Hitler!" https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitLiberalsSay/
                                haha new fave sub
                            > it wasn't real communism

Care to explain?
                                [deleted]
                                    The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
                            There's no such thing as "real communism."

If there was, it would have been done already.
                                "Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                                    Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

                                    Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
                                    [deleted]
                                    Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
                                    The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
                                Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
                                    Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
                                What a strong argument. 
                            [removed]
                                lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
                                    Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
                                    None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
                                    Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
                                Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
                                [deleted]
                                    I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


                                [deleted]
                                    Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
                                lol wut?
                                [deleted]
                                    They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
                            The USSR is the main reason fascism/Nazism didn't take over the globe in WW2. 
                            It's amusing that gamers are talking about the nuances of a system that encompassed China and Russia for decades. It wasn't communism, they admitted it themselves.

And not really, capitalism/imperialism take the cake, 4-5 centuries of exploitation, slavery, and genocide of 4 continents. It's not a competition and seeing westerners sit above everyone else is insulting.
                                [deleted]
                                    The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


                            you could say that stalin's idea of winning wars (covering up the enemy's line of sight with mountains of bodies of his gopnik armies /s) was responsible for a lot of the soviet casualties during operation barbarossa, of which there were a shitton.

USSR had more casualties than all other allied (and german, china had the second highest) countries combined, more russians died during the battle of stalingrad than the total number of german casualties. for more info I suggest you watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwKPFT-RioU)
                            You're comparing a single nation over ten years to dozens of nations over thirty or forty years.
                        Because the Nazis attempted to eradicate a specific race of people.

Then again, the soviet union did actually commit actual genocide multiple times.
                            Yeah, Soviets tried to eradicate *several* races
                                [deleted]
                                    They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
                                    They killed people, but not for their race.
                        Well, Nazism is an inherently racist ideology and Communism is an economic theory so clearly one is worse than the other. 
                        Communism is not inherently bad or evil, Nazism is. Big difference.
                            [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3824 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/90867)
                                While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
                                    Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
                                No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
                                Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
                                Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
                            It's not about intentions it's about consequences.
                                Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
                            [deleted]
                                That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                                    [deleted]
                        [deleted]
                            r/FULLCOMMUNISM 
                            [deleted]
                                Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
                                    Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
                                That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
                                    [deleted]
                            /r/me_irl
                                [deleted]
                                    You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
                        I've got like 25 lbs of books for you to read about the topic but if you aren't a historian you don't care. Suffice to say, you're very wrong.
                        My picture is a portrait of Mao.
                        .
                        Soviet atrocities fall strictly on the period in which Stalin was at the helm. And Stalin was despised in the USSR after his death similar to how modern Germans despise Hitler.

USSR, while being shitty, was never proud of Stalin's purges. Making it a no-no would be the same as making the word  "Deutscheland" taboo, because Nazi's used it.  
                        I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [COMMUNISM KILLED ONE BATRILLION PEOPLE according to Battlefield 1 subredditor](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5fjzga/communism_killed_one_batrillion_people_according/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
                        You know what else is weird? Capitalist symbolism is just fine, even though it has killed hundreds of millions and exploits and enslaves people to this day.
                        >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism


Yeah not true. I've debunked this bullshit myth million times so I can't be bothered to do it again. Just know that you're wrong. A short TLDR would be: people dying due to as an unintended side result of bad policy (for example: famine) is not comparable to what nazis did and can not be blamed on invidual people or ideologies.

I'll ask you to remove that part of your comment.
                            Are you trying to tell me that genocide doesn't equal famine? NONSENSE!!!
                                No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
                        And if you had a dollar or pound sign, how many have died in the name of unfettered capitalism? Do you get your knickers in a twist over that? 


                        This is a huge and common misconception. Many of us were raised in school systems that were still teaching cold war propaganda. It's worth doing some research on the Soviet revolution on your own to straighten out your understanding. [Also worth mentioning that capitalism has dirtier hands.]( http://www.petersaysstuff.com/2014/05/attempting-the-impossible-calculating-capitalisms-death-toll/)
                        I think the reason being is because there aren't any Neo-Commie attack groups like there are with Neo-Nazis or the "alt-right". If there are any they certainly don't make themselves present with public violence and racism. The swastika is still as strong of a symbol for hate today as it was during WWII. 

When I see the hammer and sickle used in modern society I see it more of an anti-capitalism symbol than a hate symbol.

Edit: added second half about hammer and sickle
                        This is because today Nazi symbolism is still used by hate groups and as a symbol of prejudice. Soviet symbolism isn't as widespread and isn't used for prejudice.
                        I dont think you realize what "orders of magnitude" means. 
                        Russian army didn't carry it (for obvious reasons) in WW1, but I still see it one of the symbols relevant to the conflict. Every time I see a swastika I think, "don't cut yourself on that edge kid" and "wrong war."
                        maybe it's because an inherit aspect of nazi ideology is racial/ethnic purity through the extermination of "inferior" ethnic groups while Stalin's purges are associated with Stalin as a person as opposed to being an inherit part of communist ideology. in the same way we associate racism with the confederate flag but not the Union flag, despite both of their histories and cultures being steeped in racism. 
                        nazis murdered. stalins victims were those he tried to save
                        *sniff*
                            PURE
                        You went to Egypt
                        The funny thing is that Battlefield even gives you the icon of the Sickle and Hammer even premade. The hyporisy is brutal.
                        "communism" isn't as well defined in space and time as nazism was, nor it target people for their ethnicity in such a large scale, maybe that's the reason
                        Thank you.  More people need to understand that intentions don't matter nearly as much as consequences do.
                        >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

So Stalin killed 400 million people now? That number keeps getting bigger every say! Somebody's gotta stop him!
                        Capitalism preys off of people at the lowest wrung of it's influence, who's labor supply everyone, yet don't earn enough to optimistically speculate on their individual futures. Look at fast food employees, whens the last time you ate at wendy's? Yeah you can thank those people that work in that greasy ass kitchen 5 days a week. usually supporting several children. In a capitalist system, systematic unemployment leaves that family without an income, and nobody bats an eye. 
                    I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/shitwehraboossay] [''I guess im quite sensitive to the swastika'' ''Yeah but what about the hammer and sickle''](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitWehraboosSay/comments/5ejj9t/i_guess_im_quite_sensitive_to_the_swastika_yeah/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
                    Russia was communist near the end of WWI. 
                    "B-b-b-but the famine!!!!"
                        [deleted]
                            You know, the ones that pale in comparison to Hitler's.
                    This is a pretty valid point.
                        No it isn't. That's like saying an american flag would be bad because the American military has killed many people. 
                            You realize Stalin killed more people than Hitler right? Like 50 million people. Civilians.

The contrast being drawn is that the hammer and sickle doesn't carry the stigma that the swastika does, even though both governments did some equally terrible shit. 
                                I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
                                    So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
                    Lol, hammer and sickle was a flag of a country. Swastika is a symbol of nazi-ism. Why try to compare the two?
                [deleted]
                    It's also likely that it's a 13 year old who doesn't know the difference between WW1 and WW2. Or a combination of the two.
                        13 year olds aren't 8. 13 Year olds are stupid, but any of them with an education know the difference between WW1 and WW2
                            You're counting on 13 year olds to have an education. Most the kids in my school knew fuck-all about history even at graduation.
                                I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
                                    Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
                        To be honest, I don't like how in any WWII game the swastika isn't shown. It's history. I do however understand why it isn't. I just love reading and watching anything about WWII.

To be honest I feel like the German soldiers in BF1 resemble WWII Germans more than WWI Germans. Just an observation 
                            But I think that there were much less black snipers in the german WWI army... just an observation. ;)

In Germany there is a law which bannes symbols an signs of fascist movements. It is only allowed in pieces of historical art like pictures and movies. Games do not count for that category. That is why they have to be removed for the games to be able to be sold here.
                                Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
                            It was prominent in Bloodrayne
                    well if you've ever been playing with a Jewish, gay or POC buddy when you see some dickhead with a nazi symbol running around it's not a "no biggie" kind of thing. these are deep wounds and having people shit in them isn't easy. 
                        > these are deep wounds

Shit was 70 years ago and the people getting triggered are two-three generations removed from it. Why are they so triggered?
                            For me personally, I have direct family members who survived the holocaust. My grandparents were survivors. Most of their family members weren't so lucky. It upsets me when I see people so carelessly using swastikas bc it is symbolic of the trauma that my grandparents had to live through. I don't need pity or that kind of stuff, I don't go out and tell people and expect them to to tell me how terrible the holocaust was. But using swastikas to try to get a laugh, to get a rise out of someone, or to demean a group of people is belittling and insensitive. Will that change anything? No. But that's why it upsets me.
                            dude. if your family lost people in the Holocaust it still matters. your dismissive attitude towards the pain that the loss of people's relatives causes is super gross. 
                            Because playing the victim card is great. That's how minorities try to make white people feel guilty for slavery. 
                    Yeah, thats what I am always telling myself when I see it. Maybe its just the dumbness and wannabe-edgyness of these people that is infuriating...
                [deleted]
                    I absolutely dont care about other things that happen online (you can have intercourse with my mother as often as you want), but this Nazi stuff is just straight retarded IMO.
                        So the only way you would care about the things I'd do to your mother is if I dressed up like Hitler and boned her eh? What gives you the riech 
                        [deleted]
                            There's a huge difference between the portrayal of Nazis in a narrative, fictional or orherwise, and people making swastika emblems on an online videogame to be "edgy".

He has the right to think what he wants, as do you. Ending your message with "Lmao. Grow up." makes you lose credibility and, frankly, makes you look like the one who needs to grow up.
                I hate people being sensitive to Nazi related shit. Its been more than 70 years.... get over it. I am a German myself and I love hailing friends ironically just because its a taboobreaker. Every kid knows about the atrocities committed by the Nazis, but why would that stop me from making fun of an idiotic idiology/culture?
Also 120km dude wtf... thats like an hours drive. How does that even remotely effect you?
                    For real, the game is rated M and revolves around war yet this makes him sooo upset. 

It's like living in Georgia and getting upset over seeing a confederate flag in a civil war game, people let symbols have too much power over them.


                Censoring your history doesn't make it go away. Why would you not embrace it what was done in the past instead of acting all pissy and apologistic about it.
                You live 120km from Adolf's mother's grave?
                    I dont know where she is buried, but if it is Braunau, then yes.
                I wish more prettier used the logo for the Distress
Duetches Heer. (Probably misspelled that).

At least it would be historically accurate.
                Do you live in the alps?
                    He was born in braunnau am Inn in upper Austria. I know because my wife came from that town. Not related though, well, so she says. 
                My wife comes from Braunnau! Every time I tell anyone where's she's from they all say, "ah, you know who else came from there?"
                Why do you have to be mad?  It's just jokes lol
                    It's just jokes to some but he has a right to be upset.

Edit: Quickly whipped up an emblem myself :)
                        him getting upset is why people make the emblems...
                            I know! I was just saying it's his right. Can I make emblems on the app or online? Got no time for that when I'm home in front of an xbox, I want to play.
                                Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
                                    http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
                                    I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
                        He's probably mad Hitler lost.
                It's people like you that give it power.  I personally think we should make a baseball team called the Nazi's and make their logo a big swastika.  Once grandma is rocking it, it's not quite as menacing.  People love to keep fruit forbidden though.  

Here in America, they made the confederate flag logo more powerful than it's been since the civil  war by attempting to make it an enemy.  They should had just made it the new gay pride flag.  it would had worked way better in my opinion.

It's way easier to beat them at their own game, than to try and ban a symbol anyone can make.  That never happens though, so I guess I'm just crazy.
                dude it happened so many years ago get over it 
                    yeah, "just get over" the 50 million people that were killed. How about some respect for this shit?
                        [removed]
                            No one "makes a fuss" over WW1, eventhough millions were killed there, because it was "just a war". Hitler created a society that was built around systematically erradicating people based on their ethnicity and religion. Unlike Turkish genocide of Armenians and Japanese genocide of Chinese, Hitler's attrocities are well documented, so at least our society doesn't forget those (also he killed more than Japanese and Ottomans). There should nevet be a moment when people stop "making a fuss about it".

Edit: important to note, that fascination with svastikas in modern day is linked to real danger. Where I'm from (and it's far from Germany) people sporting svastikas would go out and beat up or murder people they thought were different on regular basis. It took us almost 20 years to get rid of Neo-Nazi trends.
                                Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
                                    True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

                                    That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
                                    Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
                            [deleted]
                                [removed]
                                    [deleted]
                            My family was in concentration camps. Most died. And I hear stories from grandparents and my parents about how it was.  I think it its still effecting people then perhaps a bit of respect seems fair. 

I don't know anyone that has personal stories from Viking times. But I wouldn't go lolololol 9/11 because that shit still messes with people. 
                            When people in this subreddit have family that was impacted by that war, I would say that forgetting gets pretty hard. Regardless of numbers and comparisons (even though I will say the Holocaust is still #1 in total death toll afaik).

And keep in mind these ideologies are making a comeback. We need to remember now more than ever.
                                Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
                                    Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
                            All of the examples you listed are not recent history at all. People's grandparents today weren't massacred by Atilla the Hun. They were gassed and experimented on by the Nazi's. 

Ever realized that people might be more sensitive because it's the biggest genocide in recent history. 

Maybe in a hundred years or so, relatives and descendants of the victims will have the same mindset as you do know.
                        TO BE FAIR to be fair Stalin was responsible for a lot of those 50 million. 

Boy am I glad I don't live in Poland.
                        [deleted]
                            He didn't.  
                                I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
                                    Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
                        I'M OVER IT WHY CAN't YOU 
                    wow. this guy.
                same dude i report all of those, im in Texas.  i just can't comprehend how kids can think that shit is cool, really bums me out that we can be sso different!
            But what i I do a Swastika, but I rotate it 90° ? 
Is it a valid "it's not nazi reference" defense? :D
                The nazis used the swastika in both positions.
                    My joke was about rotating it clockwise, since it has 4 parts, rotating it 90° clockwise would not change anything.
But I wasn't clear enough :(
                        Shit, I was thinking about 45°, because a lot of people think that the nazis only used the standing one.
                Really looks a lot like the "swastikas" drawn in the Adam Yauch (deceased Jewish member of Beastie Boys) park in Brooklyn over the weekend. They were terrible and just like this one. 
            I wish the reporting function wasn't so damn slow on Origin, whenever I see that it just pisses me off.
                > whenever I see that it just pisses me off.

It'll be okay little buddy. The picture won't hurt you.
                    Awww, poor thing 😟
            People are just poking fun that the same country fought in WWII. 
            Probably because it is a world war game, and even though it is the wrong war, it still has Germans. 
            Wrong world war.
            My emblem is literally a penis with hairy balls, will I get banned?
            What about dick swastikas? Caught any of the yet?
            I hope everyone knows that Nazi's sign was copied from Swastika but is a little different. 
Swastika is sacred sign for Hindus for thousands of years. 

            Is it because theirs plenty of uneducated people playibg bf1 who think the german forces are Nazi? 
            Especially considering its a WW1 game.
            Only saw two. managed to report the second. I figure those are just snarly 14 year olds that think it's cool to put up a flag that symbolises the killing of millions.
            ever seen a dick-stika?
            The amount of dickbutts is insane. Even X factor gaming has a red furry one. Only reason I know that is because he could only kill me when he was staying in his train for the entirety of operations on Argonne forest 
                Hey everyone! This guy's better than xfactor! Come look on in amazment and gaze upon this holy vision! I, myself, am at 3/4 chub just by reading his comment about how he is better than xfactor. I know that famous youtuber, xfactor, has nothing to do with this conversation other than his emblem, but seriously guys, the fact that u/cant_frag is better than him should really be the focus of our conversation!
            Here, I've made/used both. They're shitty but you get the point 

https://emblem.battlefield.com/rEDT24EIxy

https://emblem.battlefield.com/RRjoNoKIxy
        You can get emblem rights taken away but not an actual ban.
        My roommate made the SS eagle logo back in BF4 with the lightning bolts. He had it for a bit, but they force removed it and gave him like a 3 day ban for "genocide", can't remember the exact wording, but it was hilarious.
        Yes. I got banned from Battlefield 4 beta for using the [Finnish airforce emblem] (http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/f/fi%5Eaf.gif). They claimed it was third reich related which it by any means is not. What makes me the angriest about this is that while the swastika is banned, the hammer and sickle are a basic shape provided by EA. It is regarded as equally or even more offensive than the nazi symbol in many countries. As a Finn I would agree with than stance. Our enemy can fly their offensive emblem but we can't our non-offensive one. 
            Did you write to someone at EA or DICE about it detailing your stance? I think the main reason they gave the sickle and hammer was because BF4 was about a rising Chinese superpower (although they aren't really communist they still like to call themselves communist) and their Russian allies (also not communist, but seemed like it would relapse in the game).
                Dude it's ea dice, this is the same swedish studio that made half the German classes black
                    Don’t forget female
            That's nonsense.  The hammer and sickle represents communist ideology which strives for equality and a social society. The swastika with few exceptions (like Finnish or Latvian armed force emblems)  is a symbol of racism and antisemitism what the soviet union did is irrelevant in the situation  

                Plenty of people have had their homes and lives ruined by men flying flags with the hammer and sickle. Somehow I don't think they'd see it as a harbinger of social equality and prosperity.
                    Plenty of people got their homes destroyed by soldiers waving the Union Jack or the Stars and Stripes too. So fucking what? Soviets liberated the world from National Socialism, which outweighs Stalin's crimes by a mile in my eyes.
                        Easy there Stalin
                            Easy there /pol/ak. "MUH SWASTIKA THE NAZIS DIDNT PLAN TO CLEANSE ENTIRE RACES THE NAZIS WERE GOOD FOR HELPING THE FINNS.
                                >not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
                                    >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
                        Yeah and those people would probably hate the Union Jack, I'm not seeing your point. It should come as no surprise that people in countries decimated by communism won't think the same way you do. And how many did Stalin kill, 15 million? Trivializing that is absurd.
                            Stalin's murders are, however, not linked with the communist ideology and for the most part more attributable to him and his paranoid attitude.. Hitler's murders are linked to national socialist ideology.
                The hammer and sickle is also commonly associated with the communist genocides of the 19th and 20th centuries. 
                    Ok  Belgium'sflag is offensive now because of the Kongolese genocide.
                        I imagine the Congolese are pretty offended by it, yes. 
                [deleted]
                    So has the Democratic USA and the parliamentary Monarchy of the UK. So?
                        I don't think it's killed almost 70 million civilians. 
                            LOL

Might want to research that mate
                            Careful, the edgy tankies are going to attack. 
                You do not seem to understand the atrocities the Soviets did? They absolutely destroyed the lives of the people in the countries they occupied. The symbol is to my knowledge banned in more countries than the swastika. Mostly in the countries affected. Do you really want to argue against that? 
        Sorry, what are 88's?
            8th letter of the alphabet is H. 

88 is/was a code for "*H*eil *H*itler"!
                Oh, Now I know! I thought it had something to do with the German 88's, the 8.8 cm cannon. 
                    I thought the same thing when I first heard it. Just a coincidence I think. 88 mm guns were used by Germany long before the Nazis came to power so I do know that they didn't pick that particular caliber for that reason. 
            Sometimes it's the year you were born and you think "I probably won't be using Reddit that much so I'll just make up a lazy user name because all the ones I want are taken."
                [deleted]
                    I just have to convince some random reddit detectives every couple months that I'm not a Nazi.

It's pretty weird. It's like playing Secret Hitler, but seriously you guys I'm not a Nazi.
                Well shit. I'm a 1988 kid as well. I've used 88 in my email addresses.
                    Well... some places might have seen that as a plus...
        Banned from using an emblem on black ops 2 for life for a swastika and running around shouting "ACHTUNG" every time a claymore got a kill. 

Can confirm. 
        Yeah you can get banned. I reported my friends SS emblem(as a joke) and he got a 72 hour ban for "Third Reich Refrencing"
            nice prank bro!!!
        Oh yea.. 88's.. I know what that means but I dont think other people do.. you should totally explain what that is..
            Good idea! Will put in an edit...
        My friend actually was banned for having a swastika as a emblem
            Meanwhile my emblem is 1515.... with a mosque.... and explosions :/
        Not happy about this 88-HH thing. Was born in '88 so I use it a lot in usernames and on my emblem and stuff. Learned about the nazi connection and removed it from my emblem so people don't get the wrong idea. Damn Nazis.
        Or people born in 88
            Right
        Man I hope not...
        shit, i have an "88" in my emblem, had absolutely no idea that it had a meaning like this.. 
        On public or private servers? Afaik I have only seen people banned from the public dice owned bf servers from cheating and the like. On privately owned servers I've been banned for more trivial things, usually just being better than the server owner. So on a privately owned server you could defiantly be banned for this. 
        1488, ALLAHU AKBAR, DEUS VULT, FOR THE PROLETARIAT! 
        he'd probably referring to the gamertag (assuming this is xbox), not the emblem. i don't think you can actually be banned for an emblem
        Ohhhhh fuuuuck..... I should really change my username :/

I was just a fan of a Steelers receiver with the number 88 :|
        >  Already encountered many Swastikas, 88's, etc. ...

I've seen porn/genitals/etc, so no I don't think anything is getting banned currently.
        H also stands for hentai.
Do with that revelation as you will. 
        Shit
        A friend and I had a 2 week ban from bf4 when it was released for having an emblem where we were taking the piss out of hitler :')

So yeah, even satire can get you banned :(
        My gamertag used to be TAYDOLFSWIFTLER and I got reported and my gamertag auto changed. Apparently on microsoft's user policy it specifically states that you can't have any reference to a notorious person. 
        I thought 88 was referring to the 88mm flak 36
        I have a swastika as my emblem. Don't think to much of it I just think it's a pretty cool looking emblem. It's sad how many people get offended by it. Granted the nazis weren't around during ww1 but still, battlefield isn't the most realistic game out there. 
        I had a swastika. A bunch of kids started yelling at me and typing in all caps through chat about how i was a "moron nazi homo" and eventually the admin came and kicked me. No ban though.
            Just for my own morbid curiosity, in what completely fucked up retarded way did your sad little mind think it was a good idea to have a swastika as an emblem?
                Haha what a loaded question. It wasn't actually the Hakenkreuz, it was the [Buddhist swastika](https://shivaboddha.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/buddhist_swastika.jpg). Probably should've clarified above. 

To answer your question thoguh, my sad little mind thought it was a good idea to have a swastika because the server I'd been playing on had a bunch of hammer+sickles and Rising Sun flags playing regularly. Nobody was saying anything about those, so I equipped my own emblem and played... I wasn't even replying in chat, just playing the game.
                I can't believe that people actually get pissed by shit like this lmao
                    Right? They're really selective about what they decide is offensive as well. makes no sense
                        Your tagalong metoo shitposting is offensive to shitposters everywhere.
                Perhaps he's historically role-playing
            Yeah, well... fuck you, moron nazi.
                Love you too bro.
                Lol... coming from edgelord satanist.
                    Not really, I come from a place where Neo-Nazis used to injure and kill a lot of people up until 5-10 years ago, so my disdain for Nazi-sympathizers is fueled by experience of real-life conflict. 
    This is not a edgy teen or an actual neo nazi. People report assholes and in general nobody is going to report someone for mocking a shitty person and ideology. 
        The people part of that shitty ideaology might.

My thing is, the game is rated M. Emblems shouldn't be removed or a bannable offense except in very extreme cases.
    I wonder if Mr. Hilter and his dear friend Heinrich Bimmler would agree with that sentiment.
        Don't you know old chap I was head of Gestapo for ten years. Five years! No, no, nein, I was not head of Gestapo at all...I make joke.
    I've had far worse and never been banned. 

Usernames: WhitePowwaaa, HitleryClinton, DirtyLube. All with profane pictures. My current one is a nasty looking dude butt fucking another hairy dude. I do it because I often make the top of the team and get a laugh out of making people look at it. 
    I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [My Zizek-o-meter imploded a mile away.](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5ejcbf/my_zizekometer_imploded_a_mile_away/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
        I understand like, 1% of what that enlightened individual is saying.
    And comedy is the last bastion of free speech
    Agreed
    Sortire is even bertter.
Augustus Hortler was Hitler's "special" cousin. 
    Thanks! 
        [deleted]
            Me too thanks.
        If we don't have people to explain obvious jokes, society collapses, friend. 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cx8YTM8WgAAblaa.jpg:large
    I wondering if realising he was too dumb to make a swastika caused a rare moment of self reflection for this bigoted vandal. 
        "Hahaha this will teach those fa- oh.. uh, shit... FUCK!!"
        You're assuming that the person who did this wasn't intoxicated.
            I bet you I could draw a perfect swastika while drunk. I hope nobody reads this without context.
                /r/nocontext
                    You son of a bitch.
                    /r/nocontext_wallpapers
        I feel like anyone who even defaces something by drawing a swastika has a median age range of 17. I don't think they even think about the concept behind its message beyond the cheap shock value and immaturity. 
            I agree. I think the majority of swastika graffti is probably made by edgy teenagers as opposed to actual nazis. 
            I hope the age range skews younger than that. 17 is almost old enough to buy a gun. 
                Those outliers :/
    They also warship satin.
        my favorite type of fabric
            Not a reccomended material for warships 
                You'll never be captain of the USS Fabulous with that attitude.
            [Obama half-breed muslin is my favorite summertime fabric](http://i.imgur.com/UO8hJQI.jpg)
                We have so much of this shit going on right now in texas.
        How could they not?
    "You tried."
    This makes me cringe
        Nazi's in general 
            "Nazis" is the plural. 
                I tought you spelled it as ''cunts'' 
            You would think that neos would know how to break out a swastika on a moment's notice, but I guess not.
    [Coulda sworn it was this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFTNFnEhzCQ)
Silly gnatsies and their third right. 
On a side note - how do people have the time to be level 70-90 in this game in just one month? This is the one of the only games I have been playing, and I'm still barely level 50. 
    You are either, A. Really good. B. Have a lot of time. Or C. Both
        > A. Really good

Not enough to reach that level so quickly. You still need to play for a shitload of hours. 
            well, you don't get really good by not playing a shit ton.
            deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3394  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/49887)
            bought it two weeks ago, already level 69,  just play a lot of domination.
    [deleted]
        It's all about tanks and conquest. 115 hours playtime total at level 78. SPM is 759, and I let people fuck around on my account sometimes so my actual SPM is definitely 800+.

Also being good helps, but really it's just about not playing like an idiot, playing the objective, and using your class gadgets properly. There are just a lot of casuals on BF1.
            [deleted]
                I don't know what kind of scrub you think I am that I'd average less than 30k a round in conquest.
    It depends on how you play, I am around 90 hours on bf1 and level 78. Sure, I have had lots of free time this month to play but I also play the objective full out, so I doubt the average level at 90 hours is 78.
    No idea. I'm only level 65.
    I'm more impressed by people who were this level in a week, including a level 30 automatico
        if i gathered every kill with every weapon that ive got, and put them all into a gun, i would probably have like 30 stars as well,  its just that im having fun with the weapon diversity instead of just getting stuck with a weapon for all the time.  


    tanks + conquest, playing the objective, using class gadgets. All about SPM, you don't need a lot of M if you have a lot of SPM
    I am currently at 56 and at around 45 hours. I feel like I play way too much.
    Im level 69 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) with not a crazy amount of playtime, just a high score per minute because I play the objective like a madman & always set squad orders. http://m.imgur.com/ge8EEBO 
One could also use the [Front of German Apples](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Front_Deutscher_%C3%84pfel)
    Hungry for Apples?
        Not even close to being a rip off of "Got Milk?". There is no patent on rhetorical questions.
            👈 Yes!
                My man!
                    Lookin' good!
        Man, how does a guy like you go home and have sex with his wife?
            Oooh wee!
        Hungary for Apples.
    Only take Objective Apples
    >Abbreviation: F.D.Ä
        Front Deutscher Apfel?
    Too bad emblem editor doesn't let you warp shapes, I don't think you could accurately mimic the steam and leaf
    That's surprisingly close to what I use. I had no idea.
http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf4/soldier/MrGoldenApples/stats/908916037/pc/
    Dem apples.
Ah, the vaunted "SPASTIKA"
Isn't that a joke from pol over on 4chan?


    Yea
Autistika
    You rang?
It's shit like that which ends up in a Modern art museum.
    It's copypasta
I'm offensive and I find this German!  
This is great :D
Hortler hears a who
    *jew
    Hortler hears a Jew
This is funnier than it has any right to be.
hail hortler!
Twig Mail! Twig Mail!!!!!
Also this is WWI not WWII lol.
    I mean, I saw people using swastikas for emblems in Blops2 and BF4 and those weren't WWII either.
    I think everyone knows that now, its become a circlejerk
Where is the exaggerated outrage that a WW2 topic is infiltrating a WW1 based game?  Cant we get someone named Cpl. Adolf and be atleast somewhat historically accurate?
    He was a Corporeal in the Bavarian Army, not German; so no.
        I knew you existed in this world..the guy who would come and correct me.  The Bavarian Army was under the direct control of the Germans, though, no?
            Oh, I was not correcting you - only pointing out we have not Bavarian army in this game.  The Bavarian Army's officer corps and a large number of soldiers swore their allegiance to King Ludwig even under the pressure to combine with Germany.  The Bavarian Monarchy collapsed after the end of WWI.
                Intttteresting.  No I wasn't necessarily admonishing you, there is just always someone that knows more, or has a different angle.  The internet always provides those people, or you, in this case.

But does it still hold true, that while the Bavarian army was a sovereign force, it was under the direct command of German forces?  The easiest parallel that comes to mind is the Free French Army being under the (American & British dominated) Allied command structure during WW2.
                    Sorry for the day delay - turkey feast an all... Happy Thanksgiving by the way.  As for Germany and Bavaria.  No, Germany did not take over Bavaria until after the war when the monarchy crumbled.
Early 20th century European governments are very interesting to study - old traditional ways versus new technology possibilities.  Very compelling reads if you can get yourself to stay awake for it.
                        Any books youd suggest starting with?
                            I wish I could point you in a successful direction but many books focus on one specific target.  Try not to spend money on them - get stuff from your local library.  You might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Sleepwalkers-How-Europe-Went-1914/dp/0061146668/ref=sr_1_8?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1480087531&sr=1-8&keywords=history+of+wwi+european+government for a get your feet wet and then you can see if you are interested enough to keep going.
                Why would an Austrian swear allegiance to a Bavarian King?
Am I missing something besides this being a deliberately terrible Nazi pun?
    https://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_one/comments/5egng2/not_even_mad/dacakg5/
Holy fuck I wake up to this. Didnt expect more than a hundered or so. Thank you guys for my first post above 400 updoots.
    yo get the updoots
this is genius.
I've seen a few like this. Makes me laugh every time. The amount of genuine Nazi swastikas in the game is too high. They didn't even exist until 1920!
Hortler hears a Jew 
I don't know why you folks take pictures of the screen with mobile phones. Both PS4 and XBox One have a screenshot feature. 
    It's quicker and easier to upload. 
        Yeah, the consoles should seriously get more sharing options. Like cloud services for example. If I save a clip now, I have to press the share-button and save it, find it among the other clips (which is far, far into settings) and then copy it over to my extern HDD. After this I'll transfer it to my computer and THEN create a gif out of it.

Could just have been pressing SHARE, select google drive and then upload instead!
            www.xboxdvr.com
            Just send the screenshot via PS messages to your 2nd account.

Then go online with the Messenger app and download the screenshot on your phone. Then upload in here. 

Takes 2 minutes. 
                I never use the screenshot feature though, but thanks for the tip! Should have been able to send clips too.
                    Just upload to YouTube as a private clip and then use the link to the video to make a gif with gfycat. Super easy. 
                        Yeah, thought about that recently but I haven't saved any clips to upload since then. Does it upload in the same quality as the clip is originally?
                            Afaik it does. 
                                Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
                                    That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
        Its easier on PC too, I don't know if origin has a screenshot button like steam does but snapping a quick pic with my phone is a lot less effort
        Maybe on Playstation but on Xbox One it absolutely is not. As soon as you take the screenshot it goes straight to xbox.com. You don't have to choose where to send it or manually upload it. 
    which one is on PC? if i take screenshots with the screenshot key they are just White screens...
Assuming it's intentionally that crappy, I think it's kind of cool.
God if game artists were as sensitive as some people in this thread we would never have a ww2 game. 
I'm sure if you were to ask some veterans they would be more so offended if you killing the allies in virtual reality then some people having a symbol as there created emblem. 
ERMAGHERD ITZ HORLTER
r/therewasanattempt
    But it's clearly intentionally made like that...
/r/coaxedintoasnafu
okay
Haha saw this on r/funny.  Was this your inspiration? http://imgur.com/IYAJe0C
Even if was the real Swastika, it doesn't manner. Only  Low T cucks cry about emblems that take them out of their safe space. 
Maybe this is kind of a Swing Kids Emblem. They were a small resistance group in big towns in Nazi Germany, but got destroyed by the Gestapo by the end of 1942. Their slogan was "Heil Hotler". (for more info see: http://www.spiegel.de/einestages/swing-boy-uwe-storjohann-hotten-statt-marschieren-a-1120616.html)
I played against this guy the other day, keks were had
Jesus. This post hit 2nd place in top all time on r/battlefield_one. Thanks guys. Actually really didnt expect this from a "on the whim" status pic.
Reminds me of [Family Guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEbelklPD0k).
Wrong setting, better suited for BF1942.
    He's making fun of all the people with nazi emblems, it's self aware 
I can't help but see some form of a 2 player centipede game gone wrong. 
After reading all these comments, is it a requirement to be a history buff to play this game?
    No, but it doesn't hurt to.
Okay so I just hit 20 after playing at hours. I see players with emblem like photos, like me hotler over here, did they make an emblem and make it their profile picture or can you make emblems in this game? Right now I'm using some stock origin picture of an angry dude and wouldn't mind changing it. 
    You can change it on the phone companion app 
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
[it's perfect](http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Kristen-Bell-Laughing-to-Crying.gif)
Didn't know Michael j fox played 
The Wearmachk will conqour all of Yurop!!
Must be pretty good if he's level 71
Nailed it.
http://imgur.com/a/MMfoW
Omg lmao
http://m.imgur.com/0ZgGzbJ            :O
I've seen swastikas made from dicks as emblems.

That count?
    Swasdicka
        lol
Hale*
That has to be the worst Swastika I have ever seen.
I've played with that kid
I mean it did used to be used for good luck before WWII. Now everyone just associates it with the Nazis but it was used by native Americans, and some pilots had it in their planes in WWI, just sitting in a flat line, not up on its point, which signified an "at war" stance.
My phone may be hiding low score comments that mention this, but I can't see anyone pointing out the guy's username.

HailHortler

His emblem cannot change.
Minor emblem fixes: http://www.markdery.com/archives/images/SWASTIKA.gif
Hail Hortler, glourious furah of the nasties
Who's tag is that?
*an attempt was made*

If you haven't seen this guy before you don't play enough Battlefield 
So this is the first time I've seen this sub on the front page, so I'm gonna ask here: How the hell is this game called "Battlefield 1" when there's been like 15 Battlefield games...?
    How the hell is the new xbox called "xbox one" when theres been two other generations of xbox? Riddle me that 
        How the hell is it called PS4 when there... oh, wait.
            Now answer xbox 360
    World War 1
I've got my DPRK emblem shining brightly to piss off the Americans I play with.
    Don't worry they won't recognize it. 
    Most of us wouldn't recognize it, and those that do would laugh and appreciate the joke
        It's not a joke but whatever. Also it's got Kim Il Sung's face so it's pretty hard to miss.
I'd be mad too if I were playing on a low-end console and didn't know that they **both have built-in screenshot and upload functionality**.
    Neither consoles are low end.
        Considering all the PCMR threads about how their shit doesn't work with this or that, the consoles are superior.
Hortler did nothing wrong
I really think this is fantastic! 
Can you actually get banned for using Nazi-stuff in your emblem? Already encountered many Swastikas, 88's, etc. ...

Edit: 
8th letter of the alphabet is H. 

88 is/was a code for "*H*eil *H*itler"!
    Yeah I feel like I've seen way more swastikas than dick emblems. Which is crazy. 
        I saw a swastika made out of dicks once... Was the best player that round
            One might call it a, swasdicka...
            Bruh......

Legendary
        I've seen more smug-trump emblems than dick emblems, seems to get more of a reaction from people I think than nazi/dick stuff these days.  I saw two people aboslutely raging about it, considering I play on EU servers only I just don't understand why a) trump is being used as an emblem and b) why people are so upset by it.
        Me too. It just makes me mad seeing all this Nazi shit. Also I am living ~120 km away from where Hitler was born, so I might be a bit more sensitive than others when it comes to that...
            [deleted]
                I think this is bizarre. Nazi symbolism is a no no. Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

Edit: I just wanted to point out this argument Nazism is more evil really doesn't mean much. When it comes to policy intentions don't matter, consequences do. The rhetorical reasoning for one's policy positions can be based in hate and bigotry or could be lofty and inclusive, but if it leads to millions of people dying either one is necessary to be criticized. Regardless of what the stated intentions are of communism when put into practice it kills millions in peacetime and even more during war.

Also the money symbol people believe is more evil and representing capitalism are wrong to. Even in communist countries money is still used. Currency is simply a means of exchanging value. It is not evil or good. It's an inanimate object. Political ideologies don't physically exist except in the actions and intentions of people. The idea the cash symbol is even worse is wrong to and not a worthy comparison.


Personally I believe communism to be even more hateful than Nazism. Nazism atleast allows some people the ability to be invidivuals. Communism eradicates individualism and personal autonomy as a prerequisite.
                    Not bizarre at all.

Communism wants to establish a classless, stateless society. Nazism wants the extermination of "sub-human" races so that the Aryan Race can have a great empire. 

Communistic mass killings were usually as a result of disastrous policies. The [Great Leap Forward](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Great_Leap_Forward) killed millions not because Mao and his squad thought those millions were "[life unworthy of life](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Life_unworthy_of_life)", but because they were economically incompetent. In the court of law this would be like the difference between manslaughter and 1st degree murder - both are homicidal crimes but one is worse than the other. Also another major source of communist regime deaths was Stalin, and the deaths under Stalin were less about ideology and more about his paranoia. This is not a defense of Communism whatsoever, but the hammer and sickle does not symbolize direct hatred and desire to kill certain groups of people like the swastika does.

Nazism is an inherently genocidal, violent, and militaristic ideology.
                        [deleted]
                            It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
                                The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
                                Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
                    [deleted]
                        You can attribute it to the totalitarian leaders if you want, but I wouldn't blame communism as an economic system for the deliberate extermination of citizens. That's like blaming capitalism for the death squads in all those South American dictatorships the US propped up. 
                            The ideology is thick here.
                            Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
                                That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
                            You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
                                So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
                            It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
                                Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
                        [deleted]
                            3Edgy5Me
                                [deleted]
                                How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
                                "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
                            It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
                                >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

                                The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
                             Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
                            [deleted]
                                What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
                            r/im14andthisisdeep
                        "Stalin/Mao killed more people than Hitler!" https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitLiberalsSay/
                            haha new fave sub
                        > it wasn't real communism

Care to explain?
                            [deleted]
                                The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
                        There's no such thing as "real communism."

If there was, it would have been done already.
                            "Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                                Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

                                Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
                                [deleted]
                                Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
                                The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
                            Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
                                Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
                            What a strong argument. 
                        [removed]
                            lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
                                Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
                                None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
                                Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
                            Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
                            [deleted]
                                I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


                            [deleted]
                                Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
                            lol wut?
                            [deleted]
                                They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
                        The USSR is the main reason fascism/Nazism didn't take over the globe in WW2. 
                        It's amusing that gamers are talking about the nuances of a system that encompassed China and Russia for decades. It wasn't communism, they admitted it themselves.

And not really, capitalism/imperialism take the cake, 4-5 centuries of exploitation, slavery, and genocide of 4 continents. It's not a competition and seeing westerners sit above everyone else is insulting.
                            [deleted]
                                The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


                        you could say that stalin's idea of winning wars (covering up the enemy's line of sight with mountains of bodies of his gopnik armies /s) was responsible for a lot of the soviet casualties during operation barbarossa, of which there were a shitton.

USSR had more casualties than all other allied (and german, china had the second highest) countries combined, more russians died during the battle of stalingrad than the total number of german casualties. for more info I suggest you watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwKPFT-RioU)
                        You're comparing a single nation over ten years to dozens of nations over thirty or forty years.
                    Because the Nazis attempted to eradicate a specific race of people.

Then again, the soviet union did actually commit actual genocide multiple times.
                        Yeah, Soviets tried to eradicate *several* races
                            [deleted]
                                They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
                                They killed people, but not for their race.
                    Well, Nazism is an inherently racist ideology and Communism is an economic theory so clearly one is worse than the other. 
                    Communism is not inherently bad or evil, Nazism is. Big difference.
                        [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3824 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/90867)
                            While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
                                Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
                            No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
                            Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
                            Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
                        It's not about intentions it's about consequences.
                            Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
                        [deleted]
                            That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                                [deleted]
                    [deleted]
                        r/FULLCOMMUNISM 
                        [deleted]
                            Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
                                Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
                            That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
                                [deleted]
                        /r/me_irl
                            [deleted]
                                You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
                    I've got like 25 lbs of books for you to read about the topic but if you aren't a historian you don't care. Suffice to say, you're very wrong.
                    My picture is a portrait of Mao.
                    .
                    Soviet atrocities fall strictly on the period in which Stalin was at the helm. And Stalin was despised in the USSR after his death similar to how modern Germans despise Hitler.

USSR, while being shitty, was never proud of Stalin's purges. Making it a no-no would be the same as making the word  "Deutscheland" taboo, because Nazi's used it.  
                    I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [COMMUNISM KILLED ONE BATRILLION PEOPLE according to Battlefield 1 subredditor](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5fjzga/communism_killed_one_batrillion_people_according/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
                    You know what else is weird? Capitalist symbolism is just fine, even though it has killed hundreds of millions and exploits and enslaves people to this day.
                    >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism


Yeah not true. I've debunked this bullshit myth million times so I can't be bothered to do it again. Just know that you're wrong. A short TLDR would be: people dying due to as an unintended side result of bad policy (for example: famine) is not comparable to what nazis did and can not be blamed on invidual people or ideologies.

I'll ask you to remove that part of your comment.
                        Are you trying to tell me that genocide doesn't equal famine? NONSENSE!!!
                            No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
                    And if you had a dollar or pound sign, how many have died in the name of unfettered capitalism? Do you get your knickers in a twist over that? 


                    This is a huge and common misconception. Many of us were raised in school systems that were still teaching cold war propaganda. It's worth doing some research on the Soviet revolution on your own to straighten out your understanding. [Also worth mentioning that capitalism has dirtier hands.]( http://www.petersaysstuff.com/2014/05/attempting-the-impossible-calculating-capitalisms-death-toll/)
                    I think the reason being is because there aren't any Neo-Commie attack groups like there are with Neo-Nazis or the "alt-right". If there are any they certainly don't make themselves present with public violence and racism. The swastika is still as strong of a symbol for hate today as it was during WWII. 

When I see the hammer and sickle used in modern society I see it more of an anti-capitalism symbol than a hate symbol.

Edit: added second half about hammer and sickle
                    This is because today Nazi symbolism is still used by hate groups and as a symbol of prejudice. Soviet symbolism isn't as widespread and isn't used for prejudice.
                    I dont think you realize what "orders of magnitude" means. 
                    Russian army didn't carry it (for obvious reasons) in WW1, but I still see it one of the symbols relevant to the conflict. Every time I see a swastika I think, "don't cut yourself on that edge kid" and "wrong war."
                    maybe it's because an inherit aspect of nazi ideology is racial/ethnic purity through the extermination of "inferior" ethnic groups while Stalin's purges are associated with Stalin as a person as opposed to being an inherit part of communist ideology. in the same way we associate racism with the confederate flag but not the Union flag, despite both of their histories and cultures being steeped in racism. 
                    nazis murdered. stalins victims were those he tried to save
                    *sniff*
                        PURE
                    You went to Egypt
                    The funny thing is that Battlefield even gives you the icon of the Sickle and Hammer even premade. The hyporisy is brutal.
                    "communism" isn't as well defined in space and time as nazism was, nor it target people for their ethnicity in such a large scale, maybe that's the reason
                    Thank you.  More people need to understand that intentions don't matter nearly as much as consequences do.
                    >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

So Stalin killed 400 million people now? That number keeps getting bigger every say! Somebody's gotta stop him!
                    Capitalism preys off of people at the lowest wrung of it's influence, who's labor supply everyone, yet don't earn enough to optimistically speculate on their individual futures. Look at fast food employees, whens the last time you ate at wendy's? Yeah you can thank those people that work in that greasy ass kitchen 5 days a week. usually supporting several children. In a capitalist system, systematic unemployment leaves that family without an income, and nobody bats an eye. 
                I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/shitwehraboossay] [''I guess im quite sensitive to the swastika'' ''Yeah but what about the hammer and sickle''](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitWehraboosSay/comments/5ejj9t/i_guess_im_quite_sensitive_to_the_swastika_yeah/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
                Russia was communist near the end of WWI. 
                "B-b-b-but the famine!!!!"
                    [deleted]
                        You know, the ones that pale in comparison to Hitler's.
                This is a pretty valid point.
                    No it isn't. That's like saying an american flag would be bad because the American military has killed many people. 
                        You realize Stalin killed more people than Hitler right? Like 50 million people. Civilians.

The contrast being drawn is that the hammer and sickle doesn't carry the stigma that the swastika does, even though both governments did some equally terrible shit. 
                            I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
                                So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
                Lol, hammer and sickle was a flag of a country. Swastika is a symbol of nazi-ism. Why try to compare the two?
            [deleted]
                It's also likely that it's a 13 year old who doesn't know the difference between WW1 and WW2. Or a combination of the two.
                    13 year olds aren't 8. 13 Year olds are stupid, but any of them with an education know the difference between WW1 and WW2
                        You're counting on 13 year olds to have an education. Most the kids in my school knew fuck-all about history even at graduation.
                            I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
                                Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
                    To be honest, I don't like how in any WWII game the swastika isn't shown. It's history. I do however understand why it isn't. I just love reading and watching anything about WWII.

To be honest I feel like the German soldiers in BF1 resemble WWII Germans more than WWI Germans. Just an observation 
                        But I think that there were much less black snipers in the german WWI army... just an observation. ;)

In Germany there is a law which bannes symbols an signs of fascist movements. It is only allowed in pieces of historical art like pictures and movies. Games do not count for that category. That is why they have to be removed for the games to be able to be sold here.
                            Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
                        It was prominent in Bloodrayne
                well if you've ever been playing with a Jewish, gay or POC buddy when you see some dickhead with a nazi symbol running around it's not a "no biggie" kind of thing. these are deep wounds and having people shit in them isn't easy. 
                    > these are deep wounds

Shit was 70 years ago and the people getting triggered are two-three generations removed from it. Why are they so triggered?
                        For me personally, I have direct family members who survived the holocaust. My grandparents were survivors. Most of their family members weren't so lucky. It upsets me when I see people so carelessly using swastikas bc it is symbolic of the trauma that my grandparents had to live through. I don't need pity or that kind of stuff, I don't go out and tell people and expect them to to tell me how terrible the holocaust was. But using swastikas to try to get a laugh, to get a rise out of someone, or to demean a group of people is belittling and insensitive. Will that change anything? No. But that's why it upsets me.
                        dude. if your family lost people in the Holocaust it still matters. your dismissive attitude towards the pain that the loss of people's relatives causes is super gross. 
                        Because playing the victim card is great. That's how minorities try to make white people feel guilty for slavery. 
                Yeah, thats what I am always telling myself when I see it. Maybe its just the dumbness and wannabe-edgyness of these people that is infuriating...
            [deleted]
                I absolutely dont care about other things that happen online (you can have intercourse with my mother as often as you want), but this Nazi stuff is just straight retarded IMO.
                    So the only way you would care about the things I'd do to your mother is if I dressed up like Hitler and boned her eh? What gives you the riech 
                    [deleted]
                        There's a huge difference between the portrayal of Nazis in a narrative, fictional or orherwise, and people making swastika emblems on an online videogame to be "edgy".

He has the right to think what he wants, as do you. Ending your message with "Lmao. Grow up." makes you lose credibility and, frankly, makes you look like the one who needs to grow up.
            I hate people being sensitive to Nazi related shit. Its been more than 70 years.... get over it. I am a German myself and I love hailing friends ironically just because its a taboobreaker. Every kid knows about the atrocities committed by the Nazis, but why would that stop me from making fun of an idiotic idiology/culture?
Also 120km dude wtf... thats like an hours drive. How does that even remotely effect you?
                For real, the game is rated M and revolves around war yet this makes him sooo upset. 

It's like living in Georgia and getting upset over seeing a confederate flag in a civil war game, people let symbols have too much power over them.


            Censoring your history doesn't make it go away. Why would you not embrace it what was done in the past instead of acting all pissy and apologistic about it.
            You live 120km from Adolf's mother's grave?
                I dont know where she is buried, but if it is Braunau, then yes.
            I wish more prettier used the logo for the Distress
Duetches Heer. (Probably misspelled that).

At least it would be historically accurate.
            Do you live in the alps?
                He was born in braunnau am Inn in upper Austria. I know because my wife came from that town. Not related though, well, so she says. 
            My wife comes from Braunnau! Every time I tell anyone where's she's from they all say, "ah, you know who else came from there?"
            Why do you have to be mad?  It's just jokes lol
                It's just jokes to some but he has a right to be upset.

Edit: Quickly whipped up an emblem myself :)
                    him getting upset is why people make the emblems...
                        I know! I was just saying it's his right. Can I make emblems on the app or online? Got no time for that when I'm home in front of an xbox, I want to play.
                            Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
                                http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
                                I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
                    He's probably mad Hitler lost.
            It's people like you that give it power.  I personally think we should make a baseball team called the Nazi's and make their logo a big swastika.  Once grandma is rocking it, it's not quite as menacing.  People love to keep fruit forbidden though.  

Here in America, they made the confederate flag logo more powerful than it's been since the civil  war by attempting to make it an enemy.  They should had just made it the new gay pride flag.  it would had worked way better in my opinion.

It's way easier to beat them at their own game, than to try and ban a symbol anyone can make.  That never happens though, so I guess I'm just crazy.
            dude it happened so many years ago get over it 
                yeah, "just get over" the 50 million people that were killed. How about some respect for this shit?
                    [removed]
                        No one "makes a fuss" over WW1, eventhough millions were killed there, because it was "just a war". Hitler created a society that was built around systematically erradicating people based on their ethnicity and religion. Unlike Turkish genocide of Armenians and Japanese genocide of Chinese, Hitler's attrocities are well documented, so at least our society doesn't forget those (also he killed more than Japanese and Ottomans). There should nevet be a moment when people stop "making a fuss about it".

Edit: important to note, that fascination with svastikas in modern day is linked to real danger. Where I'm from (and it's far from Germany) people sporting svastikas would go out and beat up or murder people they thought were different on regular basis. It took us almost 20 years to get rid of Neo-Nazi trends.
                            Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
                                True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

                                That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
                                Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
                        [deleted]
                            [removed]
                                [deleted]
                        My family was in concentration camps. Most died. And I hear stories from grandparents and my parents about how it was.  I think it its still effecting people then perhaps a bit of respect seems fair. 

I don't know anyone that has personal stories from Viking times. But I wouldn't go lolololol 9/11 because that shit still messes with people. 
                        When people in this subreddit have family that was impacted by that war, I would say that forgetting gets pretty hard. Regardless of numbers and comparisons (even though I will say the Holocaust is still #1 in total death toll afaik).

And keep in mind these ideologies are making a comeback. We need to remember now more than ever.
                            Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
                                Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
                        All of the examples you listed are not recent history at all. People's grandparents today weren't massacred by Atilla the Hun. They were gassed and experimented on by the Nazi's. 

Ever realized that people might be more sensitive because it's the biggest genocide in recent history. 

Maybe in a hundred years or so, relatives and descendants of the victims will have the same mindset as you do know.
                    TO BE FAIR to be fair Stalin was responsible for a lot of those 50 million. 

Boy am I glad I don't live in Poland.
                    [deleted]
                        He didn't.  
                            I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
                                Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
                    I'M OVER IT WHY CAN't YOU 
                wow. this guy.
            same dude i report all of those, im in Texas.  i just can't comprehend how kids can think that shit is cool, really bums me out that we can be sso different!
        But what i I do a Swastika, but I rotate it 90° ? 
Is it a valid "it's not nazi reference" defense? :D
            The nazis used the swastika in both positions.
                My joke was about rotating it clockwise, since it has 4 parts, rotating it 90° clockwise would not change anything.
But I wasn't clear enough :(
                    Shit, I was thinking about 45°, because a lot of people think that the nazis only used the standing one.
            Really looks a lot like the "swastikas" drawn in the Adam Yauch (deceased Jewish member of Beastie Boys) park in Brooklyn over the weekend. They were terrible and just like this one. 
        I wish the reporting function wasn't so damn slow on Origin, whenever I see that it just pisses me off.
            > whenever I see that it just pisses me off.

It'll be okay little buddy. The picture won't hurt you.
                Awww, poor thing 😟
        People are just poking fun that the same country fought in WWII. 
        Probably because it is a world war game, and even though it is the wrong war, it still has Germans. 
        Wrong world war.
        My emblem is literally a penis with hairy balls, will I get banned?
        What about dick swastikas? Caught any of the yet?
        I hope everyone knows that Nazi's sign was copied from Swastika but is a little different. 
Swastika is sacred sign for Hindus for thousands of years. 

        Is it because theirs plenty of uneducated people playibg bf1 who think the german forces are Nazi? 
        Especially considering its a WW1 game.
        Only saw two. managed to report the second. I figure those are just snarly 14 year olds that think it's cool to put up a flag that symbolises the killing of millions.
        ever seen a dick-stika?
        The amount of dickbutts is insane. Even X factor gaming has a red furry one. Only reason I know that is because he could only kill me when he was staying in his train for the entirety of operations on Argonne forest 
            Hey everyone! This guy's better than xfactor! Come look on in amazment and gaze upon this holy vision! I, myself, am at 3/4 chub just by reading his comment about how he is better than xfactor. I know that famous youtuber, xfactor, has nothing to do with this conversation other than his emblem, but seriously guys, the fact that u/cant_frag is better than him should really be the focus of our conversation!
        Here, I've made/used both. They're shitty but you get the point 

https://emblem.battlefield.com/rEDT24EIxy

https://emblem.battlefield.com/RRjoNoKIxy
    You can get emblem rights taken away but not an actual ban.
    My roommate made the SS eagle logo back in BF4 with the lightning bolts. He had it for a bit, but they force removed it and gave him like a 3 day ban for "genocide", can't remember the exact wording, but it was hilarious.
    Yes. I got banned from Battlefield 4 beta for using the [Finnish airforce emblem] (http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/f/fi%5Eaf.gif). They claimed it was third reich related which it by any means is not. What makes me the angriest about this is that while the swastika is banned, the hammer and sickle are a basic shape provided by EA. It is regarded as equally or even more offensive than the nazi symbol in many countries. As a Finn I would agree with than stance. Our enemy can fly their offensive emblem but we can't our non-offensive one. 
        Did you write to someone at EA or DICE about it detailing your stance? I think the main reason they gave the sickle and hammer was because BF4 was about a rising Chinese superpower (although they aren't really communist they still like to call themselves communist) and their Russian allies (also not communist, but seemed like it would relapse in the game).
            Dude it's ea dice, this is the same swedish studio that made half the German classes black
                Don’t forget female
        That's nonsense.  The hammer and sickle represents communist ideology which strives for equality and a social society. The swastika with few exceptions (like Finnish or Latvian armed force emblems)  is a symbol of racism and antisemitism what the soviet union did is irrelevant in the situation  

            Plenty of people have had their homes and lives ruined by men flying flags with the hammer and sickle. Somehow I don't think they'd see it as a harbinger of social equality and prosperity.
                Plenty of people got their homes destroyed by soldiers waving the Union Jack or the Stars and Stripes too. So fucking what? Soviets liberated the world from National Socialism, which outweighs Stalin's crimes by a mile in my eyes.
                    Easy there Stalin
                        Easy there /pol/ak. "MUH SWASTIKA THE NAZIS DIDNT PLAN TO CLEANSE ENTIRE RACES THE NAZIS WERE GOOD FOR HELPING THE FINNS.
                            >not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
                                >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
                    Yeah and those people would probably hate the Union Jack, I'm not seeing your point. It should come as no surprise that people in countries decimated by communism won't think the same way you do. And how many did Stalin kill, 15 million? Trivializing that is absurd.
                        Stalin's murders are, however, not linked with the communist ideology and for the most part more attributable to him and his paranoid attitude.. Hitler's murders are linked to national socialist ideology.
            The hammer and sickle is also commonly associated with the communist genocides of the 19th and 20th centuries. 
                Ok  Belgium'sflag is offensive now because of the Kongolese genocide.
                    I imagine the Congolese are pretty offended by it, yes. 
            [deleted]
                So has the Democratic USA and the parliamentary Monarchy of the UK. So?
                    I don't think it's killed almost 70 million civilians. 
                        LOL

Might want to research that mate
                        Careful, the edgy tankies are going to attack. 
            You do not seem to understand the atrocities the Soviets did? They absolutely destroyed the lives of the people in the countries they occupied. The symbol is to my knowledge banned in more countries than the swastika. Mostly in the countries affected. Do you really want to argue against that? 
    Sorry, what are 88's?
        8th letter of the alphabet is H. 

88 is/was a code for "*H*eil *H*itler"!
            Oh, Now I know! I thought it had something to do with the German 88's, the 8.8 cm cannon. 
                I thought the same thing when I first heard it. Just a coincidence I think. 88 mm guns were used by Germany long before the Nazis came to power so I do know that they didn't pick that particular caliber for that reason. 
        Sometimes it's the year you were born and you think "I probably won't be using Reddit that much so I'll just make up a lazy user name because all the ones I want are taken."
            [deleted]
                I just have to convince some random reddit detectives every couple months that I'm not a Nazi.

It's pretty weird. It's like playing Secret Hitler, but seriously you guys I'm not a Nazi.
            Well shit. I'm a 1988 kid as well. I've used 88 in my email addresses.
                Well... some places might have seen that as a plus...
    Banned from using an emblem on black ops 2 for life for a swastika and running around shouting "ACHTUNG" every time a claymore got a kill. 

Can confirm. 
    Yeah you can get banned. I reported my friends SS emblem(as a joke) and he got a 72 hour ban for "Third Reich Refrencing"
        nice prank bro!!!
    Oh yea.. 88's.. I know what that means but I dont think other people do.. you should totally explain what that is..
        Good idea! Will put in an edit...
    My friend actually was banned for having a swastika as a emblem
        Meanwhile my emblem is 1515.... with a mosque.... and explosions :/
    Not happy about this 88-HH thing. Was born in '88 so I use it a lot in usernames and on my emblem and stuff. Learned about the nazi connection and removed it from my emblem so people don't get the wrong idea. Damn Nazis.
    Or people born in 88
        Right
    Man I hope not...
    shit, i have an "88" in my emblem, had absolutely no idea that it had a meaning like this.. 
    On public or private servers? Afaik I have only seen people banned from the public dice owned bf servers from cheating and the like. On privately owned servers I've been banned for more trivial things, usually just being better than the server owner. So on a privately owned server you could defiantly be banned for this. 
    1488, ALLAHU AKBAR, DEUS VULT, FOR THE PROLETARIAT! 
    he'd probably referring to the gamertag (assuming this is xbox), not the emblem. i don't think you can actually be banned for an emblem
    Ohhhhh fuuuuck..... I should really change my username :/

I was just a fan of a Steelers receiver with the number 88 :|
    >  Already encountered many Swastikas, 88's, etc. ...

I've seen porn/genitals/etc, so no I don't think anything is getting banned currently.
    H also stands for hentai.
Do with that revelation as you will. 
    Shit
    A friend and I had a 2 week ban from bf4 when it was released for having an emblem where we were taking the piss out of hitler :')

So yeah, even satire can get you banned :(
    My gamertag used to be TAYDOLFSWIFTLER and I got reported and my gamertag auto changed. Apparently on microsoft's user policy it specifically states that you can't have any reference to a notorious person. 
    I thought 88 was referring to the 88mm flak 36
    I have a swastika as my emblem. Don't think to much of it I just think it's a pretty cool looking emblem. It's sad how many people get offended by it. Granted the nazis weren't around during ww1 but still, battlefield isn't the most realistic game out there. 
    I had a swastika. A bunch of kids started yelling at me and typing in all caps through chat about how i was a "moron nazi homo" and eventually the admin came and kicked me. No ban though.
        Just for my own morbid curiosity, in what completely fucked up retarded way did your sad little mind think it was a good idea to have a swastika as an emblem?
            Haha what a loaded question. It wasn't actually the Hakenkreuz, it was the [Buddhist swastika](https://shivaboddha.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/buddhist_swastika.jpg). Probably should've clarified above. 

To answer your question thoguh, my sad little mind thought it was a good idea to have a swastika because the server I'd been playing on had a bunch of hammer+sickles and Rising Sun flags playing regularly. Nobody was saying anything about those, so I equipped my own emblem and played... I wasn't even replying in chat, just playing the game.
            I can't believe that people actually get pissed by shit like this lmao
                Right? They're really selective about what they decide is offensive as well. makes no sense
                    Your tagalong metoo shitposting is offensive to shitposters everywhere.
            Perhaps he's historically role-playing
        Yeah, well... fuck you, moron nazi.
            Love you too bro.
            Lol... coming from edgelord satanist.
                Not really, I come from a place where Neo-Nazis used to injure and kill a lot of people up until 5-10 years ago, so my disdain for Nazi-sympathizers is fueled by experience of real-life conflict. 
This is not a edgy teen or an actual neo nazi. People report assholes and in general nobody is going to report someone for mocking a shitty person and ideology. 
    The people part of that shitty ideaology might.

My thing is, the game is rated M. Emblems shouldn't be removed or a bannable offense except in very extreme cases.
I wonder if Mr. Hilter and his dear friend Heinrich Bimmler would agree with that sentiment.
    Don't you know old chap I was head of Gestapo for ten years. Five years! No, no, nein, I was not head of Gestapo at all...I make joke.
I've had far worse and never been banned. 

Usernames: WhitePowwaaa, HitleryClinton, DirtyLube. All with profane pictures. My current one is a nasty looking dude butt fucking another hairy dude. I do it because I often make the top of the team and get a laugh out of making people look at it. 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [My Zizek-o-meter imploded a mile away.](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5ejcbf/my_zizekometer_imploded_a_mile_away/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
    I understand like, 1% of what that enlightened individual is saying.
And comedy is the last bastion of free speech
Agreed
Sortire is even bertter.
Thanks! 
    [deleted]
        Me too thanks.
    If we don't have people to explain obvious jokes, society collapses, friend. 
I wondering if realising he was too dumb to make a swastika caused a rare moment of self reflection for this bigoted vandal. 
    "Hahaha this will teach those fa- oh.. uh, shit... FUCK!!"
    You're assuming that the person who did this wasn't intoxicated.
        I bet you I could draw a perfect swastika while drunk. I hope nobody reads this without context.
            /r/nocontext
                You son of a bitch.
                /r/nocontext_wallpapers
    I feel like anyone who even defaces something by drawing a swastika has a median age range of 17. I don't think they even think about the concept behind its message beyond the cheap shock value and immaturity. 
        I agree. I think the majority of swastika graffti is probably made by edgy teenagers as opposed to actual nazis. 
        I hope the age range skews younger than that. 17 is almost old enough to buy a gun. 
            Those outliers :/
They also warship satin.
    my favorite type of fabric
        Not a reccomended material for warships 
            You'll never be captain of the USS Fabulous with that attitude.
        [Obama half-breed muslin is my favorite summertime fabric](http://i.imgur.com/UO8hJQI.jpg)
            We have so much of this shit going on right now in texas.
    How could they not?
"You tried."
This makes me cringe
    Nazi's in general 
        "Nazis" is the plural. 
            I tought you spelled it as ''cunts'' 
        You would think that neos would know how to break out a swastika on a moment's notice, but I guess not.
[Coulda sworn it was this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFTNFnEhzCQ)
You are either, A. Really good. B. Have a lot of time. Or C. Both
    > A. Really good

Not enough to reach that level so quickly. You still need to play for a shitload of hours. 
        well, you don't get really good by not playing a shit ton.
        deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3394  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/49887)
        bought it two weeks ago, already level 69,  just play a lot of domination.
[deleted]
    It's all about tanks and conquest. 115 hours playtime total at level 78. SPM is 759, and I let people fuck around on my account sometimes so my actual SPM is definitely 800+.

Also being good helps, but really it's just about not playing like an idiot, playing the objective, and using your class gadgets properly. There are just a lot of casuals on BF1.
        [deleted]
            I don't know what kind of scrub you think I am that I'd average less than 30k a round in conquest.
It depends on how you play, I am around 90 hours on bf1 and level 78. Sure, I have had lots of free time this month to play but I also play the objective full out, so I doubt the average level at 90 hours is 78.
No idea. I'm only level 65.
I'm more impressed by people who were this level in a week, including a level 30 automatico
    if i gathered every kill with every weapon that ive got, and put them all into a gun, i would probably have like 30 stars as well,  its just that im having fun with the weapon diversity instead of just getting stuck with a weapon for all the time.  


tanks + conquest, playing the objective, using class gadgets. All about SPM, you don't need a lot of M if you have a lot of SPM
I am currently at 56 and at around 45 hours. I feel like I play way too much.
Im level 69 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) with not a crazy amount of playtime, just a high score per minute because I play the objective like a madman & always set squad orders. http://m.imgur.com/ge8EEBO 
Hungry for Apples?
    Not even close to being a rip off of "Got Milk?". There is no patent on rhetorical questions.
        👈 Yes!
            My man!
                Lookin' good!
    Man, how does a guy like you go home and have sex with his wife?
        Oooh wee!
    Hungary for Apples.
Only take Objective Apples
>Abbreviation: F.D.Ä
    Front Deutscher Apfel?
Too bad emblem editor doesn't let you warp shapes, I don't think you could accurately mimic the steam and leaf
That's surprisingly close to what I use. I had no idea.
http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf4/soldier/MrGoldenApples/stats/908916037/pc/
Dem apples.
Yea
You rang?
It's copypasta
*jew
Hortler hears a Jew
I mean, I saw people using swastikas for emblems in Blops2 and BF4 and those weren't WWII either.
I think everyone knows that now, its become a circlejerk
He was a Corporeal in the Bavarian Army, not German; so no.
    I knew you existed in this world..the guy who would come and correct me.  The Bavarian Army was under the direct control of the Germans, though, no?
        Oh, I was not correcting you - only pointing out we have not Bavarian army in this game.  The Bavarian Army's officer corps and a large number of soldiers swore their allegiance to King Ludwig even under the pressure to combine with Germany.  The Bavarian Monarchy collapsed after the end of WWI.
            Intttteresting.  No I wasn't necessarily admonishing you, there is just always someone that knows more, or has a different angle.  The internet always provides those people, or you, in this case.

But does it still hold true, that while the Bavarian army was a sovereign force, it was under the direct command of German forces?  The easiest parallel that comes to mind is the Free French Army being under the (American & British dominated) Allied command structure during WW2.
                Sorry for the day delay - turkey feast an all... Happy Thanksgiving by the way.  As for Germany and Bavaria.  No, Germany did not take over Bavaria until after the war when the monarchy crumbled.
Early 20th century European governments are very interesting to study - old traditional ways versus new technology possibilities.  Very compelling reads if you can get yourself to stay awake for it.
                    Any books youd suggest starting with?
                        I wish I could point you in a successful direction but many books focus on one specific target.  Try not to spend money on them - get stuff from your local library.  You might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Sleepwalkers-How-Europe-Went-1914/dp/0061146668/ref=sr_1_8?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1480087531&sr=1-8&keywords=history+of+wwi+european+government for a get your feet wet and then you can see if you are interested enough to keep going.
            Why would an Austrian swear allegiance to a Bavarian King?
https://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_one/comments/5egng2/not_even_mad/dacakg5/
yo get the updoots
It's quicker and easier to upload. 
    Yeah, the consoles should seriously get more sharing options. Like cloud services for example. If I save a clip now, I have to press the share-button and save it, find it among the other clips (which is far, far into settings) and then copy it over to my extern HDD. After this I'll transfer it to my computer and THEN create a gif out of it.

Could just have been pressing SHARE, select google drive and then upload instead!
        www.xboxdvr.com
        Just send the screenshot via PS messages to your 2nd account.

Then go online with the Messenger app and download the screenshot on your phone. Then upload in here. 

Takes 2 minutes. 
            I never use the screenshot feature though, but thanks for the tip! Should have been able to send clips too.
                Just upload to YouTube as a private clip and then use the link to the video to make a gif with gfycat. Super easy. 
                    Yeah, thought about that recently but I haven't saved any clips to upload since then. Does it upload in the same quality as the clip is originally?
                        Afaik it does. 
                            Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
                                That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
    Its easier on PC too, I don't know if origin has a screenshot button like steam does but snapping a quick pic with my phone is a lot less effort
    Maybe on Playstation but on Xbox One it absolutely is not. As soon as you take the screenshot it goes straight to xbox.com. You don't have to choose where to send it or manually upload it. 
which one is on PC? if i take screenshots with the screenshot key they are just White screens...
But it's clearly intentionally made like that...
He's making fun of all the people with nazi emblems, it's self aware 
No, but it doesn't hurt to.
You can change it on the phone companion app 
Swasdicka
    lol
How the hell is the new xbox called "xbox one" when theres been two other generations of xbox? Riddle me that 
    How the hell is it called PS4 when there... oh, wait.
        Now answer xbox 360
World War 1
Don't worry they won't recognize it. 
Most of us wouldn't recognize it, and those that do would laugh and appreciate the joke
    It's not a joke but whatever. Also it's got Kim Il Sung's face so it's pretty hard to miss.
Neither consoles are low end.
    Considering all the PCMR threads about how their shit doesn't work with this or that, the consoles are superior.
Yeah I feel like I've seen way more swastikas than dick emblems. Which is crazy. 
    I saw a swastika made out of dicks once... Was the best player that round
        One might call it a, swasdicka...
        Bruh......

Legendary
    I've seen more smug-trump emblems than dick emblems, seems to get more of a reaction from people I think than nazi/dick stuff these days.  I saw two people aboslutely raging about it, considering I play on EU servers only I just don't understand why a) trump is being used as an emblem and b) why people are so upset by it.
    Me too. It just makes me mad seeing all this Nazi shit. Also I am living ~120 km away from where Hitler was born, so I might be a bit more sensitive than others when it comes to that...
        [deleted]
            I think this is bizarre. Nazi symbolism is a no no. Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

Edit: I just wanted to point out this argument Nazism is more evil really doesn't mean much. When it comes to policy intentions don't matter, consequences do. The rhetorical reasoning for one's policy positions can be based in hate and bigotry or could be lofty and inclusive, but if it leads to millions of people dying either one is necessary to be criticized. Regardless of what the stated intentions are of communism when put into practice it kills millions in peacetime and even more during war.

Also the money symbol people believe is more evil and representing capitalism are wrong to. Even in communist countries money is still used. Currency is simply a means of exchanging value. It is not evil or good. It's an inanimate object. Political ideologies don't physically exist except in the actions and intentions of people. The idea the cash symbol is even worse is wrong to and not a worthy comparison.


Personally I believe communism to be even more hateful than Nazism. Nazism atleast allows some people the ability to be invidivuals. Communism eradicates individualism and personal autonomy as a prerequisite.
                Not bizarre at all.

Communism wants to establish a classless, stateless society. Nazism wants the extermination of "sub-human" races so that the Aryan Race can have a great empire. 

Communistic mass killings were usually as a result of disastrous policies. The [Great Leap Forward](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Great_Leap_Forward) killed millions not because Mao and his squad thought those millions were "[life unworthy of life](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Life_unworthy_of_life)", but because they were economically incompetent. In the court of law this would be like the difference between manslaughter and 1st degree murder - both are homicidal crimes but one is worse than the other. Also another major source of communist regime deaths was Stalin, and the deaths under Stalin were less about ideology and more about his paranoia. This is not a defense of Communism whatsoever, but the hammer and sickle does not symbolize direct hatred and desire to kill certain groups of people like the swastika does.

Nazism is an inherently genocidal, violent, and militaristic ideology.
                    [deleted]
                        It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
                            The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
                            Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
                [deleted]
                    You can attribute it to the totalitarian leaders if you want, but I wouldn't blame communism as an economic system for the deliberate extermination of citizens. That's like blaming capitalism for the death squads in all those South American dictatorships the US propped up. 
                        The ideology is thick here.
                        Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
                            That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
                        You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
                            So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
                        It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
                            Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
                    [deleted]
                        3Edgy5Me
                            [deleted]
                            How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
                            "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
                        It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
                            >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

                            The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
                         Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
                        [deleted]
                            What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
                        r/im14andthisisdeep
                    "Stalin/Mao killed more people than Hitler!" https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitLiberalsSay/
                        haha new fave sub
                    > it wasn't real communism

Care to explain?
                        [deleted]
                            The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
                    There's no such thing as "real communism."

If there was, it would have been done already.
                        "Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                            Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

                            Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
                            [deleted]
                            Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
                            The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
                        Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
                            Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
                        What a strong argument. 
                    [removed]
                        lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
                            Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
                            None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
                            Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
                        Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
                        [deleted]
                            I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


                        [deleted]
                            Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
                        lol wut?
                        [deleted]
                            They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
                    The USSR is the main reason fascism/Nazism didn't take over the globe in WW2. 
                    It's amusing that gamers are talking about the nuances of a system that encompassed China and Russia for decades. It wasn't communism, they admitted it themselves.

And not really, capitalism/imperialism take the cake, 4-5 centuries of exploitation, slavery, and genocide of 4 continents. It's not a competition and seeing westerners sit above everyone else is insulting.
                        [deleted]
                            The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


                    you could say that stalin's idea of winning wars (covering up the enemy's line of sight with mountains of bodies of his gopnik armies /s) was responsible for a lot of the soviet casualties during operation barbarossa, of which there were a shitton.

USSR had more casualties than all other allied (and german, china had the second highest) countries combined, more russians died during the battle of stalingrad than the total number of german casualties. for more info I suggest you watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwKPFT-RioU)
                    You're comparing a single nation over ten years to dozens of nations over thirty or forty years.
                Because the Nazis attempted to eradicate a specific race of people.

Then again, the soviet union did actually commit actual genocide multiple times.
                    Yeah, Soviets tried to eradicate *several* races
                        [deleted]
                            They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
                            They killed people, but not for their race.
                Well, Nazism is an inherently racist ideology and Communism is an economic theory so clearly one is worse than the other. 
                Communism is not inherently bad or evil, Nazism is. Big difference.
                    [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3824 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/90867)
                        While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
                            Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
                        No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
                        Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
                        Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
                    It's not about intentions it's about consequences.
                        Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
                    [deleted]
                        That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                            [deleted]
                [deleted]
                    r/FULLCOMMUNISM 
                    [deleted]
                        Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
                            Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
                        That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
                            [deleted]
                    /r/me_irl
                        [deleted]
                            You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
                I've got like 25 lbs of books for you to read about the topic but if you aren't a historian you don't care. Suffice to say, you're very wrong.
                My picture is a portrait of Mao.
                .
                Soviet atrocities fall strictly on the period in which Stalin was at the helm. And Stalin was despised in the USSR after his death similar to how modern Germans despise Hitler.

USSR, while being shitty, was never proud of Stalin's purges. Making it a no-no would be the same as making the word  "Deutscheland" taboo, because Nazi's used it.  
                I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [COMMUNISM KILLED ONE BATRILLION PEOPLE according to Battlefield 1 subredditor](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5fjzga/communism_killed_one_batrillion_people_according/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
                You know what else is weird? Capitalist symbolism is just fine, even though it has killed hundreds of millions and exploits and enslaves people to this day.
                >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism


Yeah not true. I've debunked this bullshit myth million times so I can't be bothered to do it again. Just know that you're wrong. A short TLDR would be: people dying due to as an unintended side result of bad policy (for example: famine) is not comparable to what nazis did and can not be blamed on invidual people or ideologies.

I'll ask you to remove that part of your comment.
                    Are you trying to tell me that genocide doesn't equal famine? NONSENSE!!!
                        No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
                And if you had a dollar or pound sign, how many have died in the name of unfettered capitalism? Do you get your knickers in a twist over that? 


                This is a huge and common misconception. Many of us were raised in school systems that were still teaching cold war propaganda. It's worth doing some research on the Soviet revolution on your own to straighten out your understanding. [Also worth mentioning that capitalism has dirtier hands.]( http://www.petersaysstuff.com/2014/05/attempting-the-impossible-calculating-capitalisms-death-toll/)
                I think the reason being is because there aren't any Neo-Commie attack groups like there are with Neo-Nazis or the "alt-right". If there are any they certainly don't make themselves present with public violence and racism. The swastika is still as strong of a symbol for hate today as it was during WWII. 

When I see the hammer and sickle used in modern society I see it more of an anti-capitalism symbol than a hate symbol.

Edit: added second half about hammer and sickle
                This is because today Nazi symbolism is still used by hate groups and as a symbol of prejudice. Soviet symbolism isn't as widespread and isn't used for prejudice.
                I dont think you realize what "orders of magnitude" means. 
                Russian army didn't carry it (for obvious reasons) in WW1, but I still see it one of the symbols relevant to the conflict. Every time I see a swastika I think, "don't cut yourself on that edge kid" and "wrong war."
                maybe it's because an inherit aspect of nazi ideology is racial/ethnic purity through the extermination of "inferior" ethnic groups while Stalin's purges are associated with Stalin as a person as opposed to being an inherit part of communist ideology. in the same way we associate racism with the confederate flag but not the Union flag, despite both of their histories and cultures being steeped in racism. 
                nazis murdered. stalins victims were those he tried to save
                *sniff*
                    PURE
                You went to Egypt
                The funny thing is that Battlefield even gives you the icon of the Sickle and Hammer even premade. The hyporisy is brutal.
                "communism" isn't as well defined in space and time as nazism was, nor it target people for their ethnicity in such a large scale, maybe that's the reason
                Thank you.  More people need to understand that intentions don't matter nearly as much as consequences do.
                >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

So Stalin killed 400 million people now? That number keeps getting bigger every say! Somebody's gotta stop him!
                Capitalism preys off of people at the lowest wrung of it's influence, who's labor supply everyone, yet don't earn enough to optimistically speculate on their individual futures. Look at fast food employees, whens the last time you ate at wendy's? Yeah you can thank those people that work in that greasy ass kitchen 5 days a week. usually supporting several children. In a capitalist system, systematic unemployment leaves that family without an income, and nobody bats an eye. 
            I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/shitwehraboossay] [''I guess im quite sensitive to the swastika'' ''Yeah but what about the hammer and sickle''](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitWehraboosSay/comments/5ejj9t/i_guess_im_quite_sensitive_to_the_swastika_yeah/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
            Russia was communist near the end of WWI. 
            "B-b-b-but the famine!!!!"
                [deleted]
                    You know, the ones that pale in comparison to Hitler's.
            This is a pretty valid point.
                No it isn't. That's like saying an american flag would be bad because the American military has killed many people. 
                    You realize Stalin killed more people than Hitler right? Like 50 million people. Civilians.

The contrast being drawn is that the hammer and sickle doesn't carry the stigma that the swastika does, even though both governments did some equally terrible shit. 
                        I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
                            So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
            Lol, hammer and sickle was a flag of a country. Swastika is a symbol of nazi-ism. Why try to compare the two?
        [deleted]
            It's also likely that it's a 13 year old who doesn't know the difference between WW1 and WW2. Or a combination of the two.
                13 year olds aren't 8. 13 Year olds are stupid, but any of them with an education know the difference between WW1 and WW2
                    You're counting on 13 year olds to have an education. Most the kids in my school knew fuck-all about history even at graduation.
                        I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
                            Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
                To be honest, I don't like how in any WWII game the swastika isn't shown. It's history. I do however understand why it isn't. I just love reading and watching anything about WWII.

To be honest I feel like the German soldiers in BF1 resemble WWII Germans more than WWI Germans. Just an observation 
                    But I think that there were much less black snipers in the german WWI army... just an observation. ;)

In Germany there is a law which bannes symbols an signs of fascist movements. It is only allowed in pieces of historical art like pictures and movies. Games do not count for that category. That is why they have to be removed for the games to be able to be sold here.
                        Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
                    It was prominent in Bloodrayne
            well if you've ever been playing with a Jewish, gay or POC buddy when you see some dickhead with a nazi symbol running around it's not a "no biggie" kind of thing. these are deep wounds and having people shit in them isn't easy. 
                > these are deep wounds

Shit was 70 years ago and the people getting triggered are two-three generations removed from it. Why are they so triggered?
                    For me personally, I have direct family members who survived the holocaust. My grandparents were survivors. Most of their family members weren't so lucky. It upsets me when I see people so carelessly using swastikas bc it is symbolic of the trauma that my grandparents had to live through. I don't need pity or that kind of stuff, I don't go out and tell people and expect them to to tell me how terrible the holocaust was. But using swastikas to try to get a laugh, to get a rise out of someone, or to demean a group of people is belittling and insensitive. Will that change anything? No. But that's why it upsets me.
                    dude. if your family lost people in the Holocaust it still matters. your dismissive attitude towards the pain that the loss of people's relatives causes is super gross. 
                    Because playing the victim card is great. That's how minorities try to make white people feel guilty for slavery. 
            Yeah, thats what I am always telling myself when I see it. Maybe its just the dumbness and wannabe-edgyness of these people that is infuriating...
        [deleted]
            I absolutely dont care about other things that happen online (you can have intercourse with my mother as often as you want), but this Nazi stuff is just straight retarded IMO.
                So the only way you would care about the things I'd do to your mother is if I dressed up like Hitler and boned her eh? What gives you the riech 
                [deleted]
                    There's a huge difference between the portrayal of Nazis in a narrative, fictional or orherwise, and people making swastika emblems on an online videogame to be "edgy".

He has the right to think what he wants, as do you. Ending your message with "Lmao. Grow up." makes you lose credibility and, frankly, makes you look like the one who needs to grow up.
        I hate people being sensitive to Nazi related shit. Its been more than 70 years.... get over it. I am a German myself and I love hailing friends ironically just because its a taboobreaker. Every kid knows about the atrocities committed by the Nazis, but why would that stop me from making fun of an idiotic idiology/culture?
Also 120km dude wtf... thats like an hours drive. How does that even remotely effect you?
            For real, the game is rated M and revolves around war yet this makes him sooo upset. 

It's like living in Georgia and getting upset over seeing a confederate flag in a civil war game, people let symbols have too much power over them.


        Censoring your history doesn't make it go away. Why would you not embrace it what was done in the past instead of acting all pissy and apologistic about it.
        You live 120km from Adolf's mother's grave?
            I dont know where she is buried, but if it is Braunau, then yes.
        I wish more prettier used the logo for the Distress
Duetches Heer. (Probably misspelled that).

At least it would be historically accurate.
        Do you live in the alps?
            He was born in braunnau am Inn in upper Austria. I know because my wife came from that town. Not related though, well, so she says. 
        My wife comes from Braunnau! Every time I tell anyone where's she's from they all say, "ah, you know who else came from there?"
        Why do you have to be mad?  It's just jokes lol
            It's just jokes to some but he has a right to be upset.

Edit: Quickly whipped up an emblem myself :)
                him getting upset is why people make the emblems...
                    I know! I was just saying it's his right. Can I make emblems on the app or online? Got no time for that when I'm home in front of an xbox, I want to play.
                        Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
                            http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
                            I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
                He's probably mad Hitler lost.
        It's people like you that give it power.  I personally think we should make a baseball team called the Nazi's and make their logo a big swastika.  Once grandma is rocking it, it's not quite as menacing.  People love to keep fruit forbidden though.  

Here in America, they made the confederate flag logo more powerful than it's been since the civil  war by attempting to make it an enemy.  They should had just made it the new gay pride flag.  it would had worked way better in my opinion.

It's way easier to beat them at their own game, than to try and ban a symbol anyone can make.  That never happens though, so I guess I'm just crazy.
        dude it happened so many years ago get over it 
            yeah, "just get over" the 50 million people that were killed. How about some respect for this shit?
                [removed]
                    No one "makes a fuss" over WW1, eventhough millions were killed there, because it was "just a war". Hitler created a society that was built around systematically erradicating people based on their ethnicity and religion. Unlike Turkish genocide of Armenians and Japanese genocide of Chinese, Hitler's attrocities are well documented, so at least our society doesn't forget those (also he killed more than Japanese and Ottomans). There should nevet be a moment when people stop "making a fuss about it".

Edit: important to note, that fascination with svastikas in modern day is linked to real danger. Where I'm from (and it's far from Germany) people sporting svastikas would go out and beat up or murder people they thought were different on regular basis. It took us almost 20 years to get rid of Neo-Nazi trends.
                        Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
                            True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

                            That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
                            Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
                    [deleted]
                        [removed]
                            [deleted]
                    My family was in concentration camps. Most died. And I hear stories from grandparents and my parents about how it was.  I think it its still effecting people then perhaps a bit of respect seems fair. 

I don't know anyone that has personal stories from Viking times. But I wouldn't go lolololol 9/11 because that shit still messes with people. 
                    When people in this subreddit have family that was impacted by that war, I would say that forgetting gets pretty hard. Regardless of numbers and comparisons (even though I will say the Holocaust is still #1 in total death toll afaik).

And keep in mind these ideologies are making a comeback. We need to remember now more than ever.
                        Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
                            Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
                    All of the examples you listed are not recent history at all. People's grandparents today weren't massacred by Atilla the Hun. They were gassed and experimented on by the Nazi's. 

Ever realized that people might be more sensitive because it's the biggest genocide in recent history. 

Maybe in a hundred years or so, relatives and descendants of the victims will have the same mindset as you do know.
                TO BE FAIR to be fair Stalin was responsible for a lot of those 50 million. 

Boy am I glad I don't live in Poland.
                [deleted]
                    He didn't.  
                        I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
                            Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
                I'M OVER IT WHY CAN't YOU 
            wow. this guy.
        same dude i report all of those, im in Texas.  i just can't comprehend how kids can think that shit is cool, really bums me out that we can be sso different!
    But what i I do a Swastika, but I rotate it 90° ? 
Is it a valid "it's not nazi reference" defense? :D
        The nazis used the swastika in both positions.
            My joke was about rotating it clockwise, since it has 4 parts, rotating it 90° clockwise would not change anything.
But I wasn't clear enough :(
                Shit, I was thinking about 45°, because a lot of people think that the nazis only used the standing one.
        Really looks a lot like the "swastikas" drawn in the Adam Yauch (deceased Jewish member of Beastie Boys) park in Brooklyn over the weekend. They were terrible and just like this one. 
    I wish the reporting function wasn't so damn slow on Origin, whenever I see that it just pisses me off.
        > whenever I see that it just pisses me off.

It'll be okay little buddy. The picture won't hurt you.
            Awww, poor thing 😟
    People are just poking fun that the same country fought in WWII. 
    Probably because it is a world war game, and even though it is the wrong war, it still has Germans. 
    Wrong world war.
    My emblem is literally a penis with hairy balls, will I get banned?
    What about dick swastikas? Caught any of the yet?
    I hope everyone knows that Nazi's sign was copied from Swastika but is a little different. 
Swastika is sacred sign for Hindus for thousands of years. 

    Is it because theirs plenty of uneducated people playibg bf1 who think the german forces are Nazi? 
    Especially considering its a WW1 game.
    Only saw two. managed to report the second. I figure those are just snarly 14 year olds that think it's cool to put up a flag that symbolises the killing of millions.
    ever seen a dick-stika?
    The amount of dickbutts is insane. Even X factor gaming has a red furry one. Only reason I know that is because he could only kill me when he was staying in his train for the entirety of operations on Argonne forest 
        Hey everyone! This guy's better than xfactor! Come look on in amazment and gaze upon this holy vision! I, myself, am at 3/4 chub just by reading his comment about how he is better than xfactor. I know that famous youtuber, xfactor, has nothing to do with this conversation other than his emblem, but seriously guys, the fact that u/cant_frag is better than him should really be the focus of our conversation!
    Here, I've made/used both. They're shitty but you get the point 

https://emblem.battlefield.com/rEDT24EIxy

https://emblem.battlefield.com/RRjoNoKIxy
You can get emblem rights taken away but not an actual ban.
My roommate made the SS eagle logo back in BF4 with the lightning bolts. He had it for a bit, but they force removed it and gave him like a 3 day ban for "genocide", can't remember the exact wording, but it was hilarious.
Yes. I got banned from Battlefield 4 beta for using the [Finnish airforce emblem] (http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/f/fi%5Eaf.gif). They claimed it was third reich related which it by any means is not. What makes me the angriest about this is that while the swastika is banned, the hammer and sickle are a basic shape provided by EA. It is regarded as equally or even more offensive than the nazi symbol in many countries. As a Finn I would agree with than stance. Our enemy can fly their offensive emblem but we can't our non-offensive one. 
    Did you write to someone at EA or DICE about it detailing your stance? I think the main reason they gave the sickle and hammer was because BF4 was about a rising Chinese superpower (although they aren't really communist they still like to call themselves communist) and their Russian allies (also not communist, but seemed like it would relapse in the game).
        Dude it's ea dice, this is the same swedish studio that made half the German classes black
            Don’t forget female
    That's nonsense.  The hammer and sickle represents communist ideology which strives for equality and a social society. The swastika with few exceptions (like Finnish or Latvian armed force emblems)  is a symbol of racism and antisemitism what the soviet union did is irrelevant in the situation  

        Plenty of people have had their homes and lives ruined by men flying flags with the hammer and sickle. Somehow I don't think they'd see it as a harbinger of social equality and prosperity.
            Plenty of people got their homes destroyed by soldiers waving the Union Jack or the Stars and Stripes too. So fucking what? Soviets liberated the world from National Socialism, which outweighs Stalin's crimes by a mile in my eyes.
                Easy there Stalin
                    Easy there /pol/ak. "MUH SWASTIKA THE NAZIS DIDNT PLAN TO CLEANSE ENTIRE RACES THE NAZIS WERE GOOD FOR HELPING THE FINNS.
                        >not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
                            >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
                Yeah and those people would probably hate the Union Jack, I'm not seeing your point. It should come as no surprise that people in countries decimated by communism won't think the same way you do. And how many did Stalin kill, 15 million? Trivializing that is absurd.
                    Stalin's murders are, however, not linked with the communist ideology and for the most part more attributable to him and his paranoid attitude.. Hitler's murders are linked to national socialist ideology.
        The hammer and sickle is also commonly associated with the communist genocides of the 19th and 20th centuries. 
            Ok  Belgium'sflag is offensive now because of the Kongolese genocide.
                I imagine the Congolese are pretty offended by it, yes. 
        [deleted]
            So has the Democratic USA and the parliamentary Monarchy of the UK. So?
                I don't think it's killed almost 70 million civilians. 
                    LOL

Might want to research that mate
                    Careful, the edgy tankies are going to attack. 
        You do not seem to understand the atrocities the Soviets did? They absolutely destroyed the lives of the people in the countries they occupied. The symbol is to my knowledge banned in more countries than the swastika. Mostly in the countries affected. Do you really want to argue against that? 
Sorry, what are 88's?
    8th letter of the alphabet is H. 

88 is/was a code for "*H*eil *H*itler"!
        Oh, Now I know! I thought it had something to do with the German 88's, the 8.8 cm cannon. 
            I thought the same thing when I first heard it. Just a coincidence I think. 88 mm guns were used by Germany long before the Nazis came to power so I do know that they didn't pick that particular caliber for that reason. 
    Sometimes it's the year you were born and you think "I probably won't be using Reddit that much so I'll just make up a lazy user name because all the ones I want are taken."
        [deleted]
            I just have to convince some random reddit detectives every couple months that I'm not a Nazi.

It's pretty weird. It's like playing Secret Hitler, but seriously you guys I'm not a Nazi.
        Well shit. I'm a 1988 kid as well. I've used 88 in my email addresses.
            Well... some places might have seen that as a plus...
Banned from using an emblem on black ops 2 for life for a swastika and running around shouting "ACHTUNG" every time a claymore got a kill. 

Can confirm. 
Yeah you can get banned. I reported my friends SS emblem(as a joke) and he got a 72 hour ban for "Third Reich Refrencing"
    nice prank bro!!!
Oh yea.. 88's.. I know what that means but I dont think other people do.. you should totally explain what that is..
    Good idea! Will put in an edit...
My friend actually was banned for having a swastika as a emblem
    Meanwhile my emblem is 1515.... with a mosque.... and explosions :/
Not happy about this 88-HH thing. Was born in '88 so I use it a lot in usernames and on my emblem and stuff. Learned about the nazi connection and removed it from my emblem so people don't get the wrong idea. Damn Nazis.
Or people born in 88
    Right
Man I hope not...
shit, i have an "88" in my emblem, had absolutely no idea that it had a meaning like this.. 
On public or private servers? Afaik I have only seen people banned from the public dice owned bf servers from cheating and the like. On privately owned servers I've been banned for more trivial things, usually just being better than the server owner. So on a privately owned server you could defiantly be banned for this. 
1488, ALLAHU AKBAR, DEUS VULT, FOR THE PROLETARIAT! 
he'd probably referring to the gamertag (assuming this is xbox), not the emblem. i don't think you can actually be banned for an emblem
Ohhhhh fuuuuck..... I should really change my username :/

I was just a fan of a Steelers receiver with the number 88 :|
>  Already encountered many Swastikas, 88's, etc. ...

I've seen porn/genitals/etc, so no I don't think anything is getting banned currently.
H also stands for hentai.
Do with that revelation as you will. 
Shit
A friend and I had a 2 week ban from bf4 when it was released for having an emblem where we were taking the piss out of hitler :')

So yeah, even satire can get you banned :(
My gamertag used to be TAYDOLFSWIFTLER and I got reported and my gamertag auto changed. Apparently on microsoft's user policy it specifically states that you can't have any reference to a notorious person. 
I thought 88 was referring to the 88mm flak 36
I have a swastika as my emblem. Don't think to much of it I just think it's a pretty cool looking emblem. It's sad how many people get offended by it. Granted the nazis weren't around during ww1 but still, battlefield isn't the most realistic game out there. 
I had a swastika. A bunch of kids started yelling at me and typing in all caps through chat about how i was a "moron nazi homo" and eventually the admin came and kicked me. No ban though.
    Just for my own morbid curiosity, in what completely fucked up retarded way did your sad little mind think it was a good idea to have a swastika as an emblem?
        Haha what a loaded question. It wasn't actually the Hakenkreuz, it was the [Buddhist swastika](https://shivaboddha.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/buddhist_swastika.jpg). Probably should've clarified above. 

To answer your question thoguh, my sad little mind thought it was a good idea to have a swastika because the server I'd been playing on had a bunch of hammer+sickles and Rising Sun flags playing regularly. Nobody was saying anything about those, so I equipped my own emblem and played... I wasn't even replying in chat, just playing the game.
        I can't believe that people actually get pissed by shit like this lmao
            Right? They're really selective about what they decide is offensive as well. makes no sense
                Your tagalong metoo shitposting is offensive to shitposters everywhere.
        Perhaps he's historically role-playing
    Yeah, well... fuck you, moron nazi.
        Love you too bro.
        Lol... coming from edgelord satanist.
            Not really, I come from a place where Neo-Nazis used to injure and kill a lot of people up until 5-10 years ago, so my disdain for Nazi-sympathizers is fueled by experience of real-life conflict. 
The people part of that shitty ideaology might.

My thing is, the game is rated M. Emblems shouldn't be removed or a bannable offense except in very extreme cases.
Don't you know old chap I was head of Gestapo for ten years. Five years! No, no, nein, I was not head of Gestapo at all...I make joke.
I understand like, 1% of what that enlightened individual is saying.
[deleted]
    Me too thanks.
If we don't have people to explain obvious jokes, society collapses, friend. 
"Hahaha this will teach those fa- oh.. uh, shit... FUCK!!"
You're assuming that the person who did this wasn't intoxicated.
    I bet you I could draw a perfect swastika while drunk. I hope nobody reads this without context.
        /r/nocontext
            You son of a bitch.
            /r/nocontext_wallpapers
I feel like anyone who even defaces something by drawing a swastika has a median age range of 17. I don't think they even think about the concept behind its message beyond the cheap shock value and immaturity. 
    I agree. I think the majority of swastika graffti is probably made by edgy teenagers as opposed to actual nazis. 
    I hope the age range skews younger than that. 17 is almost old enough to buy a gun. 
        Those outliers :/
my favorite type of fabric
    Not a reccomended material for warships 
        You'll never be captain of the USS Fabulous with that attitude.
    [Obama half-breed muslin is my favorite summertime fabric](http://i.imgur.com/UO8hJQI.jpg)
        We have so much of this shit going on right now in texas.
How could they not?
Nazi's in general 
    "Nazis" is the plural. 
        I tought you spelled it as ''cunts'' 
    You would think that neos would know how to break out a swastika on a moment's notice, but I guess not.
> A. Really good

Not enough to reach that level so quickly. You still need to play for a shitload of hours. 
    well, you don't get really good by not playing a shit ton.
    deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3394  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/49887)
    bought it two weeks ago, already level 69,  just play a lot of domination.
It's all about tanks and conquest. 115 hours playtime total at level 78. SPM is 759, and I let people fuck around on my account sometimes so my actual SPM is definitely 800+.

Also being good helps, but really it's just about not playing like an idiot, playing the objective, and using your class gadgets properly. There are just a lot of casuals on BF1.
    [deleted]
        I don't know what kind of scrub you think I am that I'd average less than 30k a round in conquest.
if i gathered every kill with every weapon that ive got, and put them all into a gun, i would probably have like 30 stars as well,  its just that im having fun with the weapon diversity instead of just getting stuck with a weapon for all the time.  


Not even close to being a rip off of "Got Milk?". There is no patent on rhetorical questions.
    👈 Yes!
        My man!
            Lookin' good!
Man, how does a guy like you go home and have sex with his wife?
    Oooh wee!
Hungary for Apples.
Front Deutscher Apfel?
I knew you existed in this world..the guy who would come and correct me.  The Bavarian Army was under the direct control of the Germans, though, no?
    Oh, I was not correcting you - only pointing out we have not Bavarian army in this game.  The Bavarian Army's officer corps and a large number of soldiers swore their allegiance to King Ludwig even under the pressure to combine with Germany.  The Bavarian Monarchy collapsed after the end of WWI.
        Intttteresting.  No I wasn't necessarily admonishing you, there is just always someone that knows more, or has a different angle.  The internet always provides those people, or you, in this case.

But does it still hold true, that while the Bavarian army was a sovereign force, it was under the direct command of German forces?  The easiest parallel that comes to mind is the Free French Army being under the (American & British dominated) Allied command structure during WW2.
            Sorry for the day delay - turkey feast an all... Happy Thanksgiving by the way.  As for Germany and Bavaria.  No, Germany did not take over Bavaria until after the war when the monarchy crumbled.
Early 20th century European governments are very interesting to study - old traditional ways versus new technology possibilities.  Very compelling reads if you can get yourself to stay awake for it.
                Any books youd suggest starting with?
                    I wish I could point you in a successful direction but many books focus on one specific target.  Try not to spend money on them - get stuff from your local library.  You might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Sleepwalkers-How-Europe-Went-1914/dp/0061146668/ref=sr_1_8?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1480087531&sr=1-8&keywords=history+of+wwi+european+government for a get your feet wet and then you can see if you are interested enough to keep going.
        Why would an Austrian swear allegiance to a Bavarian King?
Yeah, the consoles should seriously get more sharing options. Like cloud services for example. If I save a clip now, I have to press the share-button and save it, find it among the other clips (which is far, far into settings) and then copy it over to my extern HDD. After this I'll transfer it to my computer and THEN create a gif out of it.

Could just have been pressing SHARE, select google drive and then upload instead!
    www.xboxdvr.com
    Just send the screenshot via PS messages to your 2nd account.

Then go online with the Messenger app and download the screenshot on your phone. Then upload in here. 

Takes 2 minutes. 
        I never use the screenshot feature though, but thanks for the tip! Should have been able to send clips too.
            Just upload to YouTube as a private clip and then use the link to the video to make a gif with gfycat. Super easy. 
                Yeah, thought about that recently but I haven't saved any clips to upload since then. Does it upload in the same quality as the clip is originally?
                    Afaik it does. 
                        Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
                            That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
Its easier on PC too, I don't know if origin has a screenshot button like steam does but snapping a quick pic with my phone is a lot less effort
Maybe on Playstation but on Xbox One it absolutely is not. As soon as you take the screenshot it goes straight to xbox.com. You don't have to choose where to send it or manually upload it. 
lol
How the hell is it called PS4 when there... oh, wait.
    Now answer xbox 360
It's not a joke but whatever. Also it's got Kim Il Sung's face so it's pretty hard to miss.
Considering all the PCMR threads about how their shit doesn't work with this or that, the consoles are superior.
I saw a swastika made out of dicks once... Was the best player that round
    One might call it a, swasdicka...
    Bruh......

Legendary
I've seen more smug-trump emblems than dick emblems, seems to get more of a reaction from people I think than nazi/dick stuff these days.  I saw two people aboslutely raging about it, considering I play on EU servers only I just don't understand why a) trump is being used as an emblem and b) why people are so upset by it.
Me too. It just makes me mad seeing all this Nazi shit. Also I am living ~120 km away from where Hitler was born, so I might be a bit more sensitive than others when it comes to that...
    [deleted]
        I think this is bizarre. Nazi symbolism is a no no. Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

Edit: I just wanted to point out this argument Nazism is more evil really doesn't mean much. When it comes to policy intentions don't matter, consequences do. The rhetorical reasoning for one's policy positions can be based in hate and bigotry or could be lofty and inclusive, but if it leads to millions of people dying either one is necessary to be criticized. Regardless of what the stated intentions are of communism when put into practice it kills millions in peacetime and even more during war.

Also the money symbol people believe is more evil and representing capitalism are wrong to. Even in communist countries money is still used. Currency is simply a means of exchanging value. It is not evil or good. It's an inanimate object. Political ideologies don't physically exist except in the actions and intentions of people. The idea the cash symbol is even worse is wrong to and not a worthy comparison.


Personally I believe communism to be even more hateful than Nazism. Nazism atleast allows some people the ability to be invidivuals. Communism eradicates individualism and personal autonomy as a prerequisite.
            Not bizarre at all.

Communism wants to establish a classless, stateless society. Nazism wants the extermination of "sub-human" races so that the Aryan Race can have a great empire. 

Communistic mass killings were usually as a result of disastrous policies. The [Great Leap Forward](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Great_Leap_Forward) killed millions not because Mao and his squad thought those millions were "[life unworthy of life](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Life_unworthy_of_life)", but because they were economically incompetent. In the court of law this would be like the difference between manslaughter and 1st degree murder - both are homicidal crimes but one is worse than the other. Also another major source of communist regime deaths was Stalin, and the deaths under Stalin were less about ideology and more about his paranoia. This is not a defense of Communism whatsoever, but the hammer and sickle does not symbolize direct hatred and desire to kill certain groups of people like the swastika does.

Nazism is an inherently genocidal, violent, and militaristic ideology.
                [deleted]
                    It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
                        The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
                        Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
            [deleted]
                You can attribute it to the totalitarian leaders if you want, but I wouldn't blame communism as an economic system for the deliberate extermination of citizens. That's like blaming capitalism for the death squads in all those South American dictatorships the US propped up. 
                    The ideology is thick here.
                    Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
                        That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
                    You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
                        So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
                    It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
                        Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
                [deleted]
                    3Edgy5Me
                        [deleted]
                        How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
                        "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
                    It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
                        >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

                        The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
                     Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
                    [deleted]
                        What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
                    r/im14andthisisdeep
                "Stalin/Mao killed more people than Hitler!" https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitLiberalsSay/
                    haha new fave sub
                > it wasn't real communism

Care to explain?
                    [deleted]
                        The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
                There's no such thing as "real communism."

If there was, it would have been done already.
                    "Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                        Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

                        Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
                        [deleted]
                        Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
                        The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
                    Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
                        Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
                    What a strong argument. 
                [removed]
                    lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
                        Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
                        None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
                        Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
                    Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
                    [deleted]
                        I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


                    [deleted]
                        Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
                    lol wut?
                    [deleted]
                        They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
                The USSR is the main reason fascism/Nazism didn't take over the globe in WW2. 
                It's amusing that gamers are talking about the nuances of a system that encompassed China and Russia for decades. It wasn't communism, they admitted it themselves.

And not really, capitalism/imperialism take the cake, 4-5 centuries of exploitation, slavery, and genocide of 4 continents. It's not a competition and seeing westerners sit above everyone else is insulting.
                    [deleted]
                        The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


                you could say that stalin's idea of winning wars (covering up the enemy's line of sight with mountains of bodies of his gopnik armies /s) was responsible for a lot of the soviet casualties during operation barbarossa, of which there were a shitton.

USSR had more casualties than all other allied (and german, china had the second highest) countries combined, more russians died during the battle of stalingrad than the total number of german casualties. for more info I suggest you watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwKPFT-RioU)
                You're comparing a single nation over ten years to dozens of nations over thirty or forty years.
            Because the Nazis attempted to eradicate a specific race of people.

Then again, the soviet union did actually commit actual genocide multiple times.
                Yeah, Soviets tried to eradicate *several* races
                    [deleted]
                        They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
                        They killed people, but not for their race.
            Well, Nazism is an inherently racist ideology and Communism is an economic theory so clearly one is worse than the other. 
            Communism is not inherently bad or evil, Nazism is. Big difference.
                [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3824 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/90867)
                    While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
                        Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
                    No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
                    Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
                    Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
                It's not about intentions it's about consequences.
                    Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
                [deleted]
                    That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                r/FULLCOMMUNISM 
                [deleted]
                    Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
                        Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
                    That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
                        [deleted]
                /r/me_irl
                    [deleted]
                        You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
            I've got like 25 lbs of books for you to read about the topic but if you aren't a historian you don't care. Suffice to say, you're very wrong.
            My picture is a portrait of Mao.
            .
            Soviet atrocities fall strictly on the period in which Stalin was at the helm. And Stalin was despised in the USSR after his death similar to how modern Germans despise Hitler.

USSR, while being shitty, was never proud of Stalin's purges. Making it a no-no would be the same as making the word  "Deutscheland" taboo, because Nazi's used it.  
            I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [COMMUNISM KILLED ONE BATRILLION PEOPLE according to Battlefield 1 subredditor](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5fjzga/communism_killed_one_batrillion_people_according/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
            You know what else is weird? Capitalist symbolism is just fine, even though it has killed hundreds of millions and exploits and enslaves people to this day.
            >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism


Yeah not true. I've debunked this bullshit myth million times so I can't be bothered to do it again. Just know that you're wrong. A short TLDR would be: people dying due to as an unintended side result of bad policy (for example: famine) is not comparable to what nazis did and can not be blamed on invidual people or ideologies.

I'll ask you to remove that part of your comment.
                Are you trying to tell me that genocide doesn't equal famine? NONSENSE!!!
                    No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
            And if you had a dollar or pound sign, how many have died in the name of unfettered capitalism? Do you get your knickers in a twist over that? 


            This is a huge and common misconception. Many of us were raised in school systems that were still teaching cold war propaganda. It's worth doing some research on the Soviet revolution on your own to straighten out your understanding. [Also worth mentioning that capitalism has dirtier hands.]( http://www.petersaysstuff.com/2014/05/attempting-the-impossible-calculating-capitalisms-death-toll/)
            I think the reason being is because there aren't any Neo-Commie attack groups like there are with Neo-Nazis or the "alt-right". If there are any they certainly don't make themselves present with public violence and racism. The swastika is still as strong of a symbol for hate today as it was during WWII. 

When I see the hammer and sickle used in modern society I see it more of an anti-capitalism symbol than a hate symbol.

Edit: added second half about hammer and sickle
            This is because today Nazi symbolism is still used by hate groups and as a symbol of prejudice. Soviet symbolism isn't as widespread and isn't used for prejudice.
            I dont think you realize what "orders of magnitude" means. 
            Russian army didn't carry it (for obvious reasons) in WW1, but I still see it one of the symbols relevant to the conflict. Every time I see a swastika I think, "don't cut yourself on that edge kid" and "wrong war."
            maybe it's because an inherit aspect of nazi ideology is racial/ethnic purity through the extermination of "inferior" ethnic groups while Stalin's purges are associated with Stalin as a person as opposed to being an inherit part of communist ideology. in the same way we associate racism with the confederate flag but not the Union flag, despite both of their histories and cultures being steeped in racism. 
            nazis murdered. stalins victims were those he tried to save
            *sniff*
                PURE
            You went to Egypt
            The funny thing is that Battlefield even gives you the icon of the Sickle and Hammer even premade. The hyporisy is brutal.
            "communism" isn't as well defined in space and time as nazism was, nor it target people for their ethnicity in such a large scale, maybe that's the reason
            Thank you.  More people need to understand that intentions don't matter nearly as much as consequences do.
            >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

So Stalin killed 400 million people now? That number keeps getting bigger every say! Somebody's gotta stop him!
            Capitalism preys off of people at the lowest wrung of it's influence, who's labor supply everyone, yet don't earn enough to optimistically speculate on their individual futures. Look at fast food employees, whens the last time you ate at wendy's? Yeah you can thank those people that work in that greasy ass kitchen 5 days a week. usually supporting several children. In a capitalist system, systematic unemployment leaves that family without an income, and nobody bats an eye. 
        I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/shitwehraboossay] [''I guess im quite sensitive to the swastika'' ''Yeah but what about the hammer and sickle''](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitWehraboosSay/comments/5ejj9t/i_guess_im_quite_sensitive_to_the_swastika_yeah/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
        Russia was communist near the end of WWI. 
        "B-b-b-but the famine!!!!"
            [deleted]
                You know, the ones that pale in comparison to Hitler's.
        This is a pretty valid point.
            No it isn't. That's like saying an american flag would be bad because the American military has killed many people. 
                You realize Stalin killed more people than Hitler right? Like 50 million people. Civilians.

The contrast being drawn is that the hammer and sickle doesn't carry the stigma that the swastika does, even though both governments did some equally terrible shit. 
                    I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
                        So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
        Lol, hammer and sickle was a flag of a country. Swastika is a symbol of nazi-ism. Why try to compare the two?
    [deleted]
        It's also likely that it's a 13 year old who doesn't know the difference between WW1 and WW2. Or a combination of the two.
            13 year olds aren't 8. 13 Year olds are stupid, but any of them with an education know the difference between WW1 and WW2
                You're counting on 13 year olds to have an education. Most the kids in my school knew fuck-all about history even at graduation.
                    I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
                        Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
            To be honest, I don't like how in any WWII game the swastika isn't shown. It's history. I do however understand why it isn't. I just love reading and watching anything about WWII.

To be honest I feel like the German soldiers in BF1 resemble WWII Germans more than WWI Germans. Just an observation 
                But I think that there were much less black snipers in the german WWI army... just an observation. ;)

In Germany there is a law which bannes symbols an signs of fascist movements. It is only allowed in pieces of historical art like pictures and movies. Games do not count for that category. That is why they have to be removed for the games to be able to be sold here.
                    Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
                It was prominent in Bloodrayne
        well if you've ever been playing with a Jewish, gay or POC buddy when you see some dickhead with a nazi symbol running around it's not a "no biggie" kind of thing. these are deep wounds and having people shit in them isn't easy. 
            > these are deep wounds

Shit was 70 years ago and the people getting triggered are two-three generations removed from it. Why are they so triggered?
                For me personally, I have direct family members who survived the holocaust. My grandparents were survivors. Most of their family members weren't so lucky. It upsets me when I see people so carelessly using swastikas bc it is symbolic of the trauma that my grandparents had to live through. I don't need pity or that kind of stuff, I don't go out and tell people and expect them to to tell me how terrible the holocaust was. But using swastikas to try to get a laugh, to get a rise out of someone, or to demean a group of people is belittling and insensitive. Will that change anything? No. But that's why it upsets me.
                dude. if your family lost people in the Holocaust it still matters. your dismissive attitude towards the pain that the loss of people's relatives causes is super gross. 
                Because playing the victim card is great. That's how minorities try to make white people feel guilty for slavery. 
        Yeah, thats what I am always telling myself when I see it. Maybe its just the dumbness and wannabe-edgyness of these people that is infuriating...
    [deleted]
        I absolutely dont care about other things that happen online (you can have intercourse with my mother as often as you want), but this Nazi stuff is just straight retarded IMO.
            So the only way you would care about the things I'd do to your mother is if I dressed up like Hitler and boned her eh? What gives you the riech 
            [deleted]
                There's a huge difference between the portrayal of Nazis in a narrative, fictional or orherwise, and people making swastika emblems on an online videogame to be "edgy".

He has the right to think what he wants, as do you. Ending your message with "Lmao. Grow up." makes you lose credibility and, frankly, makes you look like the one who needs to grow up.
    I hate people being sensitive to Nazi related shit. Its been more than 70 years.... get over it. I am a German myself and I love hailing friends ironically just because its a taboobreaker. Every kid knows about the atrocities committed by the Nazis, but why would that stop me from making fun of an idiotic idiology/culture?
Also 120km dude wtf... thats like an hours drive. How does that even remotely effect you?
        For real, the game is rated M and revolves around war yet this makes him sooo upset. 

It's like living in Georgia and getting upset over seeing a confederate flag in a civil war game, people let symbols have too much power over them.


    Censoring your history doesn't make it go away. Why would you not embrace it what was done in the past instead of acting all pissy and apologistic about it.
    You live 120km from Adolf's mother's grave?
        I dont know where she is buried, but if it is Braunau, then yes.
    I wish more prettier used the logo for the Distress
Duetches Heer. (Probably misspelled that).

At least it would be historically accurate.
    Do you live in the alps?
        He was born in braunnau am Inn in upper Austria. I know because my wife came from that town. Not related though, well, so she says. 
    My wife comes from Braunnau! Every time I tell anyone where's she's from they all say, "ah, you know who else came from there?"
    Why do you have to be mad?  It's just jokes lol
        It's just jokes to some but he has a right to be upset.

Edit: Quickly whipped up an emblem myself :)
            him getting upset is why people make the emblems...
                I know! I was just saying it's his right. Can I make emblems on the app or online? Got no time for that when I'm home in front of an xbox, I want to play.
                    Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
                        http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
                        I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
            He's probably mad Hitler lost.
    It's people like you that give it power.  I personally think we should make a baseball team called the Nazi's and make their logo a big swastika.  Once grandma is rocking it, it's not quite as menacing.  People love to keep fruit forbidden though.  

Here in America, they made the confederate flag logo more powerful than it's been since the civil  war by attempting to make it an enemy.  They should had just made it the new gay pride flag.  it would had worked way better in my opinion.

It's way easier to beat them at their own game, than to try and ban a symbol anyone can make.  That never happens though, so I guess I'm just crazy.
    dude it happened so many years ago get over it 
        yeah, "just get over" the 50 million people that were killed. How about some respect for this shit?
            [removed]
                No one "makes a fuss" over WW1, eventhough millions were killed there, because it was "just a war". Hitler created a society that was built around systematically erradicating people based on their ethnicity and religion. Unlike Turkish genocide of Armenians and Japanese genocide of Chinese, Hitler's attrocities are well documented, so at least our society doesn't forget those (also he killed more than Japanese and Ottomans). There should nevet be a moment when people stop "making a fuss about it".

Edit: important to note, that fascination with svastikas in modern day is linked to real danger. Where I'm from (and it's far from Germany) people sporting svastikas would go out and beat up or murder people they thought were different on regular basis. It took us almost 20 years to get rid of Neo-Nazi trends.
                    Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
                        True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

                        That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
                        Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
                [deleted]
                    [removed]
                        [deleted]
                My family was in concentration camps. Most died. And I hear stories from grandparents and my parents about how it was.  I think it its still effecting people then perhaps a bit of respect seems fair. 

I don't know anyone that has personal stories from Viking times. But I wouldn't go lolololol 9/11 because that shit still messes with people. 
                When people in this subreddit have family that was impacted by that war, I would say that forgetting gets pretty hard. Regardless of numbers and comparisons (even though I will say the Holocaust is still #1 in total death toll afaik).

And keep in mind these ideologies are making a comeback. We need to remember now more than ever.
                    Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
                        Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
                All of the examples you listed are not recent history at all. People's grandparents today weren't massacred by Atilla the Hun. They were gassed and experimented on by the Nazi's. 

Ever realized that people might be more sensitive because it's the biggest genocide in recent history. 

Maybe in a hundred years or so, relatives and descendants of the victims will have the same mindset as you do know.
            TO BE FAIR to be fair Stalin was responsible for a lot of those 50 million. 

Boy am I glad I don't live in Poland.
            [deleted]
                He didn't.  
                    I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
                        Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
            I'M OVER IT WHY CAN't YOU 
        wow. this guy.
    same dude i report all of those, im in Texas.  i just can't comprehend how kids can think that shit is cool, really bums me out that we can be sso different!
But what i I do a Swastika, but I rotate it 90° ? 
Is it a valid "it's not nazi reference" defense? :D
    The nazis used the swastika in both positions.
        My joke was about rotating it clockwise, since it has 4 parts, rotating it 90° clockwise would not change anything.
But I wasn't clear enough :(
            Shit, I was thinking about 45°, because a lot of people think that the nazis only used the standing one.
    Really looks a lot like the "swastikas" drawn in the Adam Yauch (deceased Jewish member of Beastie Boys) park in Brooklyn over the weekend. They were terrible and just like this one. 
I wish the reporting function wasn't so damn slow on Origin, whenever I see that it just pisses me off.
    > whenever I see that it just pisses me off.

It'll be okay little buddy. The picture won't hurt you.
        Awww, poor thing 😟
People are just poking fun that the same country fought in WWII. 
Probably because it is a world war game, and even though it is the wrong war, it still has Germans. 
Wrong world war.
My emblem is literally a penis with hairy balls, will I get banned?
What about dick swastikas? Caught any of the yet?
I hope everyone knows that Nazi's sign was copied from Swastika but is a little different. 
Swastika is sacred sign for Hindus for thousands of years. 

Is it because theirs plenty of uneducated people playibg bf1 who think the german forces are Nazi? 
Especially considering its a WW1 game.
Only saw two. managed to report the second. I figure those are just snarly 14 year olds that think it's cool to put up a flag that symbolises the killing of millions.
ever seen a dick-stika?
The amount of dickbutts is insane. Even X factor gaming has a red furry one. Only reason I know that is because he could only kill me when he was staying in his train for the entirety of operations on Argonne forest 
    Hey everyone! This guy's better than xfactor! Come look on in amazment and gaze upon this holy vision! I, myself, am at 3/4 chub just by reading his comment about how he is better than xfactor. I know that famous youtuber, xfactor, has nothing to do with this conversation other than his emblem, but seriously guys, the fact that u/cant_frag is better than him should really be the focus of our conversation!
Here, I've made/used both. They're shitty but you get the point 

https://emblem.battlefield.com/rEDT24EIxy

https://emblem.battlefield.com/RRjoNoKIxy
Did you write to someone at EA or DICE about it detailing your stance? I think the main reason they gave the sickle and hammer was because BF4 was about a rising Chinese superpower (although they aren't really communist they still like to call themselves communist) and their Russian allies (also not communist, but seemed like it would relapse in the game).
    Dude it's ea dice, this is the same swedish studio that made half the German classes black
        Don’t forget female
That's nonsense.  The hammer and sickle represents communist ideology which strives for equality and a social society. The swastika with few exceptions (like Finnish or Latvian armed force emblems)  is a symbol of racism and antisemitism what the soviet union did is irrelevant in the situation  

    Plenty of people have had their homes and lives ruined by men flying flags with the hammer and sickle. Somehow I don't think they'd see it as a harbinger of social equality and prosperity.
        Plenty of people got their homes destroyed by soldiers waving the Union Jack or the Stars and Stripes too. So fucking what? Soviets liberated the world from National Socialism, which outweighs Stalin's crimes by a mile in my eyes.
            Easy there Stalin
                Easy there /pol/ak. "MUH SWASTIKA THE NAZIS DIDNT PLAN TO CLEANSE ENTIRE RACES THE NAZIS WERE GOOD FOR HELPING THE FINNS.
                    >not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
                        >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
            Yeah and those people would probably hate the Union Jack, I'm not seeing your point. It should come as no surprise that people in countries decimated by communism won't think the same way you do. And how many did Stalin kill, 15 million? Trivializing that is absurd.
                Stalin's murders are, however, not linked with the communist ideology and for the most part more attributable to him and his paranoid attitude.. Hitler's murders are linked to national socialist ideology.
    The hammer and sickle is also commonly associated with the communist genocides of the 19th and 20th centuries. 
        Ok  Belgium'sflag is offensive now because of the Kongolese genocide.
            I imagine the Congolese are pretty offended by it, yes. 
    [deleted]
        So has the Democratic USA and the parliamentary Monarchy of the UK. So?
            I don't think it's killed almost 70 million civilians. 
                LOL

Might want to research that mate
                Careful, the edgy tankies are going to attack. 
    You do not seem to understand the atrocities the Soviets did? They absolutely destroyed the lives of the people in the countries they occupied. The symbol is to my knowledge banned in more countries than the swastika. Mostly in the countries affected. Do you really want to argue against that? 
8th letter of the alphabet is H. 

88 is/was a code for "*H*eil *H*itler"!
    Oh, Now I know! I thought it had something to do with the German 88's, the 8.8 cm cannon. 
        I thought the same thing when I first heard it. Just a coincidence I think. 88 mm guns were used by Germany long before the Nazis came to power so I do know that they didn't pick that particular caliber for that reason. 
Sometimes it's the year you were born and you think "I probably won't be using Reddit that much so I'll just make up a lazy user name because all the ones I want are taken."
    [deleted]
        I just have to convince some random reddit detectives every couple months that I'm not a Nazi.

It's pretty weird. It's like playing Secret Hitler, but seriously you guys I'm not a Nazi.
    Well shit. I'm a 1988 kid as well. I've used 88 in my email addresses.
        Well... some places might have seen that as a plus...
nice prank bro!!!
Good idea! Will put in an edit...
Meanwhile my emblem is 1515.... with a mosque.... and explosions :/
Right
Just for my own morbid curiosity, in what completely fucked up retarded way did your sad little mind think it was a good idea to have a swastika as an emblem?
    Haha what a loaded question. It wasn't actually the Hakenkreuz, it was the [Buddhist swastika](https://shivaboddha.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/buddhist_swastika.jpg). Probably should've clarified above. 

To answer your question thoguh, my sad little mind thought it was a good idea to have a swastika because the server I'd been playing on had a bunch of hammer+sickles and Rising Sun flags playing regularly. Nobody was saying anything about those, so I equipped my own emblem and played... I wasn't even replying in chat, just playing the game.
    I can't believe that people actually get pissed by shit like this lmao
        Right? They're really selective about what they decide is offensive as well. makes no sense
            Your tagalong metoo shitposting is offensive to shitposters everywhere.
    Perhaps he's historically role-playing
Yeah, well... fuck you, moron nazi.
    Love you too bro.
    Lol... coming from edgelord satanist.
        Not really, I come from a place where Neo-Nazis used to injure and kill a lot of people up until 5-10 years ago, so my disdain for Nazi-sympathizers is fueled by experience of real-life conflict. 
Me too thanks.
I bet you I could draw a perfect swastika while drunk. I hope nobody reads this without context.
    /r/nocontext
        You son of a bitch.
        /r/nocontext_wallpapers
I agree. I think the majority of swastika graffti is probably made by edgy teenagers as opposed to actual nazis. 
I hope the age range skews younger than that. 17 is almost old enough to buy a gun. 
    Those outliers :/
Not a reccomended material for warships 
    You'll never be captain of the USS Fabulous with that attitude.
[Obama half-breed muslin is my favorite summertime fabric](http://i.imgur.com/UO8hJQI.jpg)
    We have so much of this shit going on right now in texas.
"Nazis" is the plural. 
    I tought you spelled it as ''cunts'' 
You would think that neos would know how to break out a swastika on a moment's notice, but I guess not.
well, you don't get really good by not playing a shit ton.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3394  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/49887)
bought it two weeks ago, already level 69,  just play a lot of domination.
[deleted]
    I don't know what kind of scrub you think I am that I'd average less than 30k a round in conquest.
👈 Yes!
    My man!
        Lookin' good!
Oooh wee!
Oh, I was not correcting you - only pointing out we have not Bavarian army in this game.  The Bavarian Army's officer corps and a large number of soldiers swore their allegiance to King Ludwig even under the pressure to combine with Germany.  The Bavarian Monarchy collapsed after the end of WWI.
    Intttteresting.  No I wasn't necessarily admonishing you, there is just always someone that knows more, or has a different angle.  The internet always provides those people, or you, in this case.

But does it still hold true, that while the Bavarian army was a sovereign force, it was under the direct command of German forces?  The easiest parallel that comes to mind is the Free French Army being under the (American & British dominated) Allied command structure during WW2.
        Sorry for the day delay - turkey feast an all... Happy Thanksgiving by the way.  As for Germany and Bavaria.  No, Germany did not take over Bavaria until after the war when the monarchy crumbled.
Early 20th century European governments are very interesting to study - old traditional ways versus new technology possibilities.  Very compelling reads if you can get yourself to stay awake for it.
            Any books youd suggest starting with?
                I wish I could point you in a successful direction but many books focus on one specific target.  Try not to spend money on them - get stuff from your local library.  You might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Sleepwalkers-How-Europe-Went-1914/dp/0061146668/ref=sr_1_8?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1480087531&sr=1-8&keywords=history+of+wwi+european+government for a get your feet wet and then you can see if you are interested enough to keep going.
    Why would an Austrian swear allegiance to a Bavarian King?
www.xboxdvr.com
Just send the screenshot via PS messages to your 2nd account.

Then go online with the Messenger app and download the screenshot on your phone. Then upload in here. 

Takes 2 minutes. 
    I never use the screenshot feature though, but thanks for the tip! Should have been able to send clips too.
        Just upload to YouTube as a private clip and then use the link to the video to make a gif with gfycat. Super easy. 
            Yeah, thought about that recently but I haven't saved any clips to upload since then. Does it upload in the same quality as the clip is originally?
                Afaik it does. 
                    Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
                        That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
Now answer xbox 360
One might call it a, swasdicka...
Bruh......

Legendary
[deleted]
    I think this is bizarre. Nazi symbolism is a no no. Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

Edit: I just wanted to point out this argument Nazism is more evil really doesn't mean much. When it comes to policy intentions don't matter, consequences do. The rhetorical reasoning for one's policy positions can be based in hate and bigotry or could be lofty and inclusive, but if it leads to millions of people dying either one is necessary to be criticized. Regardless of what the stated intentions are of communism when put into practice it kills millions in peacetime and even more during war.

Also the money symbol people believe is more evil and representing capitalism are wrong to. Even in communist countries money is still used. Currency is simply a means of exchanging value. It is not evil or good. It's an inanimate object. Political ideologies don't physically exist except in the actions and intentions of people. The idea the cash symbol is even worse is wrong to and not a worthy comparison.


Personally I believe communism to be even more hateful than Nazism. Nazism atleast allows some people the ability to be invidivuals. Communism eradicates individualism and personal autonomy as a prerequisite.
        Not bizarre at all.

Communism wants to establish a classless, stateless society. Nazism wants the extermination of "sub-human" races so that the Aryan Race can have a great empire. 

Communistic mass killings were usually as a result of disastrous policies. The [Great Leap Forward](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Great_Leap_Forward) killed millions not because Mao and his squad thought those millions were "[life unworthy of life](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Life_unworthy_of_life)", but because they were economically incompetent. In the court of law this would be like the difference between manslaughter and 1st degree murder - both are homicidal crimes but one is worse than the other. Also another major source of communist regime deaths was Stalin, and the deaths under Stalin were less about ideology and more about his paranoia. This is not a defense of Communism whatsoever, but the hammer and sickle does not symbolize direct hatred and desire to kill certain groups of people like the swastika does.

Nazism is an inherently genocidal, violent, and militaristic ideology.
            [deleted]
                It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
                    The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
                    Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
        [deleted]
            You can attribute it to the totalitarian leaders if you want, but I wouldn't blame communism as an economic system for the deliberate extermination of citizens. That's like blaming capitalism for the death squads in all those South American dictatorships the US propped up. 
                The ideology is thick here.
                Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
                    That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
                You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
                    So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
                It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
                    Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
            [deleted]
                3Edgy5Me
                    [deleted]
                    How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
                    "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
                It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
                    >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

                    The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
                 Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
                [deleted]
                    What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
                r/im14andthisisdeep
            "Stalin/Mao killed more people than Hitler!" https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitLiberalsSay/
                haha new fave sub
            > it wasn't real communism

Care to explain?
                [deleted]
                    The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
            There's no such thing as "real communism."

If there was, it would have been done already.
                "Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                    Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

                    Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
                    [deleted]
                    Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
                    The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
                Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
                    Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
                What a strong argument. 
            [removed]
                lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
                    Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
                    None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
                    Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
                Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
                [deleted]
                    I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


                [deleted]
                    Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
                lol wut?
                [deleted]
                    They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
            The USSR is the main reason fascism/Nazism didn't take over the globe in WW2. 
            It's amusing that gamers are talking about the nuances of a system that encompassed China and Russia for decades. It wasn't communism, they admitted it themselves.

And not really, capitalism/imperialism take the cake, 4-5 centuries of exploitation, slavery, and genocide of 4 continents. It's not a competition and seeing westerners sit above everyone else is insulting.
                [deleted]
                    The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


            you could say that stalin's idea of winning wars (covering up the enemy's line of sight with mountains of bodies of his gopnik armies /s) was responsible for a lot of the soviet casualties during operation barbarossa, of which there were a shitton.

USSR had more casualties than all other allied (and german, china had the second highest) countries combined, more russians died during the battle of stalingrad than the total number of german casualties. for more info I suggest you watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwKPFT-RioU)
            You're comparing a single nation over ten years to dozens of nations over thirty or forty years.
        Because the Nazis attempted to eradicate a specific race of people.

Then again, the soviet union did actually commit actual genocide multiple times.
            Yeah, Soviets tried to eradicate *several* races
                [deleted]
                    They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
                    They killed people, but not for their race.
        Well, Nazism is an inherently racist ideology and Communism is an economic theory so clearly one is worse than the other. 
        Communism is not inherently bad or evil, Nazism is. Big difference.
            [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3824 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/90867)
                While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
                    Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
                No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
                Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
                Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
            It's not about intentions it's about consequences.
                Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
            [deleted]
                That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            r/FULLCOMMUNISM 
            [deleted]
                Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
                    Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
                That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
                    [deleted]
            /r/me_irl
                [deleted]
                    You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
        I've got like 25 lbs of books for you to read about the topic but if you aren't a historian you don't care. Suffice to say, you're very wrong.
        My picture is a portrait of Mao.
        .
        Soviet atrocities fall strictly on the period in which Stalin was at the helm. And Stalin was despised in the USSR after his death similar to how modern Germans despise Hitler.

USSR, while being shitty, was never proud of Stalin's purges. Making it a no-no would be the same as making the word  "Deutscheland" taboo, because Nazi's used it.  
        I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [COMMUNISM KILLED ONE BATRILLION PEOPLE according to Battlefield 1 subredditor](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5fjzga/communism_killed_one_batrillion_people_according/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
        You know what else is weird? Capitalist symbolism is just fine, even though it has killed hundreds of millions and exploits and enslaves people to this day.
        >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism


Yeah not true. I've debunked this bullshit myth million times so I can't be bothered to do it again. Just know that you're wrong. A short TLDR would be: people dying due to as an unintended side result of bad policy (for example: famine) is not comparable to what nazis did and can not be blamed on invidual people or ideologies.

I'll ask you to remove that part of your comment.
            Are you trying to tell me that genocide doesn't equal famine? NONSENSE!!!
                No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
        And if you had a dollar or pound sign, how many have died in the name of unfettered capitalism? Do you get your knickers in a twist over that? 


        This is a huge and common misconception. Many of us were raised in school systems that were still teaching cold war propaganda. It's worth doing some research on the Soviet revolution on your own to straighten out your understanding. [Also worth mentioning that capitalism has dirtier hands.]( http://www.petersaysstuff.com/2014/05/attempting-the-impossible-calculating-capitalisms-death-toll/)
        I think the reason being is because there aren't any Neo-Commie attack groups like there are with Neo-Nazis or the "alt-right". If there are any they certainly don't make themselves present with public violence and racism. The swastika is still as strong of a symbol for hate today as it was during WWII. 

When I see the hammer and sickle used in modern society I see it more of an anti-capitalism symbol than a hate symbol.

Edit: added second half about hammer and sickle
        This is because today Nazi symbolism is still used by hate groups and as a symbol of prejudice. Soviet symbolism isn't as widespread and isn't used for prejudice.
        I dont think you realize what "orders of magnitude" means. 
        Russian army didn't carry it (for obvious reasons) in WW1, but I still see it one of the symbols relevant to the conflict. Every time I see a swastika I think, "don't cut yourself on that edge kid" and "wrong war."
        maybe it's because an inherit aspect of nazi ideology is racial/ethnic purity through the extermination of "inferior" ethnic groups while Stalin's purges are associated with Stalin as a person as opposed to being an inherit part of communist ideology. in the same way we associate racism with the confederate flag but not the Union flag, despite both of their histories and cultures being steeped in racism. 
        nazis murdered. stalins victims were those he tried to save
        *sniff*
            PURE
        You went to Egypt
        The funny thing is that Battlefield even gives you the icon of the Sickle and Hammer even premade. The hyporisy is brutal.
        "communism" isn't as well defined in space and time as nazism was, nor it target people for their ethnicity in such a large scale, maybe that's the reason
        Thank you.  More people need to understand that intentions don't matter nearly as much as consequences do.
        >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

So Stalin killed 400 million people now? That number keeps getting bigger every say! Somebody's gotta stop him!
        Capitalism preys off of people at the lowest wrung of it's influence, who's labor supply everyone, yet don't earn enough to optimistically speculate on their individual futures. Look at fast food employees, whens the last time you ate at wendy's? Yeah you can thank those people that work in that greasy ass kitchen 5 days a week. usually supporting several children. In a capitalist system, systematic unemployment leaves that family without an income, and nobody bats an eye. 
    I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/shitwehraboossay] [''I guess im quite sensitive to the swastika'' ''Yeah but what about the hammer and sickle''](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitWehraboosSay/comments/5ejj9t/i_guess_im_quite_sensitive_to_the_swastika_yeah/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
    Russia was communist near the end of WWI. 
    "B-b-b-but the famine!!!!"
        [deleted]
            You know, the ones that pale in comparison to Hitler's.
    This is a pretty valid point.
        No it isn't. That's like saying an american flag would be bad because the American military has killed many people. 
            You realize Stalin killed more people than Hitler right? Like 50 million people. Civilians.

The contrast being drawn is that the hammer and sickle doesn't carry the stigma that the swastika does, even though both governments did some equally terrible shit. 
                I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
                    So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
    Lol, hammer and sickle was a flag of a country. Swastika is a symbol of nazi-ism. Why try to compare the two?
[deleted]
    It's also likely that it's a 13 year old who doesn't know the difference between WW1 and WW2. Or a combination of the two.
        13 year olds aren't 8. 13 Year olds are stupid, but any of them with an education know the difference between WW1 and WW2
            You're counting on 13 year olds to have an education. Most the kids in my school knew fuck-all about history even at graduation.
                I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
                    Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
        To be honest, I don't like how in any WWII game the swastika isn't shown. It's history. I do however understand why it isn't. I just love reading and watching anything about WWII.

To be honest I feel like the German soldiers in BF1 resemble WWII Germans more than WWI Germans. Just an observation 
            But I think that there were much less black snipers in the german WWI army... just an observation. ;)

In Germany there is a law which bannes symbols an signs of fascist movements. It is only allowed in pieces of historical art like pictures and movies. Games do not count for that category. That is why they have to be removed for the games to be able to be sold here.
                Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
            It was prominent in Bloodrayne
    well if you've ever been playing with a Jewish, gay or POC buddy when you see some dickhead with a nazi symbol running around it's not a "no biggie" kind of thing. these are deep wounds and having people shit in them isn't easy. 
        > these are deep wounds

Shit was 70 years ago and the people getting triggered are two-three generations removed from it. Why are they so triggered?
            For me personally, I have direct family members who survived the holocaust. My grandparents were survivors. Most of their family members weren't so lucky. It upsets me when I see people so carelessly using swastikas bc it is symbolic of the trauma that my grandparents had to live through. I don't need pity or that kind of stuff, I don't go out and tell people and expect them to to tell me how terrible the holocaust was. But using swastikas to try to get a laugh, to get a rise out of someone, or to demean a group of people is belittling and insensitive. Will that change anything? No. But that's why it upsets me.
            dude. if your family lost people in the Holocaust it still matters. your dismissive attitude towards the pain that the loss of people's relatives causes is super gross. 
            Because playing the victim card is great. That's how minorities try to make white people feel guilty for slavery. 
    Yeah, thats what I am always telling myself when I see it. Maybe its just the dumbness and wannabe-edgyness of these people that is infuriating...
[deleted]
    I absolutely dont care about other things that happen online (you can have intercourse with my mother as often as you want), but this Nazi stuff is just straight retarded IMO.
        So the only way you would care about the things I'd do to your mother is if I dressed up like Hitler and boned her eh? What gives you the riech 
        [deleted]
            There's a huge difference between the portrayal of Nazis in a narrative, fictional or orherwise, and people making swastika emblems on an online videogame to be "edgy".

He has the right to think what he wants, as do you. Ending your message with "Lmao. Grow up." makes you lose credibility and, frankly, makes you look like the one who needs to grow up.
I hate people being sensitive to Nazi related shit. Its been more than 70 years.... get over it. I am a German myself and I love hailing friends ironically just because its a taboobreaker. Every kid knows about the atrocities committed by the Nazis, but why would that stop me from making fun of an idiotic idiology/culture?
Also 120km dude wtf... thats like an hours drive. How does that even remotely effect you?
    For real, the game is rated M and revolves around war yet this makes him sooo upset. 

It's like living in Georgia and getting upset over seeing a confederate flag in a civil war game, people let symbols have too much power over them.


Censoring your history doesn't make it go away. Why would you not embrace it what was done in the past instead of acting all pissy and apologistic about it.
You live 120km from Adolf's mother's grave?
    I dont know where she is buried, but if it is Braunau, then yes.
I wish more prettier used the logo for the Distress
Duetches Heer. (Probably misspelled that).

At least it would be historically accurate.
Do you live in the alps?
    He was born in braunnau am Inn in upper Austria. I know because my wife came from that town. Not related though, well, so she says. 
My wife comes from Braunnau! Every time I tell anyone where's she's from they all say, "ah, you know who else came from there?"
Why do you have to be mad?  It's just jokes lol
    It's just jokes to some but he has a right to be upset.

Edit: Quickly whipped up an emblem myself :)
        him getting upset is why people make the emblems...
            I know! I was just saying it's his right. Can I make emblems on the app or online? Got no time for that when I'm home in front of an xbox, I want to play.
                Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
                    http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
                    I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
        He's probably mad Hitler lost.
It's people like you that give it power.  I personally think we should make a baseball team called the Nazi's and make their logo a big swastika.  Once grandma is rocking it, it's not quite as menacing.  People love to keep fruit forbidden though.  

Here in America, they made the confederate flag logo more powerful than it's been since the civil  war by attempting to make it an enemy.  They should had just made it the new gay pride flag.  it would had worked way better in my opinion.

It's way easier to beat them at their own game, than to try and ban a symbol anyone can make.  That never happens though, so I guess I'm just crazy.
dude it happened so many years ago get over it 
    yeah, "just get over" the 50 million people that were killed. How about some respect for this shit?
        [removed]
            No one "makes a fuss" over WW1, eventhough millions were killed there, because it was "just a war". Hitler created a society that was built around systematically erradicating people based on their ethnicity and religion. Unlike Turkish genocide of Armenians and Japanese genocide of Chinese, Hitler's attrocities are well documented, so at least our society doesn't forget those (also he killed more than Japanese and Ottomans). There should nevet be a moment when people stop "making a fuss about it".

Edit: important to note, that fascination with svastikas in modern day is linked to real danger. Where I'm from (and it's far from Germany) people sporting svastikas would go out and beat up or murder people they thought were different on regular basis. It took us almost 20 years to get rid of Neo-Nazi trends.
                Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
                    True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

                    That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
                    Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
            [deleted]
                [removed]
                    [deleted]
            My family was in concentration camps. Most died. And I hear stories from grandparents and my parents about how it was.  I think it its still effecting people then perhaps a bit of respect seems fair. 

I don't know anyone that has personal stories from Viking times. But I wouldn't go lolololol 9/11 because that shit still messes with people. 
            When people in this subreddit have family that was impacted by that war, I would say that forgetting gets pretty hard. Regardless of numbers and comparisons (even though I will say the Holocaust is still #1 in total death toll afaik).

And keep in mind these ideologies are making a comeback. We need to remember now more than ever.
                Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
                    Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
            All of the examples you listed are not recent history at all. People's grandparents today weren't massacred by Atilla the Hun. They were gassed and experimented on by the Nazi's. 

Ever realized that people might be more sensitive because it's the biggest genocide in recent history. 

Maybe in a hundred years or so, relatives and descendants of the victims will have the same mindset as you do know.
        TO BE FAIR to be fair Stalin was responsible for a lot of those 50 million. 

Boy am I glad I don't live in Poland.
        [deleted]
            He didn't.  
                I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
                    Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
        I'M OVER IT WHY CAN't YOU 
    wow. this guy.
same dude i report all of those, im in Texas.  i just can't comprehend how kids can think that shit is cool, really bums me out that we can be sso different!
The nazis used the swastika in both positions.
    My joke was about rotating it clockwise, since it has 4 parts, rotating it 90° clockwise would not change anything.
But I wasn't clear enough :(
        Shit, I was thinking about 45°, because a lot of people think that the nazis only used the standing one.
Really looks a lot like the "swastikas" drawn in the Adam Yauch (deceased Jewish member of Beastie Boys) park in Brooklyn over the weekend. They were terrible and just like this one. 
> whenever I see that it just pisses me off.

It'll be okay little buddy. The picture won't hurt you.
    Awww, poor thing 😟
Hey everyone! This guy's better than xfactor! Come look on in amazment and gaze upon this holy vision! I, myself, am at 3/4 chub just by reading his comment about how he is better than xfactor. I know that famous youtuber, xfactor, has nothing to do with this conversation other than his emblem, but seriously guys, the fact that u/cant_frag is better than him should really be the focus of our conversation!
Dude it's ea dice, this is the same swedish studio that made half the German classes black
    Don’t forget female
Plenty of people have had their homes and lives ruined by men flying flags with the hammer and sickle. Somehow I don't think they'd see it as a harbinger of social equality and prosperity.
    Plenty of people got their homes destroyed by soldiers waving the Union Jack or the Stars and Stripes too. So fucking what? Soviets liberated the world from National Socialism, which outweighs Stalin's crimes by a mile in my eyes.
        Easy there Stalin
            Easy there /pol/ak. "MUH SWASTIKA THE NAZIS DIDNT PLAN TO CLEANSE ENTIRE RACES THE NAZIS WERE GOOD FOR HELPING THE FINNS.
                >not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
                    >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
        Yeah and those people would probably hate the Union Jack, I'm not seeing your point. It should come as no surprise that people in countries decimated by communism won't think the same way you do. And how many did Stalin kill, 15 million? Trivializing that is absurd.
            Stalin's murders are, however, not linked with the communist ideology and for the most part more attributable to him and his paranoid attitude.. Hitler's murders are linked to national socialist ideology.
The hammer and sickle is also commonly associated with the communist genocides of the 19th and 20th centuries. 
    Ok  Belgium'sflag is offensive now because of the Kongolese genocide.
        I imagine the Congolese are pretty offended by it, yes. 
[deleted]
    So has the Democratic USA and the parliamentary Monarchy of the UK. So?
        I don't think it's killed almost 70 million civilians. 
            LOL

Might want to research that mate
            Careful, the edgy tankies are going to attack. 
You do not seem to understand the atrocities the Soviets did? They absolutely destroyed the lives of the people in the countries they occupied. The symbol is to my knowledge banned in more countries than the swastika. Mostly in the countries affected. Do you really want to argue against that? 
Oh, Now I know! I thought it had something to do with the German 88's, the 8.8 cm cannon. 
    I thought the same thing when I first heard it. Just a coincidence I think. 88 mm guns were used by Germany long before the Nazis came to power so I do know that they didn't pick that particular caliber for that reason. 
[deleted]
    I just have to convince some random reddit detectives every couple months that I'm not a Nazi.

It's pretty weird. It's like playing Secret Hitler, but seriously you guys I'm not a Nazi.
Well shit. I'm a 1988 kid as well. I've used 88 in my email addresses.
    Well... some places might have seen that as a plus...
Haha what a loaded question. It wasn't actually the Hakenkreuz, it was the [Buddhist swastika](https://shivaboddha.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/buddhist_swastika.jpg). Probably should've clarified above. 

To answer your question thoguh, my sad little mind thought it was a good idea to have a swastika because the server I'd been playing on had a bunch of hammer+sickles and Rising Sun flags playing regularly. Nobody was saying anything about those, so I equipped my own emblem and played... I wasn't even replying in chat, just playing the game.
I can't believe that people actually get pissed by shit like this lmao
    Right? They're really selective about what they decide is offensive as well. makes no sense
        Your tagalong metoo shitposting is offensive to shitposters everywhere.
Perhaps he's historically role-playing
Love you too bro.
Lol... coming from edgelord satanist.
    Not really, I come from a place where Neo-Nazis used to injure and kill a lot of people up until 5-10 years ago, so my disdain for Nazi-sympathizers is fueled by experience of real-life conflict. 
/r/nocontext
    You son of a bitch.
    /r/nocontext_wallpapers
Those outliers :/
You'll never be captain of the USS Fabulous with that attitude.
We have so much of this shit going on right now in texas.
I tought you spelled it as ''cunts'' 
I don't know what kind of scrub you think I am that I'd average less than 30k a round in conquest.
My man!
    Lookin' good!
Intttteresting.  No I wasn't necessarily admonishing you, there is just always someone that knows more, or has a different angle.  The internet always provides those people, or you, in this case.

But does it still hold true, that while the Bavarian army was a sovereign force, it was under the direct command of German forces?  The easiest parallel that comes to mind is the Free French Army being under the (American & British dominated) Allied command structure during WW2.
    Sorry for the day delay - turkey feast an all... Happy Thanksgiving by the way.  As for Germany and Bavaria.  No, Germany did not take over Bavaria until after the war when the monarchy crumbled.
Early 20th century European governments are very interesting to study - old traditional ways versus new technology possibilities.  Very compelling reads if you can get yourself to stay awake for it.
        Any books youd suggest starting with?
            I wish I could point you in a successful direction but many books focus on one specific target.  Try not to spend money on them - get stuff from your local library.  You might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Sleepwalkers-How-Europe-Went-1914/dp/0061146668/ref=sr_1_8?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1480087531&sr=1-8&keywords=history+of+wwi+european+government for a get your feet wet and then you can see if you are interested enough to keep going.
Why would an Austrian swear allegiance to a Bavarian King?
I never use the screenshot feature though, but thanks for the tip! Should have been able to send clips too.
    Just upload to YouTube as a private clip and then use the link to the video to make a gif with gfycat. Super easy. 
        Yeah, thought about that recently but I haven't saved any clips to upload since then. Does it upload in the same quality as the clip is originally?
            Afaik it does. 
                Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
                    That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
I think this is bizarre. Nazi symbolism is a no no. Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

Edit: I just wanted to point out this argument Nazism is more evil really doesn't mean much. When it comes to policy intentions don't matter, consequences do. The rhetorical reasoning for one's policy positions can be based in hate and bigotry or could be lofty and inclusive, but if it leads to millions of people dying either one is necessary to be criticized. Regardless of what the stated intentions are of communism when put into practice it kills millions in peacetime and even more during war.

Also the money symbol people believe is more evil and representing capitalism are wrong to. Even in communist countries money is still used. Currency is simply a means of exchanging value. It is not evil or good. It's an inanimate object. Political ideologies don't physically exist except in the actions and intentions of people. The idea the cash symbol is even worse is wrong to and not a worthy comparison.


Personally I believe communism to be even more hateful than Nazism. Nazism atleast allows some people the ability to be invidivuals. Communism eradicates individualism and personal autonomy as a prerequisite.
    Not bizarre at all.

Communism wants to establish a classless, stateless society. Nazism wants the extermination of "sub-human" races so that the Aryan Race can have a great empire. 

Communistic mass killings were usually as a result of disastrous policies. The [Great Leap Forward](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Great_Leap_Forward) killed millions not because Mao and his squad thought those millions were "[life unworthy of life](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Life_unworthy_of_life)", but because they were economically incompetent. In the court of law this would be like the difference between manslaughter and 1st degree murder - both are homicidal crimes but one is worse than the other. Also another major source of communist regime deaths was Stalin, and the deaths under Stalin were less about ideology and more about his paranoia. This is not a defense of Communism whatsoever, but the hammer and sickle does not symbolize direct hatred and desire to kill certain groups of people like the swastika does.

Nazism is an inherently genocidal, violent, and militaristic ideology.
        [deleted]
            It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
                The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
                Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
    [deleted]
        You can attribute it to the totalitarian leaders if you want, but I wouldn't blame communism as an economic system for the deliberate extermination of citizens. That's like blaming capitalism for the death squads in all those South American dictatorships the US propped up. 
            The ideology is thick here.
            Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
                That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
            You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
                So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
            It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
                Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
        [deleted]
            3Edgy5Me
                [deleted]
                How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
                "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
            It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
                >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

                The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
             Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
            [deleted]
                What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
            r/im14andthisisdeep
        "Stalin/Mao killed more people than Hitler!" https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitLiberalsSay/
            haha new fave sub
        > it wasn't real communism

Care to explain?
            [deleted]
                The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
        There's no such thing as "real communism."

If there was, it would have been done already.
            "Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

                Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
                [deleted]
                Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
                The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
            Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
                Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
            What a strong argument. 
        [removed]
            lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
                Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
                None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
                Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
            Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
            [deleted]
                I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


            [deleted]
                Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
            lol wut?
            [deleted]
                They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
        The USSR is the main reason fascism/Nazism didn't take over the globe in WW2. 
        It's amusing that gamers are talking about the nuances of a system that encompassed China and Russia for decades. It wasn't communism, they admitted it themselves.

And not really, capitalism/imperialism take the cake, 4-5 centuries of exploitation, slavery, and genocide of 4 continents. It's not a competition and seeing westerners sit above everyone else is insulting.
            [deleted]
                The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


        you could say that stalin's idea of winning wars (covering up the enemy's line of sight with mountains of bodies of his gopnik armies /s) was responsible for a lot of the soviet casualties during operation barbarossa, of which there were a shitton.

USSR had more casualties than all other allied (and german, china had the second highest) countries combined, more russians died during the battle of stalingrad than the total number of german casualties. for more info I suggest you watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwKPFT-RioU)
        You're comparing a single nation over ten years to dozens of nations over thirty or forty years.
    Because the Nazis attempted to eradicate a specific race of people.

Then again, the soviet union did actually commit actual genocide multiple times.
        Yeah, Soviets tried to eradicate *several* races
            [deleted]
                They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
                They killed people, but not for their race.
    Well, Nazism is an inherently racist ideology and Communism is an economic theory so clearly one is worse than the other. 
    Communism is not inherently bad or evil, Nazism is. Big difference.
        [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3824 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/90867)
            While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
                Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
            No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
            Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
            Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
        It's not about intentions it's about consequences.
            Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
        [deleted]
            That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
                [deleted]
    [deleted]
        r/FULLCOMMUNISM 
        [deleted]
            Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
                Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
            That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
                [deleted]
        /r/me_irl
            [deleted]
                You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
    I've got like 25 lbs of books for you to read about the topic but if you aren't a historian you don't care. Suffice to say, you're very wrong.
    My picture is a portrait of Mao.
    .
    Soviet atrocities fall strictly on the period in which Stalin was at the helm. And Stalin was despised in the USSR after his death similar to how modern Germans despise Hitler.

USSR, while being shitty, was never proud of Stalin's purges. Making it a no-no would be the same as making the word  "Deutscheland" taboo, because Nazi's used it.  
    I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [COMMUNISM KILLED ONE BATRILLION PEOPLE according to Battlefield 1 subredditor](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5fjzga/communism_killed_one_batrillion_people_according/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
    You know what else is weird? Capitalist symbolism is just fine, even though it has killed hundreds of millions and exploits and enslaves people to this day.
    >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism


Yeah not true. I've debunked this bullshit myth million times so I can't be bothered to do it again. Just know that you're wrong. A short TLDR would be: people dying due to as an unintended side result of bad policy (for example: famine) is not comparable to what nazis did and can not be blamed on invidual people or ideologies.

I'll ask you to remove that part of your comment.
        Are you trying to tell me that genocide doesn't equal famine? NONSENSE!!!
            No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
    And if you had a dollar or pound sign, how many have died in the name of unfettered capitalism? Do you get your knickers in a twist over that? 


    This is a huge and common misconception. Many of us were raised in school systems that were still teaching cold war propaganda. It's worth doing some research on the Soviet revolution on your own to straighten out your understanding. [Also worth mentioning that capitalism has dirtier hands.]( http://www.petersaysstuff.com/2014/05/attempting-the-impossible-calculating-capitalisms-death-toll/)
    I think the reason being is because there aren't any Neo-Commie attack groups like there are with Neo-Nazis or the "alt-right". If there are any they certainly don't make themselves present with public violence and racism. The swastika is still as strong of a symbol for hate today as it was during WWII. 

When I see the hammer and sickle used in modern society I see it more of an anti-capitalism symbol than a hate symbol.

Edit: added second half about hammer and sickle
    This is because today Nazi symbolism is still used by hate groups and as a symbol of prejudice. Soviet symbolism isn't as widespread and isn't used for prejudice.
    I dont think you realize what "orders of magnitude" means. 
    Russian army didn't carry it (for obvious reasons) in WW1, but I still see it one of the symbols relevant to the conflict. Every time I see a swastika I think, "don't cut yourself on that edge kid" and "wrong war."
    maybe it's because an inherit aspect of nazi ideology is racial/ethnic purity through the extermination of "inferior" ethnic groups while Stalin's purges are associated with Stalin as a person as opposed to being an inherit part of communist ideology. in the same way we associate racism with the confederate flag but not the Union flag, despite both of their histories and cultures being steeped in racism. 
    nazis murdered. stalins victims were those he tried to save
    *sniff*
        PURE
    You went to Egypt
    The funny thing is that Battlefield even gives you the icon of the Sickle and Hammer even premade. The hyporisy is brutal.
    "communism" isn't as well defined in space and time as nazism was, nor it target people for their ethnicity in such a large scale, maybe that's the reason
    Thank you.  More people need to understand that intentions don't matter nearly as much as consequences do.
    >Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

So Stalin killed 400 million people now? That number keeps getting bigger every say! Somebody's gotta stop him!
    Capitalism preys off of people at the lowest wrung of it's influence, who's labor supply everyone, yet don't earn enough to optimistically speculate on their individual futures. Look at fast food employees, whens the last time you ate at wendy's? Yeah you can thank those people that work in that greasy ass kitchen 5 days a week. usually supporting several children. In a capitalist system, systematic unemployment leaves that family without an income, and nobody bats an eye. 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/shitwehraboossay] [''I guess im quite sensitive to the swastika'' ''Yeah but what about the hammer and sickle''](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitWehraboosSay/comments/5ejj9t/i_guess_im_quite_sensitive_to_the_swastika_yeah/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Russia was communist near the end of WWI. 
"B-b-b-but the famine!!!!"
    [deleted]
        You know, the ones that pale in comparison to Hitler's.
This is a pretty valid point.
    No it isn't. That's like saying an american flag would be bad because the American military has killed many people. 
        You realize Stalin killed more people than Hitler right? Like 50 million people. Civilians.

The contrast being drawn is that the hammer and sickle doesn't carry the stigma that the swastika does, even though both governments did some equally terrible shit. 
            I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
                So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
Lol, hammer and sickle was a flag of a country. Swastika is a symbol of nazi-ism. Why try to compare the two?
It's also likely that it's a 13 year old who doesn't know the difference between WW1 and WW2. Or a combination of the two.
    13 year olds aren't 8. 13 Year olds are stupid, but any of them with an education know the difference between WW1 and WW2
        You're counting on 13 year olds to have an education. Most the kids in my school knew fuck-all about history even at graduation.
            I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
                Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
    To be honest, I don't like how in any WWII game the swastika isn't shown. It's history. I do however understand why it isn't. I just love reading and watching anything about WWII.

To be honest I feel like the German soldiers in BF1 resemble WWII Germans more than WWI Germans. Just an observation 
        But I think that there were much less black snipers in the german WWI army... just an observation. ;)

In Germany there is a law which bannes symbols an signs of fascist movements. It is only allowed in pieces of historical art like pictures and movies. Games do not count for that category. That is why they have to be removed for the games to be able to be sold here.
            Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
        It was prominent in Bloodrayne
well if you've ever been playing with a Jewish, gay or POC buddy when you see some dickhead with a nazi symbol running around it's not a "no biggie" kind of thing. these are deep wounds and having people shit in them isn't easy. 
    > these are deep wounds

Shit was 70 years ago and the people getting triggered are two-three generations removed from it. Why are they so triggered?
        For me personally, I have direct family members who survived the holocaust. My grandparents were survivors. Most of their family members weren't so lucky. It upsets me when I see people so carelessly using swastikas bc it is symbolic of the trauma that my grandparents had to live through. I don't need pity or that kind of stuff, I don't go out and tell people and expect them to to tell me how terrible the holocaust was. But using swastikas to try to get a laugh, to get a rise out of someone, or to demean a group of people is belittling and insensitive. Will that change anything? No. But that's why it upsets me.
        dude. if your family lost people in the Holocaust it still matters. your dismissive attitude towards the pain that the loss of people's relatives causes is super gross. 
        Because playing the victim card is great. That's how minorities try to make white people feel guilty for slavery. 
Yeah, thats what I am always telling myself when I see it. Maybe its just the dumbness and wannabe-edgyness of these people that is infuriating...
I absolutely dont care about other things that happen online (you can have intercourse with my mother as often as you want), but this Nazi stuff is just straight retarded IMO.
    So the only way you would care about the things I'd do to your mother is if I dressed up like Hitler and boned her eh? What gives you the riech 
    [deleted]
        There's a huge difference between the portrayal of Nazis in a narrative, fictional or orherwise, and people making swastika emblems on an online videogame to be "edgy".

He has the right to think what he wants, as do you. Ending your message with "Lmao. Grow up." makes you lose credibility and, frankly, makes you look like the one who needs to grow up.
For real, the game is rated M and revolves around war yet this makes him sooo upset. 

It's like living in Georgia and getting upset over seeing a confederate flag in a civil war game, people let symbols have too much power over them.


I dont know where she is buried, but if it is Braunau, then yes.
He was born in braunnau am Inn in upper Austria. I know because my wife came from that town. Not related though, well, so she says. 
It's just jokes to some but he has a right to be upset.

Edit: Quickly whipped up an emblem myself :)
    him getting upset is why people make the emblems...
        I know! I was just saying it's his right. Can I make emblems on the app or online? Got no time for that when I'm home in front of an xbox, I want to play.
            Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
                http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
                I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
    He's probably mad Hitler lost.
yeah, "just get over" the 50 million people that were killed. How about some respect for this shit?
    [removed]
        No one "makes a fuss" over WW1, eventhough millions were killed there, because it was "just a war". Hitler created a society that was built around systematically erradicating people based on their ethnicity and religion. Unlike Turkish genocide of Armenians and Japanese genocide of Chinese, Hitler's attrocities are well documented, so at least our society doesn't forget those (also he killed more than Japanese and Ottomans). There should nevet be a moment when people stop "making a fuss about it".

Edit: important to note, that fascination with svastikas in modern day is linked to real danger. Where I'm from (and it's far from Germany) people sporting svastikas would go out and beat up or murder people they thought were different on regular basis. It took us almost 20 years to get rid of Neo-Nazi trends.
            Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
                True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

                That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
                Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
        [deleted]
            [removed]
                [deleted]
        My family was in concentration camps. Most died. And I hear stories from grandparents and my parents about how it was.  I think it its still effecting people then perhaps a bit of respect seems fair. 

I don't know anyone that has personal stories from Viking times. But I wouldn't go lolololol 9/11 because that shit still messes with people. 
        When people in this subreddit have family that was impacted by that war, I would say that forgetting gets pretty hard. Regardless of numbers and comparisons (even though I will say the Holocaust is still #1 in total death toll afaik).

And keep in mind these ideologies are making a comeback. We need to remember now more than ever.
            Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
                Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
        All of the examples you listed are not recent history at all. People's grandparents today weren't massacred by Atilla the Hun. They were gassed and experimented on by the Nazi's. 

Ever realized that people might be more sensitive because it's the biggest genocide in recent history. 

Maybe in a hundred years or so, relatives and descendants of the victims will have the same mindset as you do know.
    TO BE FAIR to be fair Stalin was responsible for a lot of those 50 million. 

Boy am I glad I don't live in Poland.
    [deleted]
        He didn't.  
            I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
                Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
    I'M OVER IT WHY CAN't YOU 
wow. this guy.
My joke was about rotating it clockwise, since it has 4 parts, rotating it 90° clockwise would not change anything.
But I wasn't clear enough :(
    Shit, I was thinking about 45°, because a lot of people think that the nazis only used the standing one.
Awww, poor thing 😟
Don’t forget female
Plenty of people got their homes destroyed by soldiers waving the Union Jack or the Stars and Stripes too. So fucking what? Soviets liberated the world from National Socialism, which outweighs Stalin's crimes by a mile in my eyes.
    Easy there Stalin
        Easy there /pol/ak. "MUH SWASTIKA THE NAZIS DIDNT PLAN TO CLEANSE ENTIRE RACES THE NAZIS WERE GOOD FOR HELPING THE FINNS.
            >not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
                >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
    Yeah and those people would probably hate the Union Jack, I'm not seeing your point. It should come as no surprise that people in countries decimated by communism won't think the same way you do. And how many did Stalin kill, 15 million? Trivializing that is absurd.
        Stalin's murders are, however, not linked with the communist ideology and for the most part more attributable to him and his paranoid attitude.. Hitler's murders are linked to national socialist ideology.
Ok  Belgium'sflag is offensive now because of the Kongolese genocide.
    I imagine the Congolese are pretty offended by it, yes. 
So has the Democratic USA and the parliamentary Monarchy of the UK. So?
    I don't think it's killed almost 70 million civilians. 
        LOL

Might want to research that mate
        Careful, the edgy tankies are going to attack. 
I thought the same thing when I first heard it. Just a coincidence I think. 88 mm guns were used by Germany long before the Nazis came to power so I do know that they didn't pick that particular caliber for that reason. 
I just have to convince some random reddit detectives every couple months that I'm not a Nazi.

It's pretty weird. It's like playing Secret Hitler, but seriously you guys I'm not a Nazi.
Well... some places might have seen that as a plus...
Right? They're really selective about what they decide is offensive as well. makes no sense
    Your tagalong metoo shitposting is offensive to shitposters everywhere.
Not really, I come from a place where Neo-Nazis used to injure and kill a lot of people up until 5-10 years ago, so my disdain for Nazi-sympathizers is fueled by experience of real-life conflict. 
You son of a bitch.
/r/nocontext_wallpapers
Lookin' good!
Sorry for the day delay - turkey feast an all... Happy Thanksgiving by the way.  As for Germany and Bavaria.  No, Germany did not take over Bavaria until after the war when the monarchy crumbled.
Early 20th century European governments are very interesting to study - old traditional ways versus new technology possibilities.  Very compelling reads if you can get yourself to stay awake for it.
    Any books youd suggest starting with?
        I wish I could point you in a successful direction but many books focus on one specific target.  Try not to spend money on them - get stuff from your local library.  You might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Sleepwalkers-How-Europe-Went-1914/dp/0061146668/ref=sr_1_8?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1480087531&sr=1-8&keywords=history+of+wwi+european+government for a get your feet wet and then you can see if you are interested enough to keep going.
Just upload to YouTube as a private clip and then use the link to the video to make a gif with gfycat. Super easy. 
    Yeah, thought about that recently but I haven't saved any clips to upload since then. Does it upload in the same quality as the clip is originally?
        Afaik it does. 
            Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
                That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
Not bizarre at all.

Communism wants to establish a classless, stateless society. Nazism wants the extermination of "sub-human" races so that the Aryan Race can have a great empire. 

Communistic mass killings were usually as a result of disastrous policies. The [Great Leap Forward](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Great_Leap_Forward) killed millions not because Mao and his squad thought those millions were "[life unworthy of life](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Life_unworthy_of_life)", but because they were economically incompetent. In the court of law this would be like the difference between manslaughter and 1st degree murder - both are homicidal crimes but one is worse than the other. Also another major source of communist regime deaths was Stalin, and the deaths under Stalin were less about ideology and more about his paranoia. This is not a defense of Communism whatsoever, but the hammer and sickle does not symbolize direct hatred and desire to kill certain groups of people like the swastika does.

Nazism is an inherently genocidal, violent, and militaristic ideology.
    [deleted]
        It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
            The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
            Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
[deleted]
    You can attribute it to the totalitarian leaders if you want, but I wouldn't blame communism as an economic system for the deliberate extermination of citizens. That's like blaming capitalism for the death squads in all those South American dictatorships the US propped up. 
        The ideology is thick here.
        Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
            That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
        You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
            So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
        It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
            Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
    [deleted]
        3Edgy5Me
            [deleted]
            How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
            "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
        It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
            >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

            The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
         Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
        [deleted]
            What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
        r/im14andthisisdeep
    "Stalin/Mao killed more people than Hitler!" https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitLiberalsSay/
        haha new fave sub
    > it wasn't real communism

Care to explain?
        [deleted]
            The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
    There's no such thing as "real communism."

If there was, it would have been done already.
        "Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
            Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

            Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
            [deleted]
            Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
            The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
        Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
            Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
        What a strong argument. 
    [removed]
        lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
            Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
            None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
            Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
        Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
        [deleted]
            I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


        [deleted]
            Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
        lol wut?
        [deleted]
            They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
    The USSR is the main reason fascism/Nazism didn't take over the globe in WW2. 
    It's amusing that gamers are talking about the nuances of a system that encompassed China and Russia for decades. It wasn't communism, they admitted it themselves.

And not really, capitalism/imperialism take the cake, 4-5 centuries of exploitation, slavery, and genocide of 4 continents. It's not a competition and seeing westerners sit above everyone else is insulting.
        [deleted]
            The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


    you could say that stalin's idea of winning wars (covering up the enemy's line of sight with mountains of bodies of his gopnik armies /s) was responsible for a lot of the soviet casualties during operation barbarossa, of which there were a shitton.

USSR had more casualties than all other allied (and german, china had the second highest) countries combined, more russians died during the battle of stalingrad than the total number of german casualties. for more info I suggest you watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwKPFT-RioU)
    You're comparing a single nation over ten years to dozens of nations over thirty or forty years.
Because the Nazis attempted to eradicate a specific race of people.

Then again, the soviet union did actually commit actual genocide multiple times.
    Yeah, Soviets tried to eradicate *several* races
        [deleted]
            They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
            They killed people, but not for their race.
Well, Nazism is an inherently racist ideology and Communism is an economic theory so clearly one is worse than the other. 
Communism is not inherently bad or evil, Nazism is. Big difference.
    [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3824 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/90867)
        While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
            Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
        No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
        Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
        Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
    It's not about intentions it's about consequences.
        Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
    [deleted]
        That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
            [deleted]
[deleted]
    r/FULLCOMMUNISM 
    [deleted]
        Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
            Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
        That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
            [deleted]
    /r/me_irl
        [deleted]
            You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
I've got like 25 lbs of books for you to read about the topic but if you aren't a historian you don't care. Suffice to say, you're very wrong.
My picture is a portrait of Mao.
.
Soviet atrocities fall strictly on the period in which Stalin was at the helm. And Stalin was despised in the USSR after his death similar to how modern Germans despise Hitler.

USSR, while being shitty, was never proud of Stalin's purges. Making it a no-no would be the same as making the word  "Deutscheland" taboo, because Nazi's used it.  
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fullcommunism] [COMMUNISM KILLED ONE BATRILLION PEOPLE according to Battlefield 1 subredditor](https://np.reddit.com/r/FULLCOMMUNISM/comments/5fjzga/communism_killed_one_batrillion_people_according/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
You know what else is weird? Capitalist symbolism is just fine, even though it has killed hundreds of millions and exploits and enslaves people to this day.
>Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism


Yeah not true. I've debunked this bullshit myth million times so I can't be bothered to do it again. Just know that you're wrong. A short TLDR would be: people dying due to as an unintended side result of bad policy (for example: famine) is not comparable to what nazis did and can not be blamed on invidual people or ideologies.

I'll ask you to remove that part of your comment.
    Are you trying to tell me that genocide doesn't equal famine? NONSENSE!!!
        No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
And if you had a dollar or pound sign, how many have died in the name of unfettered capitalism? Do you get your knickers in a twist over that? 


This is a huge and common misconception. Many of us were raised in school systems that were still teaching cold war propaganda. It's worth doing some research on the Soviet revolution on your own to straighten out your understanding. [Also worth mentioning that capitalism has dirtier hands.]( http://www.petersaysstuff.com/2014/05/attempting-the-impossible-calculating-capitalisms-death-toll/)
I think the reason being is because there aren't any Neo-Commie attack groups like there are with Neo-Nazis or the "alt-right". If there are any they certainly don't make themselves present with public violence and racism. The swastika is still as strong of a symbol for hate today as it was during WWII. 

When I see the hammer and sickle used in modern society I see it more of an anti-capitalism symbol than a hate symbol.

Edit: added second half about hammer and sickle
This is because today Nazi symbolism is still used by hate groups and as a symbol of prejudice. Soviet symbolism isn't as widespread and isn't used for prejudice.
I dont think you realize what "orders of magnitude" means. 
Russian army didn't carry it (for obvious reasons) in WW1, but I still see it one of the symbols relevant to the conflict. Every time I see a swastika I think, "don't cut yourself on that edge kid" and "wrong war."
maybe it's because an inherit aspect of nazi ideology is racial/ethnic purity through the extermination of "inferior" ethnic groups while Stalin's purges are associated with Stalin as a person as opposed to being an inherit part of communist ideology. in the same way we associate racism with the confederate flag but not the Union flag, despite both of their histories and cultures being steeped in racism. 
nazis murdered. stalins victims were those he tried to save
*sniff*
    PURE
You went to Egypt
The funny thing is that Battlefield even gives you the icon of the Sickle and Hammer even premade. The hyporisy is brutal.
"communism" isn't as well defined in space and time as nazism was, nor it target people for their ethnicity in such a large scale, maybe that's the reason
Thank you.  More people need to understand that intentions don't matter nearly as much as consequences do.
>Communist symbolism however is okay even though the death toll is an order of magnitude larger than Nazism.

So Stalin killed 400 million people now? That number keeps getting bigger every say! Somebody's gotta stop him!
Capitalism preys off of people at the lowest wrung of it's influence, who's labor supply everyone, yet don't earn enough to optimistically speculate on their individual futures. Look at fast food employees, whens the last time you ate at wendy's? Yeah you can thank those people that work in that greasy ass kitchen 5 days a week. usually supporting several children. In a capitalist system, systematic unemployment leaves that family without an income, and nobody bats an eye. 
[deleted]
    You know, the ones that pale in comparison to Hitler's.
No it isn't. That's like saying an american flag would be bad because the American military has killed many people. 
    You realize Stalin killed more people than Hitler right? Like 50 million people. Civilians.

The contrast being drawn is that the hammer and sickle doesn't carry the stigma that the swastika does, even though both governments did some equally terrible shit. 
        I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
            So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
13 year olds aren't 8. 13 Year olds are stupid, but any of them with an education know the difference between WW1 and WW2
    You're counting on 13 year olds to have an education. Most the kids in my school knew fuck-all about history even at graduation.
        I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
            Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
To be honest, I don't like how in any WWII game the swastika isn't shown. It's history. I do however understand why it isn't. I just love reading and watching anything about WWII.

To be honest I feel like the German soldiers in BF1 resemble WWII Germans more than WWI Germans. Just an observation 
    But I think that there were much less black snipers in the german WWI army... just an observation. ;)

In Germany there is a law which bannes symbols an signs of fascist movements. It is only allowed in pieces of historical art like pictures and movies. Games do not count for that category. That is why they have to be removed for the games to be able to be sold here.
        Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
    It was prominent in Bloodrayne
> these are deep wounds

Shit was 70 years ago and the people getting triggered are two-three generations removed from it. Why are they so triggered?
    For me personally, I have direct family members who survived the holocaust. My grandparents were survivors. Most of their family members weren't so lucky. It upsets me when I see people so carelessly using swastikas bc it is symbolic of the trauma that my grandparents had to live through. I don't need pity or that kind of stuff, I don't go out and tell people and expect them to to tell me how terrible the holocaust was. But using swastikas to try to get a laugh, to get a rise out of someone, or to demean a group of people is belittling and insensitive. Will that change anything? No. But that's why it upsets me.
    dude. if your family lost people in the Holocaust it still matters. your dismissive attitude towards the pain that the loss of people's relatives causes is super gross. 
    Because playing the victim card is great. That's how minorities try to make white people feel guilty for slavery. 
So the only way you would care about the things I'd do to your mother is if I dressed up like Hitler and boned her eh? What gives you the riech 
[deleted]
    There's a huge difference between the portrayal of Nazis in a narrative, fictional or orherwise, and people making swastika emblems on an online videogame to be "edgy".

He has the right to think what he wants, as do you. Ending your message with "Lmao. Grow up." makes you lose credibility and, frankly, makes you look like the one who needs to grow up.
him getting upset is why people make the emblems...
    I know! I was just saying it's his right. Can I make emblems on the app or online? Got no time for that when I'm home in front of an xbox, I want to play.
        Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
            http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
            I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
He's probably mad Hitler lost.
[removed]
    No one "makes a fuss" over WW1, eventhough millions were killed there, because it was "just a war". Hitler created a society that was built around systematically erradicating people based on their ethnicity and religion. Unlike Turkish genocide of Armenians and Japanese genocide of Chinese, Hitler's attrocities are well documented, so at least our society doesn't forget those (also he killed more than Japanese and Ottomans). There should nevet be a moment when people stop "making a fuss about it".

Edit: important to note, that fascination with svastikas in modern day is linked to real danger. Where I'm from (and it's far from Germany) people sporting svastikas would go out and beat up or murder people they thought were different on regular basis. It took us almost 20 years to get rid of Neo-Nazi trends.
        Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
            True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

            That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
            Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
    [deleted]
        [removed]
            [deleted]
    My family was in concentration camps. Most died. And I hear stories from grandparents and my parents about how it was.  I think it its still effecting people then perhaps a bit of respect seems fair. 

I don't know anyone that has personal stories from Viking times. But I wouldn't go lolololol 9/11 because that shit still messes with people. 
    When people in this subreddit have family that was impacted by that war, I would say that forgetting gets pretty hard. Regardless of numbers and comparisons (even though I will say the Holocaust is still #1 in total death toll afaik).

And keep in mind these ideologies are making a comeback. We need to remember now more than ever.
        Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
            Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
    All of the examples you listed are not recent history at all. People's grandparents today weren't massacred by Atilla the Hun. They were gassed and experimented on by the Nazi's. 

Ever realized that people might be more sensitive because it's the biggest genocide in recent history. 

Maybe in a hundred years or so, relatives and descendants of the victims will have the same mindset as you do know.
TO BE FAIR to be fair Stalin was responsible for a lot of those 50 million. 

Boy am I glad I don't live in Poland.
[deleted]
    He didn't.  
        I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
            Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
I'M OVER IT WHY CAN't YOU 
Shit, I was thinking about 45°, because a lot of people think that the nazis only used the standing one.
Easy there Stalin
    Easy there /pol/ak. "MUH SWASTIKA THE NAZIS DIDNT PLAN TO CLEANSE ENTIRE RACES THE NAZIS WERE GOOD FOR HELPING THE FINNS.
        >not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
            >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
Yeah and those people would probably hate the Union Jack, I'm not seeing your point. It should come as no surprise that people in countries decimated by communism won't think the same way you do. And how many did Stalin kill, 15 million? Trivializing that is absurd.
    Stalin's murders are, however, not linked with the communist ideology and for the most part more attributable to him and his paranoid attitude.. Hitler's murders are linked to national socialist ideology.
I imagine the Congolese are pretty offended by it, yes. 
I don't think it's killed almost 70 million civilians. 
    LOL

Might want to research that mate
    Careful, the edgy tankies are going to attack. 
Your tagalong metoo shitposting is offensive to shitposters everywhere.
Any books youd suggest starting with?
    I wish I could point you in a successful direction but many books focus on one specific target.  Try not to spend money on them - get stuff from your local library.  You might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Sleepwalkers-How-Europe-Went-1914/dp/0061146668/ref=sr_1_8?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1480087531&sr=1-8&keywords=history+of+wwi+european+government for a get your feet wet and then you can see if you are interested enough to keep going.
Yeah, thought about that recently but I haven't saved any clips to upload since then. Does it upload in the same quality as the clip is originally?
    Afaik it does. 
        Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
            That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
[deleted]
    It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
        The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
        Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
You can attribute it to the totalitarian leaders if you want, but I wouldn't blame communism as an economic system for the deliberate extermination of citizens. That's like blaming capitalism for the death squads in all those South American dictatorships the US propped up. 
    The ideology is thick here.
    Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
        That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
    You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
        So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
    It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
        Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
[deleted]
    3Edgy5Me
        [deleted]
        How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
        "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
    It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
        >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

        The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
     Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
    [deleted]
        What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
    r/im14andthisisdeep
"Stalin/Mao killed more people than Hitler!" https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitLiberalsSay/
    haha new fave sub
> it wasn't real communism

Care to explain?
    [deleted]
        The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
There's no such thing as "real communism."

If there was, it would have been done already.
    "Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
        Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

        Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
        [deleted]
        Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
        The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
    Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
        Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
    What a strong argument. 
[removed]
    lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
        Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
        None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
        Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
    Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
    [deleted]
        I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


    [deleted]
        Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
    lol wut?
    [deleted]
        They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
The USSR is the main reason fascism/Nazism didn't take over the globe in WW2. 
It's amusing that gamers are talking about the nuances of a system that encompassed China and Russia for decades. It wasn't communism, they admitted it themselves.

And not really, capitalism/imperialism take the cake, 4-5 centuries of exploitation, slavery, and genocide of 4 continents. It's not a competition and seeing westerners sit above everyone else is insulting.
    [deleted]
        The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


you could say that stalin's idea of winning wars (covering up the enemy's line of sight with mountains of bodies of his gopnik armies /s) was responsible for a lot of the soviet casualties during operation barbarossa, of which there were a shitton.

USSR had more casualties than all other allied (and german, china had the second highest) countries combined, more russians died during the battle of stalingrad than the total number of german casualties. for more info I suggest you watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwKPFT-RioU)
You're comparing a single nation over ten years to dozens of nations over thirty or forty years.
Yeah, Soviets tried to eradicate *several* races
    [deleted]
        They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
        They killed people, but not for their race.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3824 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/90867)
    While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
        Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
    No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
    Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
    Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
It's not about intentions it's about consequences.
    Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
[deleted]
    That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
        [deleted]
r/FULLCOMMUNISM 
[deleted]
    Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
        Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
    That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
        [deleted]
/r/me_irl
    [deleted]
        You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
Are you trying to tell me that genocide doesn't equal famine? NONSENSE!!!
    No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
PURE
You know, the ones that pale in comparison to Hitler's.
You realize Stalin killed more people than Hitler right? Like 50 million people. Civilians.

The contrast being drawn is that the hammer and sickle doesn't carry the stigma that the swastika does, even though both governments did some equally terrible shit. 
    I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
        So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
You're counting on 13 year olds to have an education. Most the kids in my school knew fuck-all about history even at graduation.
    I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
        Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
But I think that there were much less black snipers in the german WWI army... just an observation. ;)

In Germany there is a law which bannes symbols an signs of fascist movements. It is only allowed in pieces of historical art like pictures and movies. Games do not count for that category. That is why they have to be removed for the games to be able to be sold here.
    Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
It was prominent in Bloodrayne
For me personally, I have direct family members who survived the holocaust. My grandparents were survivors. Most of their family members weren't so lucky. It upsets me when I see people so carelessly using swastikas bc it is symbolic of the trauma that my grandparents had to live through. I don't need pity or that kind of stuff, I don't go out and tell people and expect them to to tell me how terrible the holocaust was. But using swastikas to try to get a laugh, to get a rise out of someone, or to demean a group of people is belittling and insensitive. Will that change anything? No. But that's why it upsets me.
dude. if your family lost people in the Holocaust it still matters. your dismissive attitude towards the pain that the loss of people's relatives causes is super gross. 
Because playing the victim card is great. That's how minorities try to make white people feel guilty for slavery. 
There's a huge difference between the portrayal of Nazis in a narrative, fictional or orherwise, and people making swastika emblems on an online videogame to be "edgy".

He has the right to think what he wants, as do you. Ending your message with "Lmao. Grow up." makes you lose credibility and, frankly, makes you look like the one who needs to grow up.
I know! I was just saying it's his right. Can I make emblems on the app or online? Got no time for that when I'm home in front of an xbox, I want to play.
    Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
        http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
        I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
No one "makes a fuss" over WW1, eventhough millions were killed there, because it was "just a war". Hitler created a society that was built around systematically erradicating people based on their ethnicity and religion. Unlike Turkish genocide of Armenians and Japanese genocide of Chinese, Hitler's attrocities are well documented, so at least our society doesn't forget those (also he killed more than Japanese and Ottomans). There should nevet be a moment when people stop "making a fuss about it".

Edit: important to note, that fascination with svastikas in modern day is linked to real danger. Where I'm from (and it's far from Germany) people sporting svastikas would go out and beat up or murder people they thought were different on regular basis. It took us almost 20 years to get rid of Neo-Nazi trends.
    Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
        True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

        That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
        Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
[deleted]
    [removed]
        [deleted]
My family was in concentration camps. Most died. And I hear stories from grandparents and my parents about how it was.  I think it its still effecting people then perhaps a bit of respect seems fair. 

I don't know anyone that has personal stories from Viking times. But I wouldn't go lolololol 9/11 because that shit still messes with people. 
When people in this subreddit have family that was impacted by that war, I would say that forgetting gets pretty hard. Regardless of numbers and comparisons (even though I will say the Holocaust is still #1 in total death toll afaik).

And keep in mind these ideologies are making a comeback. We need to remember now more than ever.
    Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
        Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
All of the examples you listed are not recent history at all. People's grandparents today weren't massacred by Atilla the Hun. They were gassed and experimented on by the Nazi's. 

Ever realized that people might be more sensitive because it's the biggest genocide in recent history. 

Maybe in a hundred years or so, relatives and descendants of the victims will have the same mindset as you do know.
He didn't.  
    I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
        Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
Easy there /pol/ak. "MUH SWASTIKA THE NAZIS DIDNT PLAN TO CLEANSE ENTIRE RACES THE NAZIS WERE GOOD FOR HELPING THE FINNS.
    >not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
        >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
Stalin's murders are, however, not linked with the communist ideology and for the most part more attributable to him and his paranoid attitude.. Hitler's murders are linked to national socialist ideology.
LOL

Might want to research that mate
Careful, the edgy tankies are going to attack. 
I wish I could point you in a successful direction but many books focus on one specific target.  Try not to spend money on them - get stuff from your local library.  You might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Sleepwalkers-How-Europe-Went-1914/dp/0061146668/ref=sr_1_8?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1480087531&sr=1-8&keywords=history+of+wwi+european+government for a get your feet wet and then you can see if you are interested enough to keep going.
Afaik it does. 
    Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
        That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
It's because intentions don't matter. Communism in all its good intention still has killed more people than Nazism. The consequences matter. Funny enough to bring about this "just society communists openly admitted to tactics like the "ends justify the means" and are not opposed to lying to get their way. They believe their intention to do good is the same as doing good. Communism killed so many precisely because people focused on its intentions rather than its consequences.
    The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
    Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
The ideology is thick here.
Some historians argue that it was communism was simply implemented too early. Might be worth a shot a again once AI gets more developed. 
    That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
You can absolutely blame communism as an economic system for the 40-50 million deaths that resulted from the great Chinese famine, the Soviet famines of '21 and '32, Cambodian famine etc. Failure of that magnitude is impossible without a centrally planned economy. 
    So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
It could be argued that a lot of the deaths are caused byou inherent flaws in the communist ideology. Capitalism is also not really an ideology like communism or fascism.
    Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
3Edgy5Me
    [deleted]
    How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
    "Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
It's either that or the Christian Cross. How 'bout dem Crusades?
    >'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

    The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
 Probably still the hammer and sickle, honestly.
[deleted]
    What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
r/im14andthisisdeep
haha new fave sub
[deleted]
    The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
"Real communism" is a classless, stateless society controlled by the people (like a democracy). The problem so far has been that infighting between subfactions causes counterrevolutions, and nothing gets done. They end up with a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
    Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

    Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
    [deleted]
    Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
    The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
Anybody who argues otherwise isn't sufficiently learned in history to understand this point. "Pure" Communism doesn't exist. Not because it's not been tried, not because it's never been achieved, but because the system itself inherently cannot be its theoretical version. Once you implement it, the corruption, concentrated power, etc. immediately begins to form. "But what about Lenin?" If it wasn't for Stalin staging a coup and getting rid of him, Lenin was going to do the same stuff. He already was killing political opponents and regular folks. This gets under my skin so much because somehow it's become cool to have the hammer and sickle, Che Guevara (who's another mass murderer), etc.
    Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
What a strong argument. 
lol

EDIT:

Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward Death Toll - 30,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Leap_Forward


Stalin Death Toll - 56,000,000+ http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789


Pol Pot and the Cambodian Genocide Death Toll - 2,000,000+ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_genocide
    Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
    None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
    Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
Hello friend it sounds like you've never heard of the Ukrainian genocide
[deleted]
    I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


[deleted]
    Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
lol wut?
[deleted]
    They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
[deleted]
    The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


[deleted]
    They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
    They killed people, but not for their race.
While "Nazi" used to be short for national socialist, it has become the term to describe followers of Hitler's ideology. National socialists are now just called national socialists, nationalistic (usually white supremacist) antisemites are now called Nazis. Also the symbol of the hammer and sickle is a general, global symbol of communism, while the swastika was not a general symbol of national socialism, but one specific to Hitler's Nazi party. So in the context of it being offensive, the swastika is specifically referring to Hitler's party and the hammer and sickle are referring to communism in general, not those communists who committed atrocities.
    Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
No they were formed from the very beginning to purge Jews, homosexuals, Roma, foreigners and anyone who wasn't in line from Germany and to create a German empire through military force.
Bruh, how does this not have 50,000 downvotes? Lol Hitler, the leader of the NSDAP (National Socialists AKA Nazis...the two are *always* synonymous) said in Mein Kampf that the Jews were parasites which needed to be eliminated through death. Eugenics was a forefront "science" from essentially the late 19th century to mid 20th century. Eicke's concentration camps began detaining communists and dissidents early in the regime's history. As time went on Eichmann (the expert on the Jewish question) realized it was more of a waste of time to force Jews out of Germany than it was to just systematically kill them all. This viewpoint was in total alignment with that of Himmler and Hitler, especially. Aktion T-4 which was started by Nazi eugenicists and doctors in order to preform "mercy killings" on "life unworthy of life"...this plan was then inadvertently signed off on and put into full effect by Hitler's hand. Over the course of about 3 years thousands of "undesirables" were gassed for various things ranging from minor things such as a cleft jaw to retardation. 

Keep in mine by about 1944 Himmler's SS (one of the core pillars of Nazism) had already attained several hundred thousand members. SS ideology was completely based upon pseudo-scientific racial superiority and heathen mysticism. Nazism is literally nothing other than one enormous (and racist) inferiority complex...
Extreme forms of nationalism only lead to racism and xenophobia.
Of course. Sometimes, the worst things are done with good intentions. But I don't think we have an adequate example of communism working according to the theory to be able say that it necessarily leads to misdeeds, while misdeeds are clearly part of the Nazi ideology.
That's a dictatorship under the guise of communism.
    [deleted]
Nazism is based on ethnic superiority while Communism is based on the strength of the working class. Vastly different ideologies out of which I would consider Nazism to have much more malicious intentions. 
    Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
That's an unfair comparison, because this is specifically referring to a Nazi Swasitika (tilted, white circle, red background).

If someone wants to use a [Buddhist manji](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/63/HinduSwastika.svg/1003px-HinduSwastika.svg.png) as their symbol, go ahead, because it's totally distinct.
    [deleted]
[deleted]
    You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
No. I'm telling that famine does not equal genocide.
I'm perfectly aware, but the hammer and sickle is from before Stalin rose to power, and is a symbol used all over the world. 

In modern history, the swastika has been used pretty much exclusively by Hitler. 
    So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
I'd assume most kids who have a PC, Xbox One, or PS4 and Battlefield 1 have the privilege of getting an acceptable education.
    Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
Wow lol that's a fucking travesty.

My god the censorship. I had no idea Europe had gotten this bad.

*Bad things happened, let's just ignore it and pretend it never did* :\^)
Download the app, you'll find the emblem creator in there.
    http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
    I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
Listen im not intending to ridicule the crimes that happened. I'm just saying stop lingering on that part of the history. Did you know that Jews were hunted all over the world even in medieval age?
Though Germany has the longest term of antisemitism with more than 900 years there are still other countries that hunted Jews for centuries. 

And systematical eradication happened since the founding of great societies. Romans did it too. The barbarians were put into arenas to become Gladiators and fight on the most cruel terms. Our they became slaves. And if nothing worked with them they'd be eradicated. 
    True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

    That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
    Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
[removed]
    [deleted]
Dude please read up on some history, Stalin was way worse than Hitler or the holocaust. 
    Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
I mean... you could argue that Hitler was directly responsible for starting WWII and all the deaths attributable to that.
    Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
>not being a stalin apologist makes you a neo nazi
    >Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
Hey again, I just tested the upload feature to create a gif out of the video with imager and it actually uploaded it in 360p... Just thought I'd share that here. It looked horrible.
    That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
The deaths from starvation from the great leap forward were not due to communism. They were caused by inept dictators. If you want to include them under communism, these deaths must be ascribed to capitalism:

* The genocide of the Khmer Rouge, who were supported by the CIA.
* The mass killings of US and South American unionists
* The many, many coups de etat that the US has staged in other countries
* Deaths from starvation in capitalist countries - including Etiopia and other countries stricken by hunger disasters
* Deaths from droughts
* Deaths under capitalist dictators
* many more
Capitalism had killed more than either, how does that fit into your ideology?
That's what Marx said. Communism was theorized to grow out of an already industrialized state, which Russia, China were decidedly not.
So I suppose we should blame capitalism for all the millions of deaths of the homeless and those who cant afford healthcare, right?

All those exploited workers around the world making less than a dollar a day? Fucking Capitalism using the cheapest labor they can find, which includes slave labor in places like Southeast Asia. Blood diamonds? Capitalism.

Why dont you count those deaths?
Communism is only an economic theory, exactly like capitalism.
[deleted]
How is that edgy? It's a good comparison to how dumb it is to say that communism kills. 
"Hey, this one guy pointed out something that doesn't align with my political ideology. Better just call them edgy and move on with my life in this here bubble I've constructed for myself."
>'The barbarities and desperate outrages of the so-called Christian race, throughout every region of the world, and upon every people they have been able to subdue, are not to be paralleled by those of any other race, however fierce, however untaught, and however reckless of mercy and of shame, in any age of the earth'." - Capital vol.1 ch.31

Not saying, just saying....

The crusades were reactionary to Islam spreading into Europe for centuries. The "religion of peace" didn't spread peacefully
What? Literally all of the third world's problems are caused by capitalist neocolonialism, the primary symbol of which is the US dollar.
The key word is "communists". Of course communists are going to deny one of the biggest, most violent communist groups of all because that makes them look bad. They also disavow China as ever being communist, as with Cuba, Vietnam, and the countless other communist regimes that brutally murdered anyone who disagreed with them. They all delegitimize their ideology, so of course they're going to lie. They're going to lie their ass off not only to try legitimizing their ideals in the eyes of others, but in their own eyes as they dupe themselves into believing that their whole political party can do no wrong, and convincing themselves that "no, those guys weren't true communists, none of them were. My ideology isn't wrong or flawed in any way, it's just perfect and goody-goody." Nobody other than communists will deny that the Soviet Union and other communist powers were, in fact, communists. Everyone else agrees while the communists continue in a state of denial and wishful thinking.
Can you repeat that? But cite sources, put them in Chicago citation format, make it like at least 11-13 pages long and then send it to me? 

Step 1: Capitalism.  
Step 2: Revolution.  
Step 3: Government with absolute power ("Dictatorship of the Proletariat").  
Step 4: The dictatorship selflessly casts the Ring of Power into the fires of Mount Doom whence it came.  
Step 5: Utopia forever.  

For some reason there seems to be a problem going from step 3 to step 4, which is why attempted Communism always produces totalitarian shit-holes. Pro tip for utopians: if one of the steps in your plan is a government with absolute power, that's the last step your plan is ever going to see.
[deleted]
Professor Noam Chomsky everyone.
The problem is that everyone with any sort of power has to hand over the reigns of power and devolve it to the local level *everywhere* in order for communism to work. If it had already been instituted, it would probably work well, but getting it into place is pretty much impossible. 
Stalin didn't really stage a coup against Lenin. As he was already dead when Stalin took power
Iirc both Stalin and Mao's death tolls are directly due to famines. Mao ordered the killing of a bird that unknowingly was vital to crop production, sparking a man made famine. Stalin just had normal famine that killed many more Russians than the war did.

Edit: Mao's was due mainly to famine, yet stalin had only a small amount of his death toll due to famine. 
None of those were the industrialized process of killing a specific people.  No one disputes that many millions died under communism.  But it wasn't state sanctioned murder, with facilities created to expedite the process, and ordering countries to ship report and hand over a specific population to be exterminated.
Yeah I love when these articles just give out a flat death rate in the country and automatically assign it to communism, even though : a) it wasn't communism, and b) most of it is people dying to natural causes (draught, famines, exhaustion) which happened a lot more in fast industrializing nations. That is the same as taking the death tolls in 19th century industrializing nations and attributing it entirely to capitalism, and not the natural state of affairs.
I understand that, and I'm definitely not trying to defend communism. I just think there's a difference between mass murder in the name of defending your country at all costs (or to prop up industries, for that matter), and mass murder in the name of an ideology that served no other purpose than to exterminate people because of their religion or race.


Stalinism and proper communism are like *all* the way across the spectrum from the other. Stalinism was just a dictatorship at that point, all attempts at giving the people the means of production had failed.
They didn't kill people *because* they were communists. It just so happens that communists murdered a lot of people. 
The difference is Nazism focused on racial purity and their genocide was industrialized and planned. The communist genocides were a mixture of incompetent planning and deliberate genocide of political/ideological opponents. The capitalist genocides were enslavement and exploitation and disease.

It's a measure of intent, the nazis most definitely wanted to kill everyone that wasn't their idea of a master race, the soviets killed political opponents, which isn't really surprising. This is of course not any excuse for the despotic USSR, just the reason Nazism is perceived as inexplicably more evil than the USSR. 


They didn't. I mean they just didn't.
They killed people, but not for their race.
Thank you for organizing my thoughts. I knew this but would not have been able to articulate it so clearly. 
[deleted]
Yet due to some ppl who came to power under the guise of both Nazism and Communism, millions of innocent ppl ended up dead. Everyone always brings up Holocaust when talking about Nazism but not a lot of ppl talk about Holodomor. Ukrainian famine perpetrated by USSR that killed between 7 to 10 million ppl. If that's not a mass genocide, I don't know what is. You can't just simply say that one is better than the other because ppl hiding behind both ideologies committed unspeakable atrocities.
[deleted]
You are now a moderator of r/ImAFullOnCommie
So Hindus adorning religious imagery with reverse Swastikas in the early 1900s isn't modern?
Maybe I'm just too jaded working with people 10 to 20 years older than I am that don't know basic things that they should.
http://imgur.com/a/sH9t8

:D
I just found it! Lol this is great, should I share my creation?
True, genocide has been around for a long, long time. 

But you have to remember that this is post WWI when people thought they had figured out their shit. So many people died during the Great War that Humanity had an existential crisis. They invented new kinds of art. The men who fought are called the "Lost Generation" and that refers to the ones that survived. It was supposed to end All wars. 

Science becomes more popular following the life changing advancements born out of WWI. Penicillin, airplanes, virology, etc. Darwinism becomes more popular and widely accepted.

Then some assholes decide that "survival of the fittest" must also relate to mankind. And they think, "Hey chaps, let's breed a better human." And lo and behold, Eugenics is born.

Then an even bigger asshole, Adolf Hitler, decides to take eugenics one step further by reasoning that the best way to ensure a superior race is by eliminating all those inferior from the gene pool. (Btw blonde hair blue eyes are all recessive traits and thus weaker genetically speaking so there's some irony for you.) And he uses age old "other" arguments and prejudice to gain power, start WWI: The sequel, and exterminate millions of people.

And people were shocked. This wasn't done in any gods name. We'd seen that. This was science. Our friend. Our rational buddy. 

It's important to remember because we let our guard down for a second and it happened, continues to happen. 

That does not mean it's okay. It also doesn't mean it's okay to generalize every massacre in history or tell those who are sympathetic to it all to shut up like you are doing now. 

Right now you're just suppressing intelligent conversation because you think the Holocaust should be put behind us like the massacres thousands of years ago. Too bad it's the worst genocide in recent history so you'll be hearing about it a lot for the rest of your life buddy :)
Nazi Germany is modern history, Romans is ancient history. No one is looking for excuses for pogroms and jew presecution in other country. It's just no one ever got even close to the scale on which German society did it. I have nothing against modern Germans - most of my closest friends are Germans (actual Germans, not American "well my mom was one 8th German and half Russian bla bla bla). It's less about Germans and more about Nazi and neo Nazi ideology
[deleted]
Deaths under Stalin were *mostly* due to famine.
Haha look, I'm not defending the guy!  Just saying that if we blame him for all the German military deaths in addition to the Holocaust, that's "only" like 8 million.  Stalin was responsible for dozens of millions of his own people's deaths.
>Me literally comdemning Stalin's crimes makes me Stalin

Goes both ways, y'know?
That's why I use gfycat. Not sure how to get full resolution on imgur
