[[This feels so good.]]





A pen too LoooooL
    [removed]
        You feel it when youre 2-0 up, you feel it when youre 0-2 down. You feel it around the 45th/90th minute. You feel it definetly when youre facing a gold team. 

You always feel it.
            Whenever I concede its always on the 45th minute
                45th+6
                    But it was only supposed to be one additional minute and they had it in their own half at +1:30
                        But but but it's called minimum time
                    Headed corner
            Anytime I’ve come up against a full icon team, I win… lol.
            Goddammit man , you're just so on the point!
        Definitely rigged
            Nope I won a game like this one day ago. Opponent was celebrating with dance and I used pyschological warfare and won.
                Buckled up and strapped in
        Does DDA actually exist online? Is there any proof of it doing so or just people clutching here?
            There’s also the fact that people put on high pressure, and the person with the lead gets nervous and chokes.
                Yup always happens to me
                Not the person that chokes, it's the players on the pitch.
                    What? How is that possible? You mean EA code it so players choke?
                        You ever notice how when your opponent turns on team press, your players seem to push forward slightly while your opponents manage to stay in front of them basically cutting out every single passing option?
                            It’s so broken and stupid. Another reason on the list to hate EA. I can’t pass to a single person because they are literally all marked and making no effort to get open. So I’m left to punt it up  field that may or may not go short and lead to another counter attack somehow. Seems to happen most often when I’m leading
                                Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
                            Yes that's changing the tactics
                                There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
                                    That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
                        You must be new to FIFA, ofc it is. You really believe that a guy who has one goal in 60 minutes manages to find the goal 4 more times in the remaining 30 to beat his opponent with no help whatsoever? You think the guy that was leading all of a sudden forgot how to defend?
                            [deleted]
                                EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
                                    LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
                            What does elapsed time have to do with it..not every big lead is to do with there being a gap in levels between players. Sometimes you just start slow, either do to lack of focus or maybe a tactical shortfall with your custom setup vs that of the opposition, and a lot of times when you snap into it early enough and make the right changes, perhaps coupled with the opponent thinking he's home and hosed...you know...there can be a natural swing in final result. Also smart players know to have some mives up their sleve for the final strech of the game.
            I think its a culmination of both. Obviously if you’re down 2-0 with 10 to go youll be pressing harder. Had it happen to me yesterday, was up 2-0 in the 80th he scores 1 kickoff after I score my second to make it 2-1 then 4 minutes after that goal, scores again making it 2-2 in the 88th, AND THEN he scores a wonder goal with Coman while being pressed by Peres and Smalling outside the box in the 90th for him to win the game 3-2... was in control the whole entire game but then all of a sudden my players just DID NOT want to win that game. Its kind of annoying but I expect it now so it doesn’t bother nearly as much knowing this game is utter shit. Im glad ive knocked my playing down to maybe a few games a week this game is horrid.
                You know what else is fkin annoying as shit, when the players with still 80% stamina and 85+ pace move like fkin dump trucks.. 
adama falling behind in pace to fkin 78-80 pace players?? Wtf?? And that’s still in the first fkin half..
                I had a game like this yesterday, I was 5-2 down but I probably deserved to be closer but then I scored with about 15 mins to go and then just pressed after that and got a draw to bring it to extra time before getting the only goal of extra time to win it, self pressure definitely is a thing but I also feel that subs can make a huge difference. For example Felipe Anderson scored 2 goals for me and basically won me the match. There are a lot of different factors in my opinion
                    Think you played me I was 5-2 up and lost in extra time
                H a n d i c a p
            What is DDA?
                Dynamic difficulties adjustment. Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.
                    >Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.

Yeah, it is, but at the same time nobody who plays this game half seriously for a long time doesn't believe it exists, in all modes of play. It's just a thing you gotta deal with. The topic has become more prominent since FUT got more sweaty and people excreting more salt with it.

We know it exists in SP - nobody argues that, but when the same shit happens online you're not allowed to speak on it? Why the fuck do people find it so hard to disbelieve the most degenerate, exploitative corp in gaming when they deny it?

Fucking 5+ years ago it wasn't even a debate - it was taken for granted. People lived with it because it's not making you lose, it's just giving a losing opponent an extra leg up - the better player still wins in the end, that's facts, and some people can't deal with it, so they blame DDA. But it just fucking is - I play 2-300 games with a player and you think I can't know how fast that fuck runs, and when he's getting randomly nerfed? Stop it with that, you're in denial. I never blame my Ls on momentum (/whatever you want to call it), but I ain't gonna entertain any nay-saying on it.
                        I've played since FIFA 12 and up until this year I've played loads and been an high elite player. Nepenthez is probably up in the top 100 of hours spent on FIFA lifetime and he doesn't either. I actually reckon more people don't think it is than do.

It might be in the game but I highly doubt it and there's nothing more than circumstantial evidence to support the claim that it's in there, so you can leave the 'nobody who plays this game half seriously doesn't believe it exists' out.
                        I get you but if it's been admitted to offline and people believe it, then why not believe it when they say it isn't online?

And then why do we play a game that seems to be against us and screw us over?
                            It was admitted because the code for it was found, it wasn’t a “hey, we do this” but an “Oh shit. Look, that’s only for single player offline. We swear!”
                    Oh thanks man
            The only "proof" there isn't is EA saying they don't use it online. But it's confirmed to be in the game so if you want to hitch your wagon to EA telling the truth that's on you. You can feel it working against you.. missing sitters, inaccurate passes that are normally easy, slow defensive player movement and much more.
                [deleted]
                    Literally do 5 minutes of research before messaging
                        I've done loads.
Cant find anything anywhere.
                    People downvoting... All I'm asking is to show me where specifically it says this is in Fifa please. Not hard seeing as people are so convinced it exists.
                    https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
                        Come on man give me a break. 

Yeah that isn't proof at all and is complete irrelevant. Not even the same thing. And is one of the most laughable things I've seen. 

Also that guy played 3 games and lost 1. How can you say that is proof of DDA? Because 1 guy played 3 games with no evidence? 

Have you tried it? Why do more people not do this and go 30-0 then?
                            1. It's data mined code 2. They have a patent on it you dumbfuck. Literally takes 30 seconds to Google. https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170259177A1/en
                                Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
                                    You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
                                What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
                        Still can't believe this was used as a way to proove DDA

It's confirmed lads. We have the proof
                    People downvoting..... All I'm asking is for you to show me where it says specifically it is in Fifa online. It shouldn't be too hard seeing you're adamant it exists in Fifa. Nobody had provided a single bit of evidence so far about it.
                It's not even confirmed to be in the game, they just have a patent for it.
            There’s absolutely no proof of it, other than anecdotal evidence which is iffy at best

To be fair it’d be quite hard to prove, but so was chemgate but people in the community found a way to collect evidence on that

IMO the lack of any proof points to dda not existing but I can’t say I haven’t blamed “dda” in a rage after a game
            Where do think dda comes from? It's a patent of dynamic difficulty adjustment which was registered by Ea and used in their games. They only claim that it is not used in Fifa (which is bullshit)
                You must be naive
                Okay so you said its bullshit. Why would you believe them if you think its bullshit and why would they lie? Im pretty sure they would be advised by their legal team not to lie.

And if they have lied why do you play the game knowing its coded against you?
                    It was found regardless of their wishes, they just had to come with some reply after
            It's easier to say it's something else other than admitting one's lapse in concentration.

People cannot admit their own fault to themselves.
                I always admit my own faults. That's how people improve.
                no.  When you review a game and see inexcusable game mechanics that give a goal scoring opportunity, there is a right to be upset with the game.

It isn’t healthy, but it isn’t wrong.  This game, first and foremost, is designed to be a cash cow for EA sports.
                    That you can understand
            There is no proof.
                Why do people keep saying that this is DDA then?
                    There is DDA in offline mode like career mode to make it more interesting and so you dont smash your opponents every game if you're good. Not on online modes though. People can't seem to hold a lead here so they get crazy and assume its the game going against them.
                        I always record my games and if I get tilted look back and see what I did wrong to try improve

Mostly its my fault
                            Exactly man at least you can see and admit when the fault is yours
                                Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
                                    That isn't proof of DDA.
                        Mystery ball is full of it and shows they can adjust online games whenever they feel like it.

In WL though it's like the opponent turning on constant pressure and your team going to bits because of it. That's not DDA, that's just shitty gameplay mechanics.
                        Because EA have never lied to their fan base before... 🙄
                            They have a legal time who would advise them. They would be stupid to lie about something like this.
                                It's not against the law to lie
                                    If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
                        What about when you win 3 tackles in a row but they still bobble through and score. Or when a player you're not even controlling gives away a pen during a corner. How about when your defenders literally stand still while the whole attack comes piling through or when you physically can't change player no matter how much you batter LB. It exists.
                            Shitty
Coding
And
Shitty
Mechanics
                            The L1 player change not giving you who you want has been in fifa since the beginning. The answer is to use the right stick player change. It’s tricky to get used to but means you avoid that issue!
                                I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
                There's also no proof that there isn't Aliens hiding in Area 51.
                    WOW......
            There’s no evidence that it is implemented online.

Edit: downvoters, please link the evidence. I didn’t say it didn’t exist, or even that it absolutely wasn’t implemented online. The question was if there is evidence, and I’m not aware of any. If I’m wrong, please link the evidence.
                "Why are you booing me? I'm right"
                There isn't which is why I asked. Why are people down voting you for telling the truth and asking a question?

If we can see evidence then I'll hold my hands up and admit it.
                    I don’t get it. Probably the same people being toxic on the game, I guess. 

If evidence existed, I’d love to see it, but no one ever has any. Best I’ve seen is, “bro I was winning and then you could just tell.” I wouldn’t put it past EA to manipulate matchmaking (more likely) or gameplay to incentivize increased pack purchases. Activision has patents for their specific “SBMM” (a little more complex than just skill based) in Call of Duty to increase revenue. But I haven’t seen nearly that level of proof for EA.
                        Yep exactly. We know there is a "patent" which is used because they think its evidence. But that isn't evidence at all as its been proven to only be offline

"buT ThEy WoUlDnT Do A PaTeNt WiThOuT UsInG It"....

Umm that happens all the time to stop competitors doing it.

There is no proof. Saying "my players stopped when I was winning" isn't proof. That's anecdotal. The fucking funniest one was the guy who was doing a 3 game experiment who was an Elite player and said if you give the opponent the ball for the first half and have no possession, the 2nd half you will automatically win (even though he lost 1 fucking game).People actually believed that was true!!!!
                            That’s hilarious. What a great scientific experiment!
                                The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
                            Have u actually played this game? Explain to me how Messi can feel great one match, then feels like Harry maguire trying to dribble in the next? Or how a player can take an age to shoot or pass the ball when they don't normally? It's blatently obviously they are altering things
                                Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
                                     Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
                    EA literally has a patent on it, just google it
                        I did and it never mentioned Fifa or online.

So Where's the proof?
                The “evidence” for it not exists is trusting EA’s word, I wouldn’t call that convincing evidence
                    They would not lie about something so easy to find out and fuck them over as they clearly like any public company have too much to lose and a legal team.

If they say it isn't in the game, I take that as it isn't in the game.
                        Do u believe Donald trump isn't racist too, just cuz he says so?
                        How can anyone prove it isn’t in the game?
                            Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who say it is in the game to prove it
                                Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
                The thing is why would they show evidence that its a thing? Shady as to hide it but it's probably the number 1 frustration in the fifa community and if they straight up admitted it there'd be outrage (even though most people already think it exists anyway)
                    They admitted it was in the game a few years back.
                        Where did they?
                            few years ago now but it was called "momentum" plus anyone who actually plays FIFA knows they is something in the game that makes so it isn't based on skill.
                                Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
                                    Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
                Okay, look for the post from Fuji720P in this sub. It’ll pop up if you search it in the bar, and if you don’t see the insane scripting/DDA there, you are either delusional or not experienced with FIFA
                    I tried to search on mobile and nothing came up. I’ll try on PC later, or you can link the post if you’d like.
                     Nope, had a look, can't see any DDA there proven
                There is. Have a look thru reddit, some guy found pieces of code about adjusting difficulty etc
                    I could find posts about the evidence that it is used offline, but not evidence that it is used in multiplayer/FUT. Do you have a link to a post with evidence that it is implemented online?
                        Good luck with that. You'll be waiting a very long time for anything.
                haha
                People still can't link evidence.

They are literally using the post of somebody who played 3 fucking games and lost 1 as evidence of DDA. I cannot believe it.
                    Yeah, I’m just patiently waiting for some evidence. Any minute now I’m sure...
                        Same here. I've asked since yesterday and so far have got:

Theres a lawsuit which means it is in the game
Some body called Fuji had a video where you can see it
A guy did an experiment with 3 games and lost 1 but confirmed it is in the game
Theres a patent which mentions fifa nowhere 

I'm not saying it isn't online, but people say it is yet cannot provide a shred of evidence. If they do I'll admit I'm wrong.
                        We're still waiting for evidence that isn't :

A video from Fuji
A video from a 3 game experiment
A patent that had absolutely zero mention of Fifa
Some shoddy code that hae been proven for 4 years to be offline
EA being sued

ThE EvIdEnCe Is ThErE DdA CoFiRmEd
            If you need any proof you need to look a vid on this sub about a streamer getting DDA in the most insane and obvious way possible, you just can’t believe what you’re seeing. I can’t remember his name rn
                That isn't proof though. There isn't anywhere to see in that video that DDA happens
                    Come on man that’s just insane, literally every second in that vid is DDA/Scripting to the fullest extent. 

Turn it around, when you suddenly roll over someone with 4-0, every skill you pull off is smooth and your passes just don’t get intercepted, you really think you are suddenly that good or your opponent is suddenly that stupid?

It’s too obvious, DDA exists
                        Videos aren't proof. They're anecdotes. They don't show passes, shot power, code etc.

If I am losing 4-0 I just give up tbh.
                            There were videos on YT from previous Fifa when people couldn't score on open goal from 2 meters with players having great finishing and replays contained direction of shots and power. In Fifa21 you can see new feature of defenders twisting thier ankles in funny way just to not block a shot. You can call them bugs and coincidences but for me it's too obvious to play this addictive piece of shit game anymore.
                                Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
                                    There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
        What does DDA mean?
            Dynamic difficulty adjustment
                Thanks!
                Difficulty*
            Rebound mechanics or scripting, I assume
        DDA makes me happy, because i always concede early, i dont switch on for until about 2 and a half minutes in, so, 3-0 down, hah, nope, 4-3 win it is
        Who cares man. Instant karma is a bitch.
        Of course but still nice achievement. The opponent might have been boosted in the first half.
        100%. Nothing is worse than being up 2 goals at the 80th minute. You just know you’re going to lose.
    Oh I thought you ment penalty as what’s gonna happen after pulling that celebration off ... and I’m 100% quitting before he takes it if he does that

Nevermind I see you don’t even pull that shit so the other guy doesn’t get a win.

Someone just quitted me in 10th minute after 1:1 and I got notiing
You took a pen with Neymar? Brave man
    That run up is horrible
        agreed, I'd use my low 80- high 70 pen takers over him
            Luckily i packed totgs Bruno so i use him, but yeah even in draft i switch from Neymar to next best pen taker
                Fair enough, I just use my Bergkamp, who has 3 or 4 less pens, but higher power, or if not, a normal runup
                    I hate pogba run up. That bitch killin me
        Agreed, my thumb starts having spasms by the time he's reached the ball
            Got the same with pogba lmao
        Really? I like the run up because it gives me more time to work with and aim the cursor when I take the pen because of the head turning towards where you wanna shoot thing when aiming your penalty
            With him and green timing you can do a pen that’s impossible to be saved. You can aim your head one way, and you have enough time in his run up to position your shot to the opposite top corner. Yellow/green time it and it’s in every time, nobody will step and dive in a direction that is also the opposite direction of your head movement
        It's the best run up. So much time to adjust
        Am I the only one that likes Neymar’s run up?
            Yes
                RIP
        Helps against Heads Watchers
    So I’m not the only one that thinks that it’s EXTREMELY difficult to take pens with him?
        nope, he has the highest pen stat of all my players, but he is 4th or 5th choice to take
        I love taking pens with him, just wait for him to start running and I have all the time in the world to put the circle top corner.
            And watch that circle get bigger and bigger until you shank it wide.
                Just green it
                    easier said than done
                It doesn't get bigger for me.
        Best penalty taker in the game IMO.
            How do you shoot with him? Last time the fucking circle didn’t stop getting bigger. At least it was steady 😅
                Need to Green time it
                    Sometimes the bar doesn't appear though, then I miss it
                        The bar doesn’t appear for me, you have to press when your foot hits the floor
                        You don't need the bar, just press shoot button when the player Strikes the ball (or is about to, since there's a little delay in it sometimes)
        I think you just gotta learn to time it. Yeah, it takes some time/effort but if you green it he bangs it top bins no problem
    Best pen taker for me. A lot of time to aim exactly.
        you can aim before shooting, or change your style to not need to aim it perfectly, for me his penalties always get saved, no matter the penalty tactic
            When you aim before pressing the shooting button the pen takers head movement tells the keeper the direction in want to shoot. What do you mean with style?
                start slightly left, aim right, start central and move to left or right, aim bottom corner and green time, put it above the keepers head, maybe not straight down the middle, basically, not taking a penalty in the same way every time
                    I don’t play the same opponent twice so there is no need to change my target at all. All you are describing here is fine. Even better if you have a lot of time after pressing shoot until you hit the ball so you can exactly aim at this bottom corner and green time it. So what is the drawback of using neymar?
                        I guess in shootouts, but it just feels like every penalty he takes gets saved
                            In a shootout i shoot at different targets, but that has nothing to do with Neymar. Penalties are almost a game of 66-33 % for taker - goalie. Even though you might have the feeling every shot gets saved, it‘s probably not the case. definitely not the case for me at least.
                                Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
        8try 87 Beckham. 99 penalty lol.. Hasn't mossimed one yet for me.
    Fr his animaion is so long, my aim starts to shake as if I was having an epileptic fit.
        which is why if I am forced into using him, it's bottom corner or straight down the middle
    It’s so easy to score them with him. The run up takes forever but just keep the cursor centre till he actually gets close to hitting it and move at the end
        I dunno, for me he just always has them saved
    No it’s better because it easier to move your pen to avoid reading head movement
ICE IN THE FUCKIN VEINS MATE
    SEND THAT TO YOUR FUCKING FRIENDS
        OUT FUCKING PLAYED
    [deleted]
You turned on godmode after his celebration?
    You mean team press?
        Lmao true, one dpad press and suddenly your 90 + passing player cant shortpass with his strong foot
            You chose to speak facts lmao KDB legs turn into noodles when people team press
                95 short passing 

**opponent team presses**

43 short passing 0 \* weakfoot
                    Either that or when you put a small amount of power into a pass they’ll rocket that shit and if you put a lot of power the shit goes about 10 yards short of the intended player
            It’s not just that, it’s that they forget basic awareness. Instead of coming closer to support the teammate who’s getting pressured, all the players on your team just run away from the ball leaving you with nowhere to go.
                Ye they need to fix it, the man marking is fine but it makes no sense 90 + composure players should crumble and become bronzes. Team press has been like this for soooo long
    some people can’t play against constant pressure
I don't agree with celebrations in any capacity.

Apart from this capacity. This capacity is fine.
    Although I mostly skip celebrations I also understand it’s a choice. All they do is motivate me to beat the person or motivate me to just quit. Either way is fine
    Why don't you agree with celebrations lmao, it's a game
        this sub's pearl clutching regarding celebrations will always amuse me loool
            Bunch of whiney and entitled brats....

They hate celebrations unless it's them doing it to somebody else
                I don’t celebrate and wish others wouldn’t but it’s purely because of time.
                    [deleted]
                        On Xbox it’s LB+RB I’m assuming PS L1+R1
                    [deleted]
                        You drive a early to mid 2000s sedan with a spoiler don’t you
                Not really, it’s more so because a Fifa game is long enough as it is and some of us actually have things outside of Fifa to do...
                [deleted]
                    Yes of course I play. 

No I don't give a fuck if somebody celebrates.
                        [deleted]
                            Where did I say I hated EA? You just pulling that out your arsehole.
                Some of us don’t have more than a hour to play, celebrations are frustrating and take time.
                    Nor do I but I just deal with it and shrug it off
    All right doc brown
    Why do you let yourself be triggered by something you can’t control?
    Its not a job bruh

If you score go celebrate your goal!
    Why Don't you?
        Waste of time.
            It's only 5 to 10 seconds.
                Dont you understand man? If we waste 10 seconds of someone’s time playing a video game, we might as well book our tickets to hell
                    What amusement do you even get out of your virtual player dabbing? Just skip it please.
                        I mean, I scored a goal? What amusement do you even get out of playing FIFA? For me, it’s playing football when I otherwise cant. And so I’ll celebrate when I score a goal I’m proud of.
                            I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function. I would have no problems with celebrations if they were short and unprovocative, instead they’re in the game to appeal to children and are abused by childish adults who enjoy pissing people off.
                                >I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
                                    No that would be your life.
Why does it say "7 Neymar Jr" in the upper picture but the number on his shorts is an 8?
    If the opponents Neymar has the same number it changes.
    Regular bug
    One of the many bugs of EA. Sometimes I even get the opponent's team name as my own.
*Made possible by EA Dynamic Difficulty
    This thing is legit. So many games I play that end in 5-6, 7-8 when it's impossible to defend against a 1 goal down team, and as soon as the score is equal they can't do shit.
        Hahaha ha no it isn't  its been proven
    Yup. Just had a game on WL. I was 4 - 1 down at HT, and I won 5 - 4, with a goal in the 90th minute.

EA definitely lend a helping hand.
        Was up 4:0 in 40 minute against a guy who couldn’t get past the middle to be losing 5:4 in the 55 minute. Luckily won 7:5 but it is so obvious sometimes that the game helps you sometime.
            Oh, there we have it. Definitive Proof that DDA exists.
        Oh, there we have it. Definitive Proof that DDA exists.
            You again.

Keep your head in the sand if you like.
                Where is the proof then?
                Seems like I was right all along. DDA and scripting has been proven to not exist
                    Firstly, wow, how sad are you to message everyone directly from messages months ago.

Secondly, nothing has been proven. The only proof is "EA says it doesn't exist" and a few people were invited to EA and dropped the case. That is not proof.
        Or maybe your opponent backed off because he thought he had it in the bag and you played hard with nothing to lose.
        For me, it's the opposite. I was leading 4-1 at the second half, then he scored 1 goal from corner, 1 pen and 2 goals inside the box, Hradecky was performing bad in my goal.

He only had 7 shots,  5 on target, while i had 13, 11 on target
        Lol did I just play you? 😂
        If true this would explain why so many times i choke a 3-0 lead. I thought I had a Barcelona mental block in my brain but it seems other people have the same issue?
        No they don't. They proven it isn't hahaha
    That is mostly the case, but I have won/lost matches with a huge advantage because of one simple concept, unrelated to EA: Composure
        nah
    Let little Timmy have his W. Naivety is a blessing
    Gtfo here with that. DDA is in offline squad battles.
        People downvoting me, genuine question.

Where is the proof it exists?
            its obvious. have u played the game online?
                Yes and it isn't DDA. Its a combination of many factors.

Being "obvious" doesn't mean proof.
                You are wrong  .ea has proven it now. You must feel embarrassed
                    i stopped playing the game a while ago, glad i did, shit gets me raged to no bound
        https://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2020-11-11-ea-faces-yet-another-class-action-lawsuit-over-alleged-use-of-dynamic-difficulty-adjustment

And

https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
            Doesn't mean jack shit. That isnt proof of anything as i said before numerous times
                Well people are proving it if you read that Reddit post. The amount of times your players suddenly play like shit after dominating the first half and the other team suddenly passing like Pirlo, defending as Maldini and shooting as Ronaldo is way too big to be a coincidence (or the other way around). Surely if you play online you have experienced it too
                    No they aren't. That isnt proof.

Do you know the difference between proof and anecdotes?
                        And how would you prove it then? Just ask EA for their coding?
                            Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who claims it exists
                            That's literally what happened and they proven it isn't a thing. Git gud
            Look how the tables have turned.

They've now proven it isn't in the game and this dumbass lawsuit is withdrawn. Haaahahahahaa
        DOWNVOTERS

Proove it is literally all I'm asking
        LOLOLOLOL I WAS SO RIGHT ALL ALONG
Hope that pen for you was the most bs pen ever conceded by him.
Love this.
Absolute poetry, love it.
This the pettiest sub on Reddit lol
    100%, its always back and forth toxicity over small things like celebrations/golden goal etc etc haha
    If this happened the other way round dude would be in here complaining about DDA and how the bullshit game gave his opponent a penalty for a perfect tackle in the 90th minute lol
    PREACH
Feels like DDA to me
    Yep
    What’s DDA?
All I see is two dickheads using Neymar.
DDA at its finest
DDA at its peak
    What is dda?
        dynamic difficulty adjustment
No thanks. L1 + L2 is the best celebration on the Playstation
i have no idea why but when im winning by 3-1 in my match at the last minutes of my match my players all of the sudden feel heavy and the losing persons players look faster. gotta fight scripting its annoying.
Is the cooking celebration seen as toxic now too?
    Every celebration is seen as toxic by the person that is losing.
DDA surely. Don't be proud of yourself
    but I hit elite :(
Why is this the go to “toxic” celebration?
    Because it was 4-1 at the time. People usually get offended by anything, losing by that much just amplifies it. 

He got a great comeback, which is nice to OP, but more often than not they’ll lose the match and cry because the opponent celebrated.
I love that feeling
Me when someone wants me to quit at 1-0 in friendlies when i score the 1-2 and he quits instead ...
Opponent: Scores

OP: *And I took it personally*

Jokes aside, GG dude XD
Good man because they are shit to players wasting time
Scripts every match ahh
    foreal tho......utter nonesense
        Tell me, how the hell a person comeback you while being behinde 4.1 in literally 2 min? Whith literally same style of game play and nothing being changed, so ?
    What scripts?
Don't tell my opponents but I always aim left before I take the penalty and then go centre or right. Works 90% of the time lol
    I do the same but some opponents don't know about the head movement thing and because of that they randomly dive in the right direction to save my shots, sucks when that happens.
        Or they know about it and expect you to shoot in the other direction. I sometimes do that depending on the skills of the opponent

Edit: grammar
Nothing beats Politano doing the Mbappe celebration to someone who abuses him and celebrate everytime they glitch trough defenders
This reminds me of how dda robbed me yesterday of 2 wins. When I was about to make it 3-0, ederson saved it, the save deflection went right to my opponent’s striker, he gets a pen, cue the shit unrealistic comeback. Same thing at 2-1 to make it 3-1, mkhitaryan through on goal, saved by ederson, deflection goes up the field to his cam, I win the ball in the box 3 times, Werner still has it, and scores. Then he scored another pace-boosting through ball goal. All of this in 20 minutes when I was doing just fine. This almost got me relegated too to div 4, even though I should have won fair and square. And before they come, fuck off div 1 people telling me to get good. I’m sorry to say this, but It’s barely even my fault when the game doesn’t go my way after dominating a match when dynamic diffishitty gets involved. I don’t mean to sound like a baby, but it’s fuckin true. The other win I go up 2-0 in 12 minutes, and he comes back in 7 minutes. Just because i go 2-0 up, doesn’t mean I can’t defend or attack, ea you fuckheads.
    That makes no sense.... The keep saved it the whole way across the pitch?
        Twice
            Any evidence?
    DDA doesn't exist and didn't 'Rob' you.

Just git gud
If you comeback from 3 goals down in 30 minutes someone was helped and someone was robbed
    what if they were constant press all game while you sat back and sucked up everything but 3 goals leaving them ripe for picking at the end.  Maybe even went 3-0 and changed tactics to counter their styles. There are other things than to cry DDA all the time when you lose
        Yup fully agree
Ha! What celebration is this?
    Gnabry's signature "Stir the pot" celebration (that's the fifa name for it).
        aka James Hardens signature celebration that Gnabry uses because he's an NBA fan
            I always skip celebrations unless the opponent does them, but I’ve been doing this stir the pot since fifa 19, I thought it came from steph curry though
                [https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175](https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175)
                    That’s awesome to learn
makes me sooo happy to see this
Rich people having Neymar in their team.
    Neymar has never been cheaper than he is this year. Very easy to get him in fairness!
        Ok not "very easy"
        [deleted]
            Yeah I think coins are pretty easy to get. You get a lot for just playing the game. Marquee matchups seem easier this year too so each week you should be making a few coins from that.

Take a look for some simple trading ideas on YouTube too if you want to get there faster. I currently have about 500k invested in one player and I'm expecting it to net me around 900 in about a week. That's the way forward!
                First of all, that takes a lot of time and honestly, my job/career is way more important than wasting time on trading. If you’re a casual like me and only play the weekend league games it’s not that easy as it seems. You also need a lot of pack luck to get some coins, if it were that easy to get certain players then everyone would play with Neymar instead of Dembele on the left. So, the conclusion is still the same, rich people who can afford Neymar.
                    I'm also a casual player. I don't even play weekend league, mostly just play objectives. I've had several weeks where I didn't even get rivals rewards because I hadn't played at all.

I also have a job 😉
            With foundations SBCs + the rest of the profitable SBCs and Div Rival placement + weekly rewards and FUT Champs rewards Neymar's 700k pricetag is like 8-12 days of work for a new account in my experience
5 goals comeback gg
Instant karma 🤣👍.
Justice Served ⚖️.
Peace 🕊️
Sweeeeeeet
Fucking neymar
I can smell the connection lost to the opponent
to soon junior
I'm rooting for whoever sports a SSC Napoli jersey anyway
I love this song.
The top one is most definitely not wearing number 7
That’s cold
How it started-how it’s going
Everybody saying "DoWn To Ea aNd ThEiR DdA" are just so hilarious.
Don’t call it a come back, you’ve been here for years
Haha big up SR4 massive
Said no one ever. How the fuck do you win in fut champions
Wow neymar 🙄
No idea if this is just a coincidence but if I skip replays I tend to loose concentration and the other player stays but if I do the stupid pigeon dance (both on the game and around my kitchen) when I score I seem to play better and the other guy worse? 
Does it wind people up that much if someone celebrates?
Go make some tea, haha 😂
That's why this game is shit. I'm not saying it's shit because someone can come back from a deficit like that and win, I'm saying it's shit because that happens EVERY GAME when I play. There is no holding a lead in fifa 21 in my experience.
Gg
happens more often than not. as long as you keep your head down and focus on getting back in the game, the game helps you out. you can see the swing in momentum when none of their passes connect while your CB can ping a pass to your neymar thats guaranteed to be onside
I did this to a guy earlier, was 3-0 down in the 65th minute and then won it within 15 minutes. His ronaldo celebrated the third and so I made mine celebrate the equaliser and the winner
Almost every single win in rivals that i got, was with a comeback from 1-4, 1-5, 2-4. It indeed feels good, yeah
Why?  It looks so stupid
It’s really is!
I had a game last night where I went down 3-0 in the first 20 minutes of game time. 
Every goal was celebrated in full, (which I don't mind I'm used to it now), but he paused every time for the full 30 seconds. 

Que me going try hard mode and him quitting at 5-3 before half time.
scripted game lmao
I only play pro clubs but nothing motivates me more than teams doing dumb celebrations or skill moves over and over
This is the greatest thing
Gwaannn leddd
I sense something called DDA
hahaha yes lad!!!!
Karma
My Team Abbreviation is GGs but I don’t have Neymar and I ALWAYS skip goals cele...so much for good game
Better than sex
“And I took that personally...”
I was losing 4-0 at half time. put on 2 bronze subs and i came out on top 6-4. The game is rigged and bronze players become prime gullit.
DDA in one pic. Switch to press tactics and team press and the AI defends like Tekkz for you while your opponent's team turn into potatoes. Fifa is a joke
Hectic January transfer window for net at so far
Yesterday was in fut champs and was a goal down and my opponent began to cover the ball at the corner flag in the 89th min i got a goal kick fron that attack i got a goal. He tried to dribble my team from kickoff but i took the ball and dribbled him team and scorred It felf soo good that he was wasting time just so i get a comeback in 2 mins
Amazing script
Handicap, DDA, whatever you want to call is real. It happens when you or i scores first. If you score 2nd in row it becomes harder. You'll get 2-1 in seconds because all team is nerfed until opponent scores.
[removed]
    You feel it when youre 2-0 up, you feel it when youre 0-2 down. You feel it around the 45th/90th minute. You feel it definetly when youre facing a gold team. 

You always feel it.
        Whenever I concede its always on the 45th minute
            45th+6
                But it was only supposed to be one additional minute and they had it in their own half at +1:30
                    But but but it's called minimum time
                Headed corner
        Anytime I’ve come up against a full icon team, I win… lol.
        Goddammit man , you're just so on the point!
    Definitely rigged
        Nope I won a game like this one day ago. Opponent was celebrating with dance and I used pyschological warfare and won.
            Buckled up and strapped in
    Does DDA actually exist online? Is there any proof of it doing so or just people clutching here?
        There’s also the fact that people put on high pressure, and the person with the lead gets nervous and chokes.
            Yup always happens to me
            Not the person that chokes, it's the players on the pitch.
                What? How is that possible? You mean EA code it so players choke?
                    You ever notice how when your opponent turns on team press, your players seem to push forward slightly while your opponents manage to stay in front of them basically cutting out every single passing option?
                        It’s so broken and stupid. Another reason on the list to hate EA. I can’t pass to a single person because they are literally all marked and making no effort to get open. So I’m left to punt it up  field that may or may not go short and lead to another counter attack somehow. Seems to happen most often when I’m leading
                            Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
                        Yes that's changing the tactics
                            There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
                                That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
                    You must be new to FIFA, ofc it is. You really believe that a guy who has one goal in 60 minutes manages to find the goal 4 more times in the remaining 30 to beat his opponent with no help whatsoever? You think the guy that was leading all of a sudden forgot how to defend?
                        [deleted]
                            EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
                                LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
                        What does elapsed time have to do with it..not every big lead is to do with there being a gap in levels between players. Sometimes you just start slow, either do to lack of focus or maybe a tactical shortfall with your custom setup vs that of the opposition, and a lot of times when you snap into it early enough and make the right changes, perhaps coupled with the opponent thinking he's home and hosed...you know...there can be a natural swing in final result. Also smart players know to have some mives up their sleve for the final strech of the game.
        I think its a culmination of both. Obviously if you’re down 2-0 with 10 to go youll be pressing harder. Had it happen to me yesterday, was up 2-0 in the 80th he scores 1 kickoff after I score my second to make it 2-1 then 4 minutes after that goal, scores again making it 2-2 in the 88th, AND THEN he scores a wonder goal with Coman while being pressed by Peres and Smalling outside the box in the 90th for him to win the game 3-2... was in control the whole entire game but then all of a sudden my players just DID NOT want to win that game. Its kind of annoying but I expect it now so it doesn’t bother nearly as much knowing this game is utter shit. Im glad ive knocked my playing down to maybe a few games a week this game is horrid.
            You know what else is fkin annoying as shit, when the players with still 80% stamina and 85+ pace move like fkin dump trucks.. 
adama falling behind in pace to fkin 78-80 pace players?? Wtf?? And that’s still in the first fkin half..
            I had a game like this yesterday, I was 5-2 down but I probably deserved to be closer but then I scored with about 15 mins to go and then just pressed after that and got a draw to bring it to extra time before getting the only goal of extra time to win it, self pressure definitely is a thing but I also feel that subs can make a huge difference. For example Felipe Anderson scored 2 goals for me and basically won me the match. There are a lot of different factors in my opinion
                Think you played me I was 5-2 up and lost in extra time
            H a n d i c a p
        What is DDA?
            Dynamic difficulties adjustment. Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.
                >Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.

Yeah, it is, but at the same time nobody who plays this game half seriously for a long time doesn't believe it exists, in all modes of play. It's just a thing you gotta deal with. The topic has become more prominent since FUT got more sweaty and people excreting more salt with it.

We know it exists in SP - nobody argues that, but when the same shit happens online you're not allowed to speak on it? Why the fuck do people find it so hard to disbelieve the most degenerate, exploitative corp in gaming when they deny it?

Fucking 5+ years ago it wasn't even a debate - it was taken for granted. People lived with it because it's not making you lose, it's just giving a losing opponent an extra leg up - the better player still wins in the end, that's facts, and some people can't deal with it, so they blame DDA. But it just fucking is - I play 2-300 games with a player and you think I can't know how fast that fuck runs, and when he's getting randomly nerfed? Stop it with that, you're in denial. I never blame my Ls on momentum (/whatever you want to call it), but I ain't gonna entertain any nay-saying on it.
                    I've played since FIFA 12 and up until this year I've played loads and been an high elite player. Nepenthez is probably up in the top 100 of hours spent on FIFA lifetime and he doesn't either. I actually reckon more people don't think it is than do.

It might be in the game but I highly doubt it and there's nothing more than circumstantial evidence to support the claim that it's in there, so you can leave the 'nobody who plays this game half seriously doesn't believe it exists' out.
                    I get you but if it's been admitted to offline and people believe it, then why not believe it when they say it isn't online?

And then why do we play a game that seems to be against us and screw us over?
                        It was admitted because the code for it was found, it wasn’t a “hey, we do this” but an “Oh shit. Look, that’s only for single player offline. We swear!”
                Oh thanks man
        The only "proof" there isn't is EA saying they don't use it online. But it's confirmed to be in the game so if you want to hitch your wagon to EA telling the truth that's on you. You can feel it working against you.. missing sitters, inaccurate passes that are normally easy, slow defensive player movement and much more.
            [deleted]
                Literally do 5 minutes of research before messaging
                    I've done loads.
Cant find anything anywhere.
                People downvoting... All I'm asking is to show me where specifically it says this is in Fifa please. Not hard seeing as people are so convinced it exists.
                https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
                    Come on man give me a break. 

Yeah that isn't proof at all and is complete irrelevant. Not even the same thing. And is one of the most laughable things I've seen. 

Also that guy played 3 games and lost 1. How can you say that is proof of DDA? Because 1 guy played 3 games with no evidence? 

Have you tried it? Why do more people not do this and go 30-0 then?
                        1. It's data mined code 2. They have a patent on it you dumbfuck. Literally takes 30 seconds to Google. https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170259177A1/en
                            Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
                                You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
                            What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
                    Still can't believe this was used as a way to proove DDA

It's confirmed lads. We have the proof
                People downvoting..... All I'm asking is for you to show me where it says specifically it is in Fifa online. It shouldn't be too hard seeing you're adamant it exists in Fifa. Nobody had provided a single bit of evidence so far about it.
            It's not even confirmed to be in the game, they just have a patent for it.
        There’s absolutely no proof of it, other than anecdotal evidence which is iffy at best

To be fair it’d be quite hard to prove, but so was chemgate but people in the community found a way to collect evidence on that

IMO the lack of any proof points to dda not existing but I can’t say I haven’t blamed “dda” in a rage after a game
        Where do think dda comes from? It's a patent of dynamic difficulty adjustment which was registered by Ea and used in their games. They only claim that it is not used in Fifa (which is bullshit)
            You must be naive
            Okay so you said its bullshit. Why would you believe them if you think its bullshit and why would they lie? Im pretty sure they would be advised by their legal team not to lie.

And if they have lied why do you play the game knowing its coded against you?
                It was found regardless of their wishes, they just had to come with some reply after
        It's easier to say it's something else other than admitting one's lapse in concentration.

People cannot admit their own fault to themselves.
            I always admit my own faults. That's how people improve.
            no.  When you review a game and see inexcusable game mechanics that give a goal scoring opportunity, there is a right to be upset with the game.

It isn’t healthy, but it isn’t wrong.  This game, first and foremost, is designed to be a cash cow for EA sports.
                That you can understand
        There is no proof.
            Why do people keep saying that this is DDA then?
                There is DDA in offline mode like career mode to make it more interesting and so you dont smash your opponents every game if you're good. Not on online modes though. People can't seem to hold a lead here so they get crazy and assume its the game going against them.
                    I always record my games and if I get tilted look back and see what I did wrong to try improve

Mostly its my fault
                        Exactly man at least you can see and admit when the fault is yours
                            Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
                                That isn't proof of DDA.
                    Mystery ball is full of it and shows they can adjust online games whenever they feel like it.

In WL though it's like the opponent turning on constant pressure and your team going to bits because of it. That's not DDA, that's just shitty gameplay mechanics.
                    Because EA have never lied to their fan base before... 🙄
                        They have a legal time who would advise them. They would be stupid to lie about something like this.
                            It's not against the law to lie
                                If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
                    What about when you win 3 tackles in a row but they still bobble through and score. Or when a player you're not even controlling gives away a pen during a corner. How about when your defenders literally stand still while the whole attack comes piling through or when you physically can't change player no matter how much you batter LB. It exists.
                        Shitty
Coding
And
Shitty
Mechanics
                        The L1 player change not giving you who you want has been in fifa since the beginning. The answer is to use the right stick player change. It’s tricky to get used to but means you avoid that issue!
                            I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
            There's also no proof that there isn't Aliens hiding in Area 51.
                WOW......
        There’s no evidence that it is implemented online.

Edit: downvoters, please link the evidence. I didn’t say it didn’t exist, or even that it absolutely wasn’t implemented online. The question was if there is evidence, and I’m not aware of any. If I’m wrong, please link the evidence.
            "Why are you booing me? I'm right"
            There isn't which is why I asked. Why are people down voting you for telling the truth and asking a question?

If we can see evidence then I'll hold my hands up and admit it.
                I don’t get it. Probably the same people being toxic on the game, I guess. 

If evidence existed, I’d love to see it, but no one ever has any. Best I’ve seen is, “bro I was winning and then you could just tell.” I wouldn’t put it past EA to manipulate matchmaking (more likely) or gameplay to incentivize increased pack purchases. Activision has patents for their specific “SBMM” (a little more complex than just skill based) in Call of Duty to increase revenue. But I haven’t seen nearly that level of proof for EA.
                    Yep exactly. We know there is a "patent" which is used because they think its evidence. But that isn't evidence at all as its been proven to only be offline

"buT ThEy WoUlDnT Do A PaTeNt WiThOuT UsInG It"....

Umm that happens all the time to stop competitors doing it.

There is no proof. Saying "my players stopped when I was winning" isn't proof. That's anecdotal. The fucking funniest one was the guy who was doing a 3 game experiment who was an Elite player and said if you give the opponent the ball for the first half and have no possession, the 2nd half you will automatically win (even though he lost 1 fucking game).People actually believed that was true!!!!
                        That’s hilarious. What a great scientific experiment!
                            The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
                        Have u actually played this game? Explain to me how Messi can feel great one match, then feels like Harry maguire trying to dribble in the next? Or how a player can take an age to shoot or pass the ball when they don't normally? It's blatently obviously they are altering things
                            Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
                                 Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
                EA literally has a patent on it, just google it
                    I did and it never mentioned Fifa or online.

So Where's the proof?
            The “evidence” for it not exists is trusting EA’s word, I wouldn’t call that convincing evidence
                They would not lie about something so easy to find out and fuck them over as they clearly like any public company have too much to lose and a legal team.

If they say it isn't in the game, I take that as it isn't in the game.
                    Do u believe Donald trump isn't racist too, just cuz he says so?
                    How can anyone prove it isn’t in the game?
                        Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who say it is in the game to prove it
                            Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
            The thing is why would they show evidence that its a thing? Shady as to hide it but it's probably the number 1 frustration in the fifa community and if they straight up admitted it there'd be outrage (even though most people already think it exists anyway)
                They admitted it was in the game a few years back.
                    Where did they?
                        few years ago now but it was called "momentum" plus anyone who actually plays FIFA knows they is something in the game that makes so it isn't based on skill.
                            Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
                                Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
            Okay, look for the post from Fuji720P in this sub. It’ll pop up if you search it in the bar, and if you don’t see the insane scripting/DDA there, you are either delusional or not experienced with FIFA
                I tried to search on mobile and nothing came up. I’ll try on PC later, or you can link the post if you’d like.
                 Nope, had a look, can't see any DDA there proven
            There is. Have a look thru reddit, some guy found pieces of code about adjusting difficulty etc
                I could find posts about the evidence that it is used offline, but not evidence that it is used in multiplayer/FUT. Do you have a link to a post with evidence that it is implemented online?
                    Good luck with that. You'll be waiting a very long time for anything.
            haha
            People still can't link evidence.

They are literally using the post of somebody who played 3 fucking games and lost 1 as evidence of DDA. I cannot believe it.
                Yeah, I’m just patiently waiting for some evidence. Any minute now I’m sure...
                    Same here. I've asked since yesterday and so far have got:

Theres a lawsuit which means it is in the game
Some body called Fuji had a video where you can see it
A guy did an experiment with 3 games and lost 1 but confirmed it is in the game
Theres a patent which mentions fifa nowhere 

I'm not saying it isn't online, but people say it is yet cannot provide a shred of evidence. If they do I'll admit I'm wrong.
                    We're still waiting for evidence that isn't :

A video from Fuji
A video from a 3 game experiment
A patent that had absolutely zero mention of Fifa
Some shoddy code that hae been proven for 4 years to be offline
EA being sued

ThE EvIdEnCe Is ThErE DdA CoFiRmEd
        If you need any proof you need to look a vid on this sub about a streamer getting DDA in the most insane and obvious way possible, you just can’t believe what you’re seeing. I can’t remember his name rn
            That isn't proof though. There isn't anywhere to see in that video that DDA happens
                Come on man that’s just insane, literally every second in that vid is DDA/Scripting to the fullest extent. 

Turn it around, when you suddenly roll over someone with 4-0, every skill you pull off is smooth and your passes just don’t get intercepted, you really think you are suddenly that good or your opponent is suddenly that stupid?

It’s too obvious, DDA exists
                    Videos aren't proof. They're anecdotes. They don't show passes, shot power, code etc.

If I am losing 4-0 I just give up tbh.
                        There were videos on YT from previous Fifa when people couldn't score on open goal from 2 meters with players having great finishing and replays contained direction of shots and power. In Fifa21 you can see new feature of defenders twisting thier ankles in funny way just to not block a shot. You can call them bugs and coincidences but for me it's too obvious to play this addictive piece of shit game anymore.
                            Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
                                There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
    What does DDA mean?
        Dynamic difficulty adjustment
            Thanks!
            Difficulty*
        Rebound mechanics or scripting, I assume
    DDA makes me happy, because i always concede early, i dont switch on for until about 2 and a half minutes in, so, 3-0 down, hah, nope, 4-3 win it is
    Who cares man. Instant karma is a bitch.
    Of course but still nice achievement. The opponent might have been boosted in the first half.
    100%. Nothing is worse than being up 2 goals at the 80th minute. You just know you’re going to lose.
Oh I thought you ment penalty as what’s gonna happen after pulling that celebration off ... and I’m 100% quitting before he takes it if he does that

Nevermind I see you don’t even pull that shit so the other guy doesn’t get a win.

Someone just quitted me in 10th minute after 1:1 and I got notiing
That run up is horrible
    agreed, I'd use my low 80- high 70 pen takers over him
        Luckily i packed totgs Bruno so i use him, but yeah even in draft i switch from Neymar to next best pen taker
            Fair enough, I just use my Bergkamp, who has 3 or 4 less pens, but higher power, or if not, a normal runup
                I hate pogba run up. That bitch killin me
    Agreed, my thumb starts having spasms by the time he's reached the ball
        Got the same with pogba lmao
    Really? I like the run up because it gives me more time to work with and aim the cursor when I take the pen because of the head turning towards where you wanna shoot thing when aiming your penalty
        With him and green timing you can do a pen that’s impossible to be saved. You can aim your head one way, and you have enough time in his run up to position your shot to the opposite top corner. Yellow/green time it and it’s in every time, nobody will step and dive in a direction that is also the opposite direction of your head movement
    It's the best run up. So much time to adjust
    Am I the only one that likes Neymar’s run up?
        Yes
            RIP
    Helps against Heads Watchers
So I’m not the only one that thinks that it’s EXTREMELY difficult to take pens with him?
    nope, he has the highest pen stat of all my players, but he is 4th or 5th choice to take
    I love taking pens with him, just wait for him to start running and I have all the time in the world to put the circle top corner.
        And watch that circle get bigger and bigger until you shank it wide.
            Just green it
                easier said than done
            It doesn't get bigger for me.
    Best penalty taker in the game IMO.
        How do you shoot with him? Last time the fucking circle didn’t stop getting bigger. At least it was steady 😅
            Need to Green time it
                Sometimes the bar doesn't appear though, then I miss it
                    The bar doesn’t appear for me, you have to press when your foot hits the floor
                    You don't need the bar, just press shoot button when the player Strikes the ball (or is about to, since there's a little delay in it sometimes)
    I think you just gotta learn to time it. Yeah, it takes some time/effort but if you green it he bangs it top bins no problem
Best pen taker for me. A lot of time to aim exactly.
    you can aim before shooting, or change your style to not need to aim it perfectly, for me his penalties always get saved, no matter the penalty tactic
        When you aim before pressing the shooting button the pen takers head movement tells the keeper the direction in want to shoot. What do you mean with style?
            start slightly left, aim right, start central and move to left or right, aim bottom corner and green time, put it above the keepers head, maybe not straight down the middle, basically, not taking a penalty in the same way every time
                I don’t play the same opponent twice so there is no need to change my target at all. All you are describing here is fine. Even better if you have a lot of time after pressing shoot until you hit the ball so you can exactly aim at this bottom corner and green time it. So what is the drawback of using neymar?
                    I guess in shootouts, but it just feels like every penalty he takes gets saved
                        In a shootout i shoot at different targets, but that has nothing to do with Neymar. Penalties are almost a game of 66-33 % for taker - goalie. Even though you might have the feeling every shot gets saved, it‘s probably not the case. definitely not the case for me at least.
                            Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
    8try 87 Beckham. 99 penalty lol.. Hasn't mossimed one yet for me.
Fr his animaion is so long, my aim starts to shake as if I was having an epileptic fit.
    which is why if I am forced into using him, it's bottom corner or straight down the middle
It’s so easy to score them with him. The run up takes forever but just keep the cursor centre till he actually gets close to hitting it and move at the end
    I dunno, for me he just always has them saved
No it’s better because it easier to move your pen to avoid reading head movement
SEND THAT TO YOUR FUCKING FRIENDS
    OUT FUCKING PLAYED
[deleted]
You mean team press?
    Lmao true, one dpad press and suddenly your 90 + passing player cant shortpass with his strong foot
        You chose to speak facts lmao KDB legs turn into noodles when people team press
            95 short passing 

**opponent team presses**

43 short passing 0 \* weakfoot
                Either that or when you put a small amount of power into a pass they’ll rocket that shit and if you put a lot of power the shit goes about 10 yards short of the intended player
        It’s not just that, it’s that they forget basic awareness. Instead of coming closer to support the teammate who’s getting pressured, all the players on your team just run away from the ball leaving you with nowhere to go.
            Ye they need to fix it, the man marking is fine but it makes no sense 90 + composure players should crumble and become bronzes. Team press has been like this for soooo long
some people can’t play against constant pressure
Although I mostly skip celebrations I also understand it’s a choice. All they do is motivate me to beat the person or motivate me to just quit. Either way is fine
Why don't you agree with celebrations lmao, it's a game
    this sub's pearl clutching regarding celebrations will always amuse me loool
        Bunch of whiney and entitled brats....

They hate celebrations unless it's them doing it to somebody else
            I don’t celebrate and wish others wouldn’t but it’s purely because of time.
                [deleted]
                    On Xbox it’s LB+RB I’m assuming PS L1+R1
                [deleted]
                    You drive a early to mid 2000s sedan with a spoiler don’t you
            Not really, it’s more so because a Fifa game is long enough as it is and some of us actually have things outside of Fifa to do...
            [deleted]
                Yes of course I play. 

No I don't give a fuck if somebody celebrates.
                    [deleted]
                        Where did I say I hated EA? You just pulling that out your arsehole.
            Some of us don’t have more than a hour to play, celebrations are frustrating and take time.
                Nor do I but I just deal with it and shrug it off
All right doc brown
Why do you let yourself be triggered by something you can’t control?
Its not a job bruh

If you score go celebrate your goal!
Why Don't you?
    Waste of time.
        It's only 5 to 10 seconds.
            Dont you understand man? If we waste 10 seconds of someone’s time playing a video game, we might as well book our tickets to hell
                What amusement do you even get out of your virtual player dabbing? Just skip it please.
                    I mean, I scored a goal? What amusement do you even get out of playing FIFA? For me, it’s playing football when I otherwise cant. And so I’ll celebrate when I score a goal I’m proud of.
                        I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function. I would have no problems with celebrations if they were short and unprovocative, instead they’re in the game to appeal to children and are abused by childish adults who enjoy pissing people off.
                            >I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
                                No that would be your life.
If the opponents Neymar has the same number it changes.
Regular bug
One of the many bugs of EA. Sometimes I even get the opponent's team name as my own.
This thing is legit. So many games I play that end in 5-6, 7-8 when it's impossible to defend against a 1 goal down team, and as soon as the score is equal they can't do shit.
    Hahaha ha no it isn't  its been proven
Yup. Just had a game on WL. I was 4 - 1 down at HT, and I won 5 - 4, with a goal in the 90th minute.

EA definitely lend a helping hand.
    Was up 4:0 in 40 minute against a guy who couldn’t get past the middle to be losing 5:4 in the 55 minute. Luckily won 7:5 but it is so obvious sometimes that the game helps you sometime.
        Oh, there we have it. Definitive Proof that DDA exists.
    Oh, there we have it. Definitive Proof that DDA exists.
        You again.

Keep your head in the sand if you like.
            Where is the proof then?
            Seems like I was right all along. DDA and scripting has been proven to not exist
                Firstly, wow, how sad are you to message everyone directly from messages months ago.

Secondly, nothing has been proven. The only proof is "EA says it doesn't exist" and a few people were invited to EA and dropped the case. That is not proof.
    Or maybe your opponent backed off because he thought he had it in the bag and you played hard with nothing to lose.
    For me, it's the opposite. I was leading 4-1 at the second half, then he scored 1 goal from corner, 1 pen and 2 goals inside the box, Hradecky was performing bad in my goal.

He only had 7 shots,  5 on target, while i had 13, 11 on target
    Lol did I just play you? 😂
    If true this would explain why so many times i choke a 3-0 lead. I thought I had a Barcelona mental block in my brain but it seems other people have the same issue?
    No they don't. They proven it isn't hahaha
That is mostly the case, but I have won/lost matches with a huge advantage because of one simple concept, unrelated to EA: Composure
    nah
Let little Timmy have his W. Naivety is a blessing
Gtfo here with that. DDA is in offline squad battles.
    People downvoting me, genuine question.

Where is the proof it exists?
        its obvious. have u played the game online?
            Yes and it isn't DDA. Its a combination of many factors.

Being "obvious" doesn't mean proof.
            You are wrong  .ea has proven it now. You must feel embarrassed
                i stopped playing the game a while ago, glad i did, shit gets me raged to no bound
    https://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2020-11-11-ea-faces-yet-another-class-action-lawsuit-over-alleged-use-of-dynamic-difficulty-adjustment

And

https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
        Doesn't mean jack shit. That isnt proof of anything as i said before numerous times
            Well people are proving it if you read that Reddit post. The amount of times your players suddenly play like shit after dominating the first half and the other team suddenly passing like Pirlo, defending as Maldini and shooting as Ronaldo is way too big to be a coincidence (or the other way around). Surely if you play online you have experienced it too
                No they aren't. That isnt proof.

Do you know the difference between proof and anecdotes?
                    And how would you prove it then? Just ask EA for their coding?
                        Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who claims it exists
                        That's literally what happened and they proven it isn't a thing. Git gud
        Look how the tables have turned.

They've now proven it isn't in the game and this dumbass lawsuit is withdrawn. Haaahahahahaa
    DOWNVOTERS

Proove it is literally all I'm asking
    LOLOLOLOL I WAS SO RIGHT ALL ALONG
100%, its always back and forth toxicity over small things like celebrations/golden goal etc etc haha
If this happened the other way round dude would be in here complaining about DDA and how the bullshit game gave his opponent a penalty for a perfect tackle in the 90th minute lol
PREACH
Yep
What’s DDA?
What is dda?
    dynamic difficulty adjustment
Every celebration is seen as toxic by the person that is losing.
but I hit elite :(
Because it was 4-1 at the time. People usually get offended by anything, losing by that much just amplifies it. 

He got a great comeback, which is nice to OP, but more often than not they’ll lose the match and cry because the opponent celebrated.
foreal tho......utter nonesense
    Tell me, how the hell a person comeback you while being behinde 4.1 in literally 2 min? Whith literally same style of game play and nothing being changed, so ?
What scripts?
I do the same but some opponents don't know about the head movement thing and because of that they randomly dive in the right direction to save my shots, sucks when that happens.
    Or they know about it and expect you to shoot in the other direction. I sometimes do that depending on the skills of the opponent

Edit: grammar
That makes no sense.... The keep saved it the whole way across the pitch?
    Twice
        Any evidence?
DDA doesn't exist and didn't 'Rob' you.

Just git gud
what if they were constant press all game while you sat back and sucked up everything but 3 goals leaving them ripe for picking at the end.  Maybe even went 3-0 and changed tactics to counter their styles. There are other things than to cry DDA all the time when you lose
    Yup fully agree
Gnabry's signature "Stir the pot" celebration (that's the fifa name for it).
    aka James Hardens signature celebration that Gnabry uses because he's an NBA fan
        I always skip celebrations unless the opponent does them, but I’ve been doing this stir the pot since fifa 19, I thought it came from steph curry though
            [https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175](https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175)
                That’s awesome to learn
Neymar has never been cheaper than he is this year. Very easy to get him in fairness!
    Ok not "very easy"
    [deleted]
        Yeah I think coins are pretty easy to get. You get a lot for just playing the game. Marquee matchups seem easier this year too so each week you should be making a few coins from that.

Take a look for some simple trading ideas on YouTube too if you want to get there faster. I currently have about 500k invested in one player and I'm expecting it to net me around 900 in about a week. That's the way forward!
            First of all, that takes a lot of time and honestly, my job/career is way more important than wasting time on trading. If you’re a casual like me and only play the weekend league games it’s not that easy as it seems. You also need a lot of pack luck to get some coins, if it were that easy to get certain players then everyone would play with Neymar instead of Dembele on the left. So, the conclusion is still the same, rich people who can afford Neymar.
                I'm also a casual player. I don't even play weekend league, mostly just play objectives. I've had several weeks where I didn't even get rivals rewards because I hadn't played at all.

I also have a job 😉
        With foundations SBCs + the rest of the profitable SBCs and Div Rival placement + weekly rewards and FUT Champs rewards Neymar's 700k pricetag is like 8-12 days of work for a new account in my experience
You feel it when youre 2-0 up, you feel it when youre 0-2 down. You feel it around the 45th/90th minute. You feel it definetly when youre facing a gold team. 

You always feel it.
    Whenever I concede its always on the 45th minute
        45th+6
            But it was only supposed to be one additional minute and they had it in their own half at +1:30
                But but but it's called minimum time
            Headed corner
    Anytime I’ve come up against a full icon team, I win… lol.
    Goddammit man , you're just so on the point!
Definitely rigged
    Nope I won a game like this one day ago. Opponent was celebrating with dance and I used pyschological warfare and won.
        Buckled up and strapped in
Does DDA actually exist online? Is there any proof of it doing so or just people clutching here?
    There’s also the fact that people put on high pressure, and the person with the lead gets nervous and chokes.
        Yup always happens to me
        Not the person that chokes, it's the players on the pitch.
            What? How is that possible? You mean EA code it so players choke?
                You ever notice how when your opponent turns on team press, your players seem to push forward slightly while your opponents manage to stay in front of them basically cutting out every single passing option?
                    It’s so broken and stupid. Another reason on the list to hate EA. I can’t pass to a single person because they are literally all marked and making no effort to get open. So I’m left to punt it up  field that may or may not go short and lead to another counter attack somehow. Seems to happen most often when I’m leading
                        Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
                    Yes that's changing the tactics
                        There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
                            That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
                You must be new to FIFA, ofc it is. You really believe that a guy who has one goal in 60 minutes manages to find the goal 4 more times in the remaining 30 to beat his opponent with no help whatsoever? You think the guy that was leading all of a sudden forgot how to defend?
                    [deleted]
                        EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
                            LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
                    What does elapsed time have to do with it..not every big lead is to do with there being a gap in levels between players. Sometimes you just start slow, either do to lack of focus or maybe a tactical shortfall with your custom setup vs that of the opposition, and a lot of times when you snap into it early enough and make the right changes, perhaps coupled with the opponent thinking he's home and hosed...you know...there can be a natural swing in final result. Also smart players know to have some mives up their sleve for the final strech of the game.
    I think its a culmination of both. Obviously if you’re down 2-0 with 10 to go youll be pressing harder. Had it happen to me yesterday, was up 2-0 in the 80th he scores 1 kickoff after I score my second to make it 2-1 then 4 minutes after that goal, scores again making it 2-2 in the 88th, AND THEN he scores a wonder goal with Coman while being pressed by Peres and Smalling outside the box in the 90th for him to win the game 3-2... was in control the whole entire game but then all of a sudden my players just DID NOT want to win that game. Its kind of annoying but I expect it now so it doesn’t bother nearly as much knowing this game is utter shit. Im glad ive knocked my playing down to maybe a few games a week this game is horrid.
        You know what else is fkin annoying as shit, when the players with still 80% stamina and 85+ pace move like fkin dump trucks.. 
adama falling behind in pace to fkin 78-80 pace players?? Wtf?? And that’s still in the first fkin half..
        I had a game like this yesterday, I was 5-2 down but I probably deserved to be closer but then I scored with about 15 mins to go and then just pressed after that and got a draw to bring it to extra time before getting the only goal of extra time to win it, self pressure definitely is a thing but I also feel that subs can make a huge difference. For example Felipe Anderson scored 2 goals for me and basically won me the match. There are a lot of different factors in my opinion
            Think you played me I was 5-2 up and lost in extra time
        H a n d i c a p
    What is DDA?
        Dynamic difficulties adjustment. Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.
            >Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.

Yeah, it is, but at the same time nobody who plays this game half seriously for a long time doesn't believe it exists, in all modes of play. It's just a thing you gotta deal with. The topic has become more prominent since FUT got more sweaty and people excreting more salt with it.

We know it exists in SP - nobody argues that, but when the same shit happens online you're not allowed to speak on it? Why the fuck do people find it so hard to disbelieve the most degenerate, exploitative corp in gaming when they deny it?

Fucking 5+ years ago it wasn't even a debate - it was taken for granted. People lived with it because it's not making you lose, it's just giving a losing opponent an extra leg up - the better player still wins in the end, that's facts, and some people can't deal with it, so they blame DDA. But it just fucking is - I play 2-300 games with a player and you think I can't know how fast that fuck runs, and when he's getting randomly nerfed? Stop it with that, you're in denial. I never blame my Ls on momentum (/whatever you want to call it), but I ain't gonna entertain any nay-saying on it.
                I've played since FIFA 12 and up until this year I've played loads and been an high elite player. Nepenthez is probably up in the top 100 of hours spent on FIFA lifetime and he doesn't either. I actually reckon more people don't think it is than do.

It might be in the game but I highly doubt it and there's nothing more than circumstantial evidence to support the claim that it's in there, so you can leave the 'nobody who plays this game half seriously doesn't believe it exists' out.
                I get you but if it's been admitted to offline and people believe it, then why not believe it when they say it isn't online?

And then why do we play a game that seems to be against us and screw us over?
                    It was admitted because the code for it was found, it wasn’t a “hey, we do this” but an “Oh shit. Look, that’s only for single player offline. We swear!”
            Oh thanks man
    The only "proof" there isn't is EA saying they don't use it online. But it's confirmed to be in the game so if you want to hitch your wagon to EA telling the truth that's on you. You can feel it working against you.. missing sitters, inaccurate passes that are normally easy, slow defensive player movement and much more.
        [deleted]
            Literally do 5 minutes of research before messaging
                I've done loads.
Cant find anything anywhere.
            People downvoting... All I'm asking is to show me where specifically it says this is in Fifa please. Not hard seeing as people are so convinced it exists.
            https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
                Come on man give me a break. 

Yeah that isn't proof at all and is complete irrelevant. Not even the same thing. And is one of the most laughable things I've seen. 

Also that guy played 3 games and lost 1. How can you say that is proof of DDA? Because 1 guy played 3 games with no evidence? 

Have you tried it? Why do more people not do this and go 30-0 then?
                    1. It's data mined code 2. They have a patent on it you dumbfuck. Literally takes 30 seconds to Google. https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170259177A1/en
                        Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
                            You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
                        What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
                Still can't believe this was used as a way to proove DDA

It's confirmed lads. We have the proof
            People downvoting..... All I'm asking is for you to show me where it says specifically it is in Fifa online. It shouldn't be too hard seeing you're adamant it exists in Fifa. Nobody had provided a single bit of evidence so far about it.
        It's not even confirmed to be in the game, they just have a patent for it.
    There’s absolutely no proof of it, other than anecdotal evidence which is iffy at best

To be fair it’d be quite hard to prove, but so was chemgate but people in the community found a way to collect evidence on that

IMO the lack of any proof points to dda not existing but I can’t say I haven’t blamed “dda” in a rage after a game
    Where do think dda comes from? It's a patent of dynamic difficulty adjustment which was registered by Ea and used in their games. They only claim that it is not used in Fifa (which is bullshit)
        You must be naive
        Okay so you said its bullshit. Why would you believe them if you think its bullshit and why would they lie? Im pretty sure they would be advised by their legal team not to lie.

And if they have lied why do you play the game knowing its coded against you?
            It was found regardless of their wishes, they just had to come with some reply after
    It's easier to say it's something else other than admitting one's lapse in concentration.

People cannot admit their own fault to themselves.
        I always admit my own faults. That's how people improve.
        no.  When you review a game and see inexcusable game mechanics that give a goal scoring opportunity, there is a right to be upset with the game.

It isn’t healthy, but it isn’t wrong.  This game, first and foremost, is designed to be a cash cow for EA sports.
            That you can understand
    There is no proof.
        Why do people keep saying that this is DDA then?
            There is DDA in offline mode like career mode to make it more interesting and so you dont smash your opponents every game if you're good. Not on online modes though. People can't seem to hold a lead here so they get crazy and assume its the game going against them.
                I always record my games and if I get tilted look back and see what I did wrong to try improve

Mostly its my fault
                    Exactly man at least you can see and admit when the fault is yours
                        Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
                            That isn't proof of DDA.
                Mystery ball is full of it and shows they can adjust online games whenever they feel like it.

In WL though it's like the opponent turning on constant pressure and your team going to bits because of it. That's not DDA, that's just shitty gameplay mechanics.
                Because EA have never lied to their fan base before... 🙄
                    They have a legal time who would advise them. They would be stupid to lie about something like this.
                        It's not against the law to lie
                            If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
                What about when you win 3 tackles in a row but they still bobble through and score. Or when a player you're not even controlling gives away a pen during a corner. How about when your defenders literally stand still while the whole attack comes piling through or when you physically can't change player no matter how much you batter LB. It exists.
                    Shitty
Coding
And
Shitty
Mechanics
                    The L1 player change not giving you who you want has been in fifa since the beginning. The answer is to use the right stick player change. It’s tricky to get used to but means you avoid that issue!
                        I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
        There's also no proof that there isn't Aliens hiding in Area 51.
            WOW......
    There’s no evidence that it is implemented online.

Edit: downvoters, please link the evidence. I didn’t say it didn’t exist, or even that it absolutely wasn’t implemented online. The question was if there is evidence, and I’m not aware of any. If I’m wrong, please link the evidence.
        "Why are you booing me? I'm right"
        There isn't which is why I asked. Why are people down voting you for telling the truth and asking a question?

If we can see evidence then I'll hold my hands up and admit it.
            I don’t get it. Probably the same people being toxic on the game, I guess. 

If evidence existed, I’d love to see it, but no one ever has any. Best I’ve seen is, “bro I was winning and then you could just tell.” I wouldn’t put it past EA to manipulate matchmaking (more likely) or gameplay to incentivize increased pack purchases. Activision has patents for their specific “SBMM” (a little more complex than just skill based) in Call of Duty to increase revenue. But I haven’t seen nearly that level of proof for EA.
                Yep exactly. We know there is a "patent" which is used because they think its evidence. But that isn't evidence at all as its been proven to only be offline

"buT ThEy WoUlDnT Do A PaTeNt WiThOuT UsInG It"....

Umm that happens all the time to stop competitors doing it.

There is no proof. Saying "my players stopped when I was winning" isn't proof. That's anecdotal. The fucking funniest one was the guy who was doing a 3 game experiment who was an Elite player and said if you give the opponent the ball for the first half and have no possession, the 2nd half you will automatically win (even though he lost 1 fucking game).People actually believed that was true!!!!
                    That’s hilarious. What a great scientific experiment!
                        The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
                    Have u actually played this game? Explain to me how Messi can feel great one match, then feels like Harry maguire trying to dribble in the next? Or how a player can take an age to shoot or pass the ball when they don't normally? It's blatently obviously they are altering things
                        Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
                             Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
            EA literally has a patent on it, just google it
                I did and it never mentioned Fifa or online.

So Where's the proof?
        The “evidence” for it not exists is trusting EA’s word, I wouldn’t call that convincing evidence
            They would not lie about something so easy to find out and fuck them over as they clearly like any public company have too much to lose and a legal team.

If they say it isn't in the game, I take that as it isn't in the game.
                Do u believe Donald trump isn't racist too, just cuz he says so?
                How can anyone prove it isn’t in the game?
                    Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who say it is in the game to prove it
                        Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
        The thing is why would they show evidence that its a thing? Shady as to hide it but it's probably the number 1 frustration in the fifa community and if they straight up admitted it there'd be outrage (even though most people already think it exists anyway)
            They admitted it was in the game a few years back.
                Where did they?
                    few years ago now but it was called "momentum" plus anyone who actually plays FIFA knows they is something in the game that makes so it isn't based on skill.
                        Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
                            Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
        Okay, look for the post from Fuji720P in this sub. It’ll pop up if you search it in the bar, and if you don’t see the insane scripting/DDA there, you are either delusional or not experienced with FIFA
            I tried to search on mobile and nothing came up. I’ll try on PC later, or you can link the post if you’d like.
             Nope, had a look, can't see any DDA there proven
        There is. Have a look thru reddit, some guy found pieces of code about adjusting difficulty etc
            I could find posts about the evidence that it is used offline, but not evidence that it is used in multiplayer/FUT. Do you have a link to a post with evidence that it is implemented online?
                Good luck with that. You'll be waiting a very long time for anything.
        haha
        People still can't link evidence.

They are literally using the post of somebody who played 3 fucking games and lost 1 as evidence of DDA. I cannot believe it.
            Yeah, I’m just patiently waiting for some evidence. Any minute now I’m sure...
                Same here. I've asked since yesterday and so far have got:

Theres a lawsuit which means it is in the game
Some body called Fuji had a video where you can see it
A guy did an experiment with 3 games and lost 1 but confirmed it is in the game
Theres a patent which mentions fifa nowhere 

I'm not saying it isn't online, but people say it is yet cannot provide a shred of evidence. If they do I'll admit I'm wrong.
                We're still waiting for evidence that isn't :

A video from Fuji
A video from a 3 game experiment
A patent that had absolutely zero mention of Fifa
Some shoddy code that hae been proven for 4 years to be offline
EA being sued

ThE EvIdEnCe Is ThErE DdA CoFiRmEd
    If you need any proof you need to look a vid on this sub about a streamer getting DDA in the most insane and obvious way possible, you just can’t believe what you’re seeing. I can’t remember his name rn
        That isn't proof though. There isn't anywhere to see in that video that DDA happens
            Come on man that’s just insane, literally every second in that vid is DDA/Scripting to the fullest extent. 

Turn it around, when you suddenly roll over someone with 4-0, every skill you pull off is smooth and your passes just don’t get intercepted, you really think you are suddenly that good or your opponent is suddenly that stupid?

It’s too obvious, DDA exists
                Videos aren't proof. They're anecdotes. They don't show passes, shot power, code etc.

If I am losing 4-0 I just give up tbh.
                    There were videos on YT from previous Fifa when people couldn't score on open goal from 2 meters with players having great finishing and replays contained direction of shots and power. In Fifa21 you can see new feature of defenders twisting thier ankles in funny way just to not block a shot. You can call them bugs and coincidences but for me it's too obvious to play this addictive piece of shit game anymore.
                        Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
                            There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
What does DDA mean?
    Dynamic difficulty adjustment
        Thanks!
        Difficulty*
    Rebound mechanics or scripting, I assume
DDA makes me happy, because i always concede early, i dont switch on for until about 2 and a half minutes in, so, 3-0 down, hah, nope, 4-3 win it is
Who cares man. Instant karma is a bitch.
Of course but still nice achievement. The opponent might have been boosted in the first half.
100%. Nothing is worse than being up 2 goals at the 80th minute. You just know you’re going to lose.
agreed, I'd use my low 80- high 70 pen takers over him
    Luckily i packed totgs Bruno so i use him, but yeah even in draft i switch from Neymar to next best pen taker
        Fair enough, I just use my Bergkamp, who has 3 or 4 less pens, but higher power, or if not, a normal runup
            I hate pogba run up. That bitch killin me
Agreed, my thumb starts having spasms by the time he's reached the ball
    Got the same with pogba lmao
Really? I like the run up because it gives me more time to work with and aim the cursor when I take the pen because of the head turning towards where you wanna shoot thing when aiming your penalty
    With him and green timing you can do a pen that’s impossible to be saved. You can aim your head one way, and you have enough time in his run up to position your shot to the opposite top corner. Yellow/green time it and it’s in every time, nobody will step and dive in a direction that is also the opposite direction of your head movement
It's the best run up. So much time to adjust
Am I the only one that likes Neymar’s run up?
    Yes
        RIP
Helps against Heads Watchers
nope, he has the highest pen stat of all my players, but he is 4th or 5th choice to take
I love taking pens with him, just wait for him to start running and I have all the time in the world to put the circle top corner.
    And watch that circle get bigger and bigger until you shank it wide.
        Just green it
            easier said than done
        It doesn't get bigger for me.
Best penalty taker in the game IMO.
    How do you shoot with him? Last time the fucking circle didn’t stop getting bigger. At least it was steady 😅
        Need to Green time it
            Sometimes the bar doesn't appear though, then I miss it
                The bar doesn’t appear for me, you have to press when your foot hits the floor
                You don't need the bar, just press shoot button when the player Strikes the ball (or is about to, since there's a little delay in it sometimes)
I think you just gotta learn to time it. Yeah, it takes some time/effort but if you green it he bangs it top bins no problem
you can aim before shooting, or change your style to not need to aim it perfectly, for me his penalties always get saved, no matter the penalty tactic
    When you aim before pressing the shooting button the pen takers head movement tells the keeper the direction in want to shoot. What do you mean with style?
        start slightly left, aim right, start central and move to left or right, aim bottom corner and green time, put it above the keepers head, maybe not straight down the middle, basically, not taking a penalty in the same way every time
            I don’t play the same opponent twice so there is no need to change my target at all. All you are describing here is fine. Even better if you have a lot of time after pressing shoot until you hit the ball so you can exactly aim at this bottom corner and green time it. So what is the drawback of using neymar?
                I guess in shootouts, but it just feels like every penalty he takes gets saved
                    In a shootout i shoot at different targets, but that has nothing to do with Neymar. Penalties are almost a game of 66-33 % for taker - goalie. Even though you might have the feeling every shot gets saved, it‘s probably not the case. definitely not the case for me at least.
                        Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
8try 87 Beckham. 99 penalty lol.. Hasn't mossimed one yet for me.
which is why if I am forced into using him, it's bottom corner or straight down the middle
I dunno, for me he just always has them saved
OUT FUCKING PLAYED
Lmao true, one dpad press and suddenly your 90 + passing player cant shortpass with his strong foot
    You chose to speak facts lmao KDB legs turn into noodles when people team press
        95 short passing 

**opponent team presses**

43 short passing 0 \* weakfoot
            Either that or when you put a small amount of power into a pass they’ll rocket that shit and if you put a lot of power the shit goes about 10 yards short of the intended player
    It’s not just that, it’s that they forget basic awareness. Instead of coming closer to support the teammate who’s getting pressured, all the players on your team just run away from the ball leaving you with nowhere to go.
        Ye they need to fix it, the man marking is fine but it makes no sense 90 + composure players should crumble and become bronzes. Team press has been like this for soooo long
this sub's pearl clutching regarding celebrations will always amuse me loool
    Bunch of whiney and entitled brats....

They hate celebrations unless it's them doing it to somebody else
        I don’t celebrate and wish others wouldn’t but it’s purely because of time.
            [deleted]
                On Xbox it’s LB+RB I’m assuming PS L1+R1
            [deleted]
                You drive a early to mid 2000s sedan with a spoiler don’t you
        Not really, it’s more so because a Fifa game is long enough as it is and some of us actually have things outside of Fifa to do...
        [deleted]
            Yes of course I play. 

No I don't give a fuck if somebody celebrates.
                [deleted]
                    Where did I say I hated EA? You just pulling that out your arsehole.
        Some of us don’t have more than a hour to play, celebrations are frustrating and take time.
            Nor do I but I just deal with it and shrug it off
Waste of time.
    It's only 5 to 10 seconds.
        Dont you understand man? If we waste 10 seconds of someone’s time playing a video game, we might as well book our tickets to hell
            What amusement do you even get out of your virtual player dabbing? Just skip it please.
                I mean, I scored a goal? What amusement do you even get out of playing FIFA? For me, it’s playing football when I otherwise cant. And so I’ll celebrate when I score a goal I’m proud of.
                    I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function. I would have no problems with celebrations if they were short and unprovocative, instead they’re in the game to appeal to children and are abused by childish adults who enjoy pissing people off.
                        >I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
                            No that would be your life.
Hahaha ha no it isn't  its been proven
Was up 4:0 in 40 minute against a guy who couldn’t get past the middle to be losing 5:4 in the 55 minute. Luckily won 7:5 but it is so obvious sometimes that the game helps you sometime.
    Oh, there we have it. Definitive Proof that DDA exists.
Oh, there we have it. Definitive Proof that DDA exists.
    You again.

Keep your head in the sand if you like.
        Where is the proof then?
        Seems like I was right all along. DDA and scripting has been proven to not exist
            Firstly, wow, how sad are you to message everyone directly from messages months ago.

Secondly, nothing has been proven. The only proof is "EA says it doesn't exist" and a few people were invited to EA and dropped the case. That is not proof.
Or maybe your opponent backed off because he thought he had it in the bag and you played hard with nothing to lose.
For me, it's the opposite. I was leading 4-1 at the second half, then he scored 1 goal from corner, 1 pen and 2 goals inside the box, Hradecky was performing bad in my goal.

He only had 7 shots,  5 on target, while i had 13, 11 on target
Lol did I just play you? 😂
If true this would explain why so many times i choke a 3-0 lead. I thought I had a Barcelona mental block in my brain but it seems other people have the same issue?
No they don't. They proven it isn't hahaha
nah
People downvoting me, genuine question.

Where is the proof it exists?
    its obvious. have u played the game online?
        Yes and it isn't DDA. Its a combination of many factors.

Being "obvious" doesn't mean proof.
        You are wrong  .ea has proven it now. You must feel embarrassed
            i stopped playing the game a while ago, glad i did, shit gets me raged to no bound
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2020-11-11-ea-faces-yet-another-class-action-lawsuit-over-alleged-use-of-dynamic-difficulty-adjustment

And

https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
    Doesn't mean jack shit. That isnt proof of anything as i said before numerous times
        Well people are proving it if you read that Reddit post. The amount of times your players suddenly play like shit after dominating the first half and the other team suddenly passing like Pirlo, defending as Maldini and shooting as Ronaldo is way too big to be a coincidence (or the other way around). Surely if you play online you have experienced it too
            No they aren't. That isnt proof.

Do you know the difference between proof and anecdotes?
                And how would you prove it then? Just ask EA for their coding?
                    Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who claims it exists
                    That's literally what happened and they proven it isn't a thing. Git gud
    Look how the tables have turned.

They've now proven it isn't in the game and this dumbass lawsuit is withdrawn. Haaahahahahaa
DOWNVOTERS

Proove it is literally all I'm asking
LOLOLOLOL I WAS SO RIGHT ALL ALONG
dynamic difficulty adjustment
Tell me, how the hell a person comeback you while being behinde 4.1 in literally 2 min? Whith literally same style of game play and nothing being changed, so ?
Or they know about it and expect you to shoot in the other direction. I sometimes do that depending on the skills of the opponent

Edit: grammar
Twice
    Any evidence?
Yup fully agree
aka James Hardens signature celebration that Gnabry uses because he's an NBA fan
    I always skip celebrations unless the opponent does them, but I’ve been doing this stir the pot since fifa 19, I thought it came from steph curry though
        [https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175](https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175)
            That’s awesome to learn
Ok not "very easy"
[deleted]
    Yeah I think coins are pretty easy to get. You get a lot for just playing the game. Marquee matchups seem easier this year too so each week you should be making a few coins from that.

Take a look for some simple trading ideas on YouTube too if you want to get there faster. I currently have about 500k invested in one player and I'm expecting it to net me around 900 in about a week. That's the way forward!
        First of all, that takes a lot of time and honestly, my job/career is way more important than wasting time on trading. If you’re a casual like me and only play the weekend league games it’s not that easy as it seems. You also need a lot of pack luck to get some coins, if it were that easy to get certain players then everyone would play with Neymar instead of Dembele on the left. So, the conclusion is still the same, rich people who can afford Neymar.
            I'm also a casual player. I don't even play weekend league, mostly just play objectives. I've had several weeks where I didn't even get rivals rewards because I hadn't played at all.

I also have a job 😉
    With foundations SBCs + the rest of the profitable SBCs and Div Rival placement + weekly rewards and FUT Champs rewards Neymar's 700k pricetag is like 8-12 days of work for a new account in my experience
Whenever I concede its always on the 45th minute
    45th+6
        But it was only supposed to be one additional minute and they had it in their own half at +1:30
            But but but it's called minimum time
        Headed corner
Anytime I’ve come up against a full icon team, I win… lol.
Goddammit man , you're just so on the point!
Nope I won a game like this one day ago. Opponent was celebrating with dance and I used pyschological warfare and won.
    Buckled up and strapped in
There’s also the fact that people put on high pressure, and the person with the lead gets nervous and chokes.
    Yup always happens to me
    Not the person that chokes, it's the players on the pitch.
        What? How is that possible? You mean EA code it so players choke?
            You ever notice how when your opponent turns on team press, your players seem to push forward slightly while your opponents manage to stay in front of them basically cutting out every single passing option?
                It’s so broken and stupid. Another reason on the list to hate EA. I can’t pass to a single person because they are literally all marked and making no effort to get open. So I’m left to punt it up  field that may or may not go short and lead to another counter attack somehow. Seems to happen most often when I’m leading
                    Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
                Yes that's changing the tactics
                    There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
                        That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
            You must be new to FIFA, ofc it is. You really believe that a guy who has one goal in 60 minutes manages to find the goal 4 more times in the remaining 30 to beat his opponent with no help whatsoever? You think the guy that was leading all of a sudden forgot how to defend?
                [deleted]
                    EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
                        LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
                What does elapsed time have to do with it..not every big lead is to do with there being a gap in levels between players. Sometimes you just start slow, either do to lack of focus or maybe a tactical shortfall with your custom setup vs that of the opposition, and a lot of times when you snap into it early enough and make the right changes, perhaps coupled with the opponent thinking he's home and hosed...you know...there can be a natural swing in final result. Also smart players know to have some mives up their sleve for the final strech of the game.
I think its a culmination of both. Obviously if you’re down 2-0 with 10 to go youll be pressing harder. Had it happen to me yesterday, was up 2-0 in the 80th he scores 1 kickoff after I score my second to make it 2-1 then 4 minutes after that goal, scores again making it 2-2 in the 88th, AND THEN he scores a wonder goal with Coman while being pressed by Peres and Smalling outside the box in the 90th for him to win the game 3-2... was in control the whole entire game but then all of a sudden my players just DID NOT want to win that game. Its kind of annoying but I expect it now so it doesn’t bother nearly as much knowing this game is utter shit. Im glad ive knocked my playing down to maybe a few games a week this game is horrid.
    You know what else is fkin annoying as shit, when the players with still 80% stamina and 85+ pace move like fkin dump trucks.. 
adama falling behind in pace to fkin 78-80 pace players?? Wtf?? And that’s still in the first fkin half..
    I had a game like this yesterday, I was 5-2 down but I probably deserved to be closer but then I scored with about 15 mins to go and then just pressed after that and got a draw to bring it to extra time before getting the only goal of extra time to win it, self pressure definitely is a thing but I also feel that subs can make a huge difference. For example Felipe Anderson scored 2 goals for me and basically won me the match. There are a lot of different factors in my opinion
        Think you played me I was 5-2 up and lost in extra time
    H a n d i c a p
What is DDA?
    Dynamic difficulties adjustment. Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.
        >Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.

Yeah, it is, but at the same time nobody who plays this game half seriously for a long time doesn't believe it exists, in all modes of play. It's just a thing you gotta deal with. The topic has become more prominent since FUT got more sweaty and people excreting more salt with it.

We know it exists in SP - nobody argues that, but when the same shit happens online you're not allowed to speak on it? Why the fuck do people find it so hard to disbelieve the most degenerate, exploitative corp in gaming when they deny it?

Fucking 5+ years ago it wasn't even a debate - it was taken for granted. People lived with it because it's not making you lose, it's just giving a losing opponent an extra leg up - the better player still wins in the end, that's facts, and some people can't deal with it, so they blame DDA. But it just fucking is - I play 2-300 games with a player and you think I can't know how fast that fuck runs, and when he's getting randomly nerfed? Stop it with that, you're in denial. I never blame my Ls on momentum (/whatever you want to call it), but I ain't gonna entertain any nay-saying on it.
            I've played since FIFA 12 and up until this year I've played loads and been an high elite player. Nepenthez is probably up in the top 100 of hours spent on FIFA lifetime and he doesn't either. I actually reckon more people don't think it is than do.

It might be in the game but I highly doubt it and there's nothing more than circumstantial evidence to support the claim that it's in there, so you can leave the 'nobody who plays this game half seriously doesn't believe it exists' out.
            I get you but if it's been admitted to offline and people believe it, then why not believe it when they say it isn't online?

And then why do we play a game that seems to be against us and screw us over?
                It was admitted because the code for it was found, it wasn’t a “hey, we do this” but an “Oh shit. Look, that’s only for single player offline. We swear!”
        Oh thanks man
The only "proof" there isn't is EA saying they don't use it online. But it's confirmed to be in the game so if you want to hitch your wagon to EA telling the truth that's on you. You can feel it working against you.. missing sitters, inaccurate passes that are normally easy, slow defensive player movement and much more.
    [deleted]
        Literally do 5 minutes of research before messaging
            I've done loads.
Cant find anything anywhere.
        People downvoting... All I'm asking is to show me where specifically it says this is in Fifa please. Not hard seeing as people are so convinced it exists.
        https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
            Come on man give me a break. 

Yeah that isn't proof at all and is complete irrelevant. Not even the same thing. And is one of the most laughable things I've seen. 

Also that guy played 3 games and lost 1. How can you say that is proof of DDA? Because 1 guy played 3 games with no evidence? 

Have you tried it? Why do more people not do this and go 30-0 then?
                1. It's data mined code 2. They have a patent on it you dumbfuck. Literally takes 30 seconds to Google. https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170259177A1/en
                    Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
                        You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
                    What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
            Still can't believe this was used as a way to proove DDA

It's confirmed lads. We have the proof
        People downvoting..... All I'm asking is for you to show me where it says specifically it is in Fifa online. It shouldn't be too hard seeing you're adamant it exists in Fifa. Nobody had provided a single bit of evidence so far about it.
    It's not even confirmed to be in the game, they just have a patent for it.
There’s absolutely no proof of it, other than anecdotal evidence which is iffy at best

To be fair it’d be quite hard to prove, but so was chemgate but people in the community found a way to collect evidence on that

IMO the lack of any proof points to dda not existing but I can’t say I haven’t blamed “dda” in a rage after a game
Where do think dda comes from? It's a patent of dynamic difficulty adjustment which was registered by Ea and used in their games. They only claim that it is not used in Fifa (which is bullshit)
    You must be naive
    Okay so you said its bullshit. Why would you believe them if you think its bullshit and why would they lie? Im pretty sure they would be advised by their legal team not to lie.

And if they have lied why do you play the game knowing its coded against you?
        It was found regardless of their wishes, they just had to come with some reply after
It's easier to say it's something else other than admitting one's lapse in concentration.

People cannot admit their own fault to themselves.
    I always admit my own faults. That's how people improve.
    no.  When you review a game and see inexcusable game mechanics that give a goal scoring opportunity, there is a right to be upset with the game.

It isn’t healthy, but it isn’t wrong.  This game, first and foremost, is designed to be a cash cow for EA sports.
        That you can understand
There is no proof.
    Why do people keep saying that this is DDA then?
        There is DDA in offline mode like career mode to make it more interesting and so you dont smash your opponents every game if you're good. Not on online modes though. People can't seem to hold a lead here so they get crazy and assume its the game going against them.
            I always record my games and if I get tilted look back and see what I did wrong to try improve

Mostly its my fault
                Exactly man at least you can see and admit when the fault is yours
                    Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
                        That isn't proof of DDA.
            Mystery ball is full of it and shows they can adjust online games whenever they feel like it.

In WL though it's like the opponent turning on constant pressure and your team going to bits because of it. That's not DDA, that's just shitty gameplay mechanics.
            Because EA have never lied to their fan base before... 🙄
                They have a legal time who would advise them. They would be stupid to lie about something like this.
                    It's not against the law to lie
                        If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
            What about when you win 3 tackles in a row but they still bobble through and score. Or when a player you're not even controlling gives away a pen during a corner. How about when your defenders literally stand still while the whole attack comes piling through or when you physically can't change player no matter how much you batter LB. It exists.
                Shitty
Coding
And
Shitty
Mechanics
                The L1 player change not giving you who you want has been in fifa since the beginning. The answer is to use the right stick player change. It’s tricky to get used to but means you avoid that issue!
                    I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
    There's also no proof that there isn't Aliens hiding in Area 51.
        WOW......
There’s no evidence that it is implemented online.

Edit: downvoters, please link the evidence. I didn’t say it didn’t exist, or even that it absolutely wasn’t implemented online. The question was if there is evidence, and I’m not aware of any. If I’m wrong, please link the evidence.
    "Why are you booing me? I'm right"
    There isn't which is why I asked. Why are people down voting you for telling the truth and asking a question?

If we can see evidence then I'll hold my hands up and admit it.
        I don’t get it. Probably the same people being toxic on the game, I guess. 

If evidence existed, I’d love to see it, but no one ever has any. Best I’ve seen is, “bro I was winning and then you could just tell.” I wouldn’t put it past EA to manipulate matchmaking (more likely) or gameplay to incentivize increased pack purchases. Activision has patents for their specific “SBMM” (a little more complex than just skill based) in Call of Duty to increase revenue. But I haven’t seen nearly that level of proof for EA.
            Yep exactly. We know there is a "patent" which is used because they think its evidence. But that isn't evidence at all as its been proven to only be offline

"buT ThEy WoUlDnT Do A PaTeNt WiThOuT UsInG It"....

Umm that happens all the time to stop competitors doing it.

There is no proof. Saying "my players stopped when I was winning" isn't proof. That's anecdotal. The fucking funniest one was the guy who was doing a 3 game experiment who was an Elite player and said if you give the opponent the ball for the first half and have no possession, the 2nd half you will automatically win (even though he lost 1 fucking game).People actually believed that was true!!!!
                That’s hilarious. What a great scientific experiment!
                    The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
                Have u actually played this game? Explain to me how Messi can feel great one match, then feels like Harry maguire trying to dribble in the next? Or how a player can take an age to shoot or pass the ball when they don't normally? It's blatently obviously they are altering things
                    Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
                         Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
        EA literally has a patent on it, just google it
            I did and it never mentioned Fifa or online.

So Where's the proof?
    The “evidence” for it not exists is trusting EA’s word, I wouldn’t call that convincing evidence
        They would not lie about something so easy to find out and fuck them over as they clearly like any public company have too much to lose and a legal team.

If they say it isn't in the game, I take that as it isn't in the game.
            Do u believe Donald trump isn't racist too, just cuz he says so?
            How can anyone prove it isn’t in the game?
                Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who say it is in the game to prove it
                    Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
    The thing is why would they show evidence that its a thing? Shady as to hide it but it's probably the number 1 frustration in the fifa community and if they straight up admitted it there'd be outrage (even though most people already think it exists anyway)
        They admitted it was in the game a few years back.
            Where did they?
                few years ago now but it was called "momentum" plus anyone who actually plays FIFA knows they is something in the game that makes so it isn't based on skill.
                    Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
                        Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
    Okay, look for the post from Fuji720P in this sub. It’ll pop up if you search it in the bar, and if you don’t see the insane scripting/DDA there, you are either delusional or not experienced with FIFA
        I tried to search on mobile and nothing came up. I’ll try on PC later, or you can link the post if you’d like.
         Nope, had a look, can't see any DDA there proven
    There is. Have a look thru reddit, some guy found pieces of code about adjusting difficulty etc
        I could find posts about the evidence that it is used offline, but not evidence that it is used in multiplayer/FUT. Do you have a link to a post with evidence that it is implemented online?
            Good luck with that. You'll be waiting a very long time for anything.
    haha
    People still can't link evidence.

They are literally using the post of somebody who played 3 fucking games and lost 1 as evidence of DDA. I cannot believe it.
        Yeah, I’m just patiently waiting for some evidence. Any minute now I’m sure...
            Same here. I've asked since yesterday and so far have got:

Theres a lawsuit which means it is in the game
Some body called Fuji had a video where you can see it
A guy did an experiment with 3 games and lost 1 but confirmed it is in the game
Theres a patent which mentions fifa nowhere 

I'm not saying it isn't online, but people say it is yet cannot provide a shred of evidence. If they do I'll admit I'm wrong.
            We're still waiting for evidence that isn't :

A video from Fuji
A video from a 3 game experiment
A patent that had absolutely zero mention of Fifa
Some shoddy code that hae been proven for 4 years to be offline
EA being sued

ThE EvIdEnCe Is ThErE DdA CoFiRmEd
If you need any proof you need to look a vid on this sub about a streamer getting DDA in the most insane and obvious way possible, you just can’t believe what you’re seeing. I can’t remember his name rn
    That isn't proof though. There isn't anywhere to see in that video that DDA happens
        Come on man that’s just insane, literally every second in that vid is DDA/Scripting to the fullest extent. 

Turn it around, when you suddenly roll over someone with 4-0, every skill you pull off is smooth and your passes just don’t get intercepted, you really think you are suddenly that good or your opponent is suddenly that stupid?

It’s too obvious, DDA exists
            Videos aren't proof. They're anecdotes. They don't show passes, shot power, code etc.

If I am losing 4-0 I just give up tbh.
                There were videos on YT from previous Fifa when people couldn't score on open goal from 2 meters with players having great finishing and replays contained direction of shots and power. In Fifa21 you can see new feature of defenders twisting thier ankles in funny way just to not block a shot. You can call them bugs and coincidences but for me it's too obvious to play this addictive piece of shit game anymore.
                    Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
                        There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
Dynamic difficulty adjustment
    Thanks!
    Difficulty*
Rebound mechanics or scripting, I assume
Luckily i packed totgs Bruno so i use him, but yeah even in draft i switch from Neymar to next best pen taker
    Fair enough, I just use my Bergkamp, who has 3 or 4 less pens, but higher power, or if not, a normal runup
        I hate pogba run up. That bitch killin me
Got the same with pogba lmao
With him and green timing you can do a pen that’s impossible to be saved. You can aim your head one way, and you have enough time in his run up to position your shot to the opposite top corner. Yellow/green time it and it’s in every time, nobody will step and dive in a direction that is also the opposite direction of your head movement
Yes
    RIP
And watch that circle get bigger and bigger until you shank it wide.
    Just green it
        easier said than done
    It doesn't get bigger for me.
How do you shoot with him? Last time the fucking circle didn’t stop getting bigger. At least it was steady 😅
    Need to Green time it
        Sometimes the bar doesn't appear though, then I miss it
            The bar doesn’t appear for me, you have to press when your foot hits the floor
            You don't need the bar, just press shoot button when the player Strikes the ball (or is about to, since there's a little delay in it sometimes)
When you aim before pressing the shooting button the pen takers head movement tells the keeper the direction in want to shoot. What do you mean with style?
    start slightly left, aim right, start central and move to left or right, aim bottom corner and green time, put it above the keepers head, maybe not straight down the middle, basically, not taking a penalty in the same way every time
        I don’t play the same opponent twice so there is no need to change my target at all. All you are describing here is fine. Even better if you have a lot of time after pressing shoot until you hit the ball so you can exactly aim at this bottom corner and green time it. So what is the drawback of using neymar?
            I guess in shootouts, but it just feels like every penalty he takes gets saved
                In a shootout i shoot at different targets, but that has nothing to do with Neymar. Penalties are almost a game of 66-33 % for taker - goalie. Even though you might have the feeling every shot gets saved, it‘s probably not the case. definitely not the case for me at least.
                    Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
You chose to speak facts lmao KDB legs turn into noodles when people team press
    95 short passing 

**opponent team presses**

43 short passing 0 \* weakfoot
        Either that or when you put a small amount of power into a pass they’ll rocket that shit and if you put a lot of power the shit goes about 10 yards short of the intended player
It’s not just that, it’s that they forget basic awareness. Instead of coming closer to support the teammate who’s getting pressured, all the players on your team just run away from the ball leaving you with nowhere to go.
    Ye they need to fix it, the man marking is fine but it makes no sense 90 + composure players should crumble and become bronzes. Team press has been like this for soooo long
Bunch of whiney and entitled brats....

They hate celebrations unless it's them doing it to somebody else
    I don’t celebrate and wish others wouldn’t but it’s purely because of time.
        [deleted]
            On Xbox it’s LB+RB I’m assuming PS L1+R1
        [deleted]
            You drive a early to mid 2000s sedan with a spoiler don’t you
    Not really, it’s more so because a Fifa game is long enough as it is and some of us actually have things outside of Fifa to do...
    [deleted]
        Yes of course I play. 

No I don't give a fuck if somebody celebrates.
            [deleted]
                Where did I say I hated EA? You just pulling that out your arsehole.
    Some of us don’t have more than a hour to play, celebrations are frustrating and take time.
        Nor do I but I just deal with it and shrug it off
It's only 5 to 10 seconds.
    Dont you understand man? If we waste 10 seconds of someone’s time playing a video game, we might as well book our tickets to hell
        What amusement do you even get out of your virtual player dabbing? Just skip it please.
            I mean, I scored a goal? What amusement do you even get out of playing FIFA? For me, it’s playing football when I otherwise cant. And so I’ll celebrate when I score a goal I’m proud of.
                I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function. I would have no problems with celebrations if they were short and unprovocative, instead they’re in the game to appeal to children and are abused by childish adults who enjoy pissing people off.
                    >I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
                        No that would be your life.
Oh, there we have it. Definitive Proof that DDA exists.
You again.

Keep your head in the sand if you like.
    Where is the proof then?
    Seems like I was right all along. DDA and scripting has been proven to not exist
        Firstly, wow, how sad are you to message everyone directly from messages months ago.

Secondly, nothing has been proven. The only proof is "EA says it doesn't exist" and a few people were invited to EA and dropped the case. That is not proof.
its obvious. have u played the game online?
    Yes and it isn't DDA. Its a combination of many factors.

Being "obvious" doesn't mean proof.
    You are wrong  .ea has proven it now. You must feel embarrassed
        i stopped playing the game a while ago, glad i did, shit gets me raged to no bound
Doesn't mean jack shit. That isnt proof of anything as i said before numerous times
    Well people are proving it if you read that Reddit post. The amount of times your players suddenly play like shit after dominating the first half and the other team suddenly passing like Pirlo, defending as Maldini and shooting as Ronaldo is way too big to be a coincidence (or the other way around). Surely if you play online you have experienced it too
        No they aren't. That isnt proof.

Do you know the difference between proof and anecdotes?
            And how would you prove it then? Just ask EA for their coding?
                Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who claims it exists
                That's literally what happened and they proven it isn't a thing. Git gud
Look how the tables have turned.

They've now proven it isn't in the game and this dumbass lawsuit is withdrawn. Haaahahahahaa
Any evidence?
I always skip celebrations unless the opponent does them, but I’ve been doing this stir the pot since fifa 19, I thought it came from steph curry though
    [https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175](https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175)
        That’s awesome to learn
Yeah I think coins are pretty easy to get. You get a lot for just playing the game. Marquee matchups seem easier this year too so each week you should be making a few coins from that.

Take a look for some simple trading ideas on YouTube too if you want to get there faster. I currently have about 500k invested in one player and I'm expecting it to net me around 900 in about a week. That's the way forward!
    First of all, that takes a lot of time and honestly, my job/career is way more important than wasting time on trading. If you’re a casual like me and only play the weekend league games it’s not that easy as it seems. You also need a lot of pack luck to get some coins, if it were that easy to get certain players then everyone would play with Neymar instead of Dembele on the left. So, the conclusion is still the same, rich people who can afford Neymar.
        I'm also a casual player. I don't even play weekend league, mostly just play objectives. I've had several weeks where I didn't even get rivals rewards because I hadn't played at all.

I also have a job 😉
With foundations SBCs + the rest of the profitable SBCs and Div Rival placement + weekly rewards and FUT Champs rewards Neymar's 700k pricetag is like 8-12 days of work for a new account in my experience
45th+6
    But it was only supposed to be one additional minute and they had it in their own half at +1:30
        But but but it's called minimum time
    Headed corner
Buckled up and strapped in
Yup always happens to me
Not the person that chokes, it's the players on the pitch.
    What? How is that possible? You mean EA code it so players choke?
        You ever notice how when your opponent turns on team press, your players seem to push forward slightly while your opponents manage to stay in front of them basically cutting out every single passing option?
            It’s so broken and stupid. Another reason on the list to hate EA. I can’t pass to a single person because they are literally all marked and making no effort to get open. So I’m left to punt it up  field that may or may not go short and lead to another counter attack somehow. Seems to happen most often when I’m leading
                Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
            Yes that's changing the tactics
                There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
                    That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
        You must be new to FIFA, ofc it is. You really believe that a guy who has one goal in 60 minutes manages to find the goal 4 more times in the remaining 30 to beat his opponent with no help whatsoever? You think the guy that was leading all of a sudden forgot how to defend?
            [deleted]
                EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
                    LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
            What does elapsed time have to do with it..not every big lead is to do with there being a gap in levels between players. Sometimes you just start slow, either do to lack of focus or maybe a tactical shortfall with your custom setup vs that of the opposition, and a lot of times when you snap into it early enough and make the right changes, perhaps coupled with the opponent thinking he's home and hosed...you know...there can be a natural swing in final result. Also smart players know to have some mives up their sleve for the final strech of the game.
You know what else is fkin annoying as shit, when the players with still 80% stamina and 85+ pace move like fkin dump trucks.. 
adama falling behind in pace to fkin 78-80 pace players?? Wtf?? And that’s still in the first fkin half..
I had a game like this yesterday, I was 5-2 down but I probably deserved to be closer but then I scored with about 15 mins to go and then just pressed after that and got a draw to bring it to extra time before getting the only goal of extra time to win it, self pressure definitely is a thing but I also feel that subs can make a huge difference. For example Felipe Anderson scored 2 goals for me and basically won me the match. There are a lot of different factors in my opinion
    Think you played me I was 5-2 up and lost in extra time
H a n d i c a p
Dynamic difficulties adjustment. Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.
    >Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.

Yeah, it is, but at the same time nobody who plays this game half seriously for a long time doesn't believe it exists, in all modes of play. It's just a thing you gotta deal with. The topic has become more prominent since FUT got more sweaty and people excreting more salt with it.

We know it exists in SP - nobody argues that, but when the same shit happens online you're not allowed to speak on it? Why the fuck do people find it so hard to disbelieve the most degenerate, exploitative corp in gaming when they deny it?

Fucking 5+ years ago it wasn't even a debate - it was taken for granted. People lived with it because it's not making you lose, it's just giving a losing opponent an extra leg up - the better player still wins in the end, that's facts, and some people can't deal with it, so they blame DDA. But it just fucking is - I play 2-300 games with a player and you think I can't know how fast that fuck runs, and when he's getting randomly nerfed? Stop it with that, you're in denial. I never blame my Ls on momentum (/whatever you want to call it), but I ain't gonna entertain any nay-saying on it.
        I've played since FIFA 12 and up until this year I've played loads and been an high elite player. Nepenthez is probably up in the top 100 of hours spent on FIFA lifetime and he doesn't either. I actually reckon more people don't think it is than do.

It might be in the game but I highly doubt it and there's nothing more than circumstantial evidence to support the claim that it's in there, so you can leave the 'nobody who plays this game half seriously doesn't believe it exists' out.
        I get you but if it's been admitted to offline and people believe it, then why not believe it when they say it isn't online?

And then why do we play a game that seems to be against us and screw us over?
            It was admitted because the code for it was found, it wasn’t a “hey, we do this” but an “Oh shit. Look, that’s only for single player offline. We swear!”
    Oh thanks man
[deleted]
    Literally do 5 minutes of research before messaging
        I've done loads.
Cant find anything anywhere.
    People downvoting... All I'm asking is to show me where specifically it says this is in Fifa please. Not hard seeing as people are so convinced it exists.
    https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
        Come on man give me a break. 

Yeah that isn't proof at all and is complete irrelevant. Not even the same thing. And is one of the most laughable things I've seen. 

Also that guy played 3 games and lost 1. How can you say that is proof of DDA? Because 1 guy played 3 games with no evidence? 

Have you tried it? Why do more people not do this and go 30-0 then?
            1. It's data mined code 2. They have a patent on it you dumbfuck. Literally takes 30 seconds to Google. https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170259177A1/en
                Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
                    You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
                What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
        Still can't believe this was used as a way to proove DDA

It's confirmed lads. We have the proof
    People downvoting..... All I'm asking is for you to show me where it says specifically it is in Fifa online. It shouldn't be too hard seeing you're adamant it exists in Fifa. Nobody had provided a single bit of evidence so far about it.
It's not even confirmed to be in the game, they just have a patent for it.
You must be naive
Okay so you said its bullshit. Why would you believe them if you think its bullshit and why would they lie? Im pretty sure they would be advised by their legal team not to lie.

And if they have lied why do you play the game knowing its coded against you?
    It was found regardless of their wishes, they just had to come with some reply after
I always admit my own faults. That's how people improve.
no.  When you review a game and see inexcusable game mechanics that give a goal scoring opportunity, there is a right to be upset with the game.

It isn’t healthy, but it isn’t wrong.  This game, first and foremost, is designed to be a cash cow for EA sports.
    That you can understand
Why do people keep saying that this is DDA then?
    There is DDA in offline mode like career mode to make it more interesting and so you dont smash your opponents every game if you're good. Not on online modes though. People can't seem to hold a lead here so they get crazy and assume its the game going against them.
        I always record my games and if I get tilted look back and see what I did wrong to try improve

Mostly its my fault
            Exactly man at least you can see and admit when the fault is yours
                Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
                    That isn't proof of DDA.
        Mystery ball is full of it and shows they can adjust online games whenever they feel like it.

In WL though it's like the opponent turning on constant pressure and your team going to bits because of it. That's not DDA, that's just shitty gameplay mechanics.
        Because EA have never lied to their fan base before... 🙄
            They have a legal time who would advise them. They would be stupid to lie about something like this.
                It's not against the law to lie
                    If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
        What about when you win 3 tackles in a row but they still bobble through and score. Or when a player you're not even controlling gives away a pen during a corner. How about when your defenders literally stand still while the whole attack comes piling through or when you physically can't change player no matter how much you batter LB. It exists.
            Shitty
Coding
And
Shitty
Mechanics
            The L1 player change not giving you who you want has been in fifa since the beginning. The answer is to use the right stick player change. It’s tricky to get used to but means you avoid that issue!
                I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
There's also no proof that there isn't Aliens hiding in Area 51.
    WOW......
"Why are you booing me? I'm right"
There isn't which is why I asked. Why are people down voting you for telling the truth and asking a question?

If we can see evidence then I'll hold my hands up and admit it.
    I don’t get it. Probably the same people being toxic on the game, I guess. 

If evidence existed, I’d love to see it, but no one ever has any. Best I’ve seen is, “bro I was winning and then you could just tell.” I wouldn’t put it past EA to manipulate matchmaking (more likely) or gameplay to incentivize increased pack purchases. Activision has patents for their specific “SBMM” (a little more complex than just skill based) in Call of Duty to increase revenue. But I haven’t seen nearly that level of proof for EA.
        Yep exactly. We know there is a "patent" which is used because they think its evidence. But that isn't evidence at all as its been proven to only be offline

"buT ThEy WoUlDnT Do A PaTeNt WiThOuT UsInG It"....

Umm that happens all the time to stop competitors doing it.

There is no proof. Saying "my players stopped when I was winning" isn't proof. That's anecdotal. The fucking funniest one was the guy who was doing a 3 game experiment who was an Elite player and said if you give the opponent the ball for the first half and have no possession, the 2nd half you will automatically win (even though he lost 1 fucking game).People actually believed that was true!!!!
            That’s hilarious. What a great scientific experiment!
                The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
            Have u actually played this game? Explain to me how Messi can feel great one match, then feels like Harry maguire trying to dribble in the next? Or how a player can take an age to shoot or pass the ball when they don't normally? It's blatently obviously they are altering things
                Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
                     Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
    EA literally has a patent on it, just google it
        I did and it never mentioned Fifa or online.

So Where's the proof?
The “evidence” for it not exists is trusting EA’s word, I wouldn’t call that convincing evidence
    They would not lie about something so easy to find out and fuck them over as they clearly like any public company have too much to lose and a legal team.

If they say it isn't in the game, I take that as it isn't in the game.
        Do u believe Donald trump isn't racist too, just cuz he says so?
        How can anyone prove it isn’t in the game?
            Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who say it is in the game to prove it
                Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
The thing is why would they show evidence that its a thing? Shady as to hide it but it's probably the number 1 frustration in the fifa community and if they straight up admitted it there'd be outrage (even though most people already think it exists anyway)
    They admitted it was in the game a few years back.
        Where did they?
            few years ago now but it was called "momentum" plus anyone who actually plays FIFA knows they is something in the game that makes so it isn't based on skill.
                Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
                    Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
Okay, look for the post from Fuji720P in this sub. It’ll pop up if you search it in the bar, and if you don’t see the insane scripting/DDA there, you are either delusional or not experienced with FIFA
    I tried to search on mobile and nothing came up. I’ll try on PC later, or you can link the post if you’d like.
     Nope, had a look, can't see any DDA there proven
There is. Have a look thru reddit, some guy found pieces of code about adjusting difficulty etc
    I could find posts about the evidence that it is used offline, but not evidence that it is used in multiplayer/FUT. Do you have a link to a post with evidence that it is implemented online?
        Good luck with that. You'll be waiting a very long time for anything.
haha
People still can't link evidence.

They are literally using the post of somebody who played 3 fucking games and lost 1 as evidence of DDA. I cannot believe it.
    Yeah, I’m just patiently waiting for some evidence. Any minute now I’m sure...
        Same here. I've asked since yesterday and so far have got:

Theres a lawsuit which means it is in the game
Some body called Fuji had a video where you can see it
A guy did an experiment with 3 games and lost 1 but confirmed it is in the game
Theres a patent which mentions fifa nowhere 

I'm not saying it isn't online, but people say it is yet cannot provide a shred of evidence. If they do I'll admit I'm wrong.
        We're still waiting for evidence that isn't :

A video from Fuji
A video from a 3 game experiment
A patent that had absolutely zero mention of Fifa
Some shoddy code that hae been proven for 4 years to be offline
EA being sued

ThE EvIdEnCe Is ThErE DdA CoFiRmEd
That isn't proof though. There isn't anywhere to see in that video that DDA happens
    Come on man that’s just insane, literally every second in that vid is DDA/Scripting to the fullest extent. 

Turn it around, when you suddenly roll over someone with 4-0, every skill you pull off is smooth and your passes just don’t get intercepted, you really think you are suddenly that good or your opponent is suddenly that stupid?

It’s too obvious, DDA exists
        Videos aren't proof. They're anecdotes. They don't show passes, shot power, code etc.

If I am losing 4-0 I just give up tbh.
            There were videos on YT from previous Fifa when people couldn't score on open goal from 2 meters with players having great finishing and replays contained direction of shots and power. In Fifa21 you can see new feature of defenders twisting thier ankles in funny way just to not block a shot. You can call them bugs and coincidences but for me it's too obvious to play this addictive piece of shit game anymore.
                Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
                    There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
Thanks!
Difficulty*
Fair enough, I just use my Bergkamp, who has 3 or 4 less pens, but higher power, or if not, a normal runup
    I hate pogba run up. That bitch killin me
RIP
Just green it
    easier said than done
It doesn't get bigger for me.
Need to Green time it
    Sometimes the bar doesn't appear though, then I miss it
        The bar doesn’t appear for me, you have to press when your foot hits the floor
        You don't need the bar, just press shoot button when the player Strikes the ball (or is about to, since there's a little delay in it sometimes)
start slightly left, aim right, start central and move to left or right, aim bottom corner and green time, put it above the keepers head, maybe not straight down the middle, basically, not taking a penalty in the same way every time
    I don’t play the same opponent twice so there is no need to change my target at all. All you are describing here is fine. Even better if you have a lot of time after pressing shoot until you hit the ball so you can exactly aim at this bottom corner and green time it. So what is the drawback of using neymar?
        I guess in shootouts, but it just feels like every penalty he takes gets saved
            In a shootout i shoot at different targets, but that has nothing to do with Neymar. Penalties are almost a game of 66-33 % for taker - goalie. Even though you might have the feeling every shot gets saved, it‘s probably not the case. definitely not the case for me at least.
                Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
95 short passing 

**opponent team presses**

43 short passing 0 \* weakfoot
    Either that or when you put a small amount of power into a pass they’ll rocket that shit and if you put a lot of power the shit goes about 10 yards short of the intended player
Ye they need to fix it, the man marking is fine but it makes no sense 90 + composure players should crumble and become bronzes. Team press has been like this for soooo long
I don’t celebrate and wish others wouldn’t but it’s purely because of time.
    [deleted]
        On Xbox it’s LB+RB I’m assuming PS L1+R1
    [deleted]
        You drive a early to mid 2000s sedan with a spoiler don’t you
Not really, it’s more so because a Fifa game is long enough as it is and some of us actually have things outside of Fifa to do...
[deleted]
    Yes of course I play. 

No I don't give a fuck if somebody celebrates.
        [deleted]
            Where did I say I hated EA? You just pulling that out your arsehole.
Some of us don’t have more than a hour to play, celebrations are frustrating and take time.
    Nor do I but I just deal with it and shrug it off
Dont you understand man? If we waste 10 seconds of someone’s time playing a video game, we might as well book our tickets to hell
    What amusement do you even get out of your virtual player dabbing? Just skip it please.
        I mean, I scored a goal? What amusement do you even get out of playing FIFA? For me, it’s playing football when I otherwise cant. And so I’ll celebrate when I score a goal I’m proud of.
            I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function. I would have no problems with celebrations if they were short and unprovocative, instead they’re in the game to appeal to children and are abused by childish adults who enjoy pissing people off.
                >I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
                    No that would be your life.
Where is the proof then?
Seems like I was right all along. DDA and scripting has been proven to not exist
    Firstly, wow, how sad are you to message everyone directly from messages months ago.

Secondly, nothing has been proven. The only proof is "EA says it doesn't exist" and a few people were invited to EA and dropped the case. That is not proof.
Yes and it isn't DDA. Its a combination of many factors.

Being "obvious" doesn't mean proof.
You are wrong  .ea has proven it now. You must feel embarrassed
    i stopped playing the game a while ago, glad i did, shit gets me raged to no bound
Well people are proving it if you read that Reddit post. The amount of times your players suddenly play like shit after dominating the first half and the other team suddenly passing like Pirlo, defending as Maldini and shooting as Ronaldo is way too big to be a coincidence (or the other way around). Surely if you play online you have experienced it too
    No they aren't. That isnt proof.

Do you know the difference between proof and anecdotes?
        And how would you prove it then? Just ask EA for their coding?
            Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who claims it exists
            That's literally what happened and they proven it isn't a thing. Git gud
[https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175](https://www.bundesliga.com/en/bundesliga/news/serge-gnabry-explains-james-harden-cooking-celebration-bayern-munich-5175)
    That’s awesome to learn
First of all, that takes a lot of time and honestly, my job/career is way more important than wasting time on trading. If you’re a casual like me and only play the weekend league games it’s not that easy as it seems. You also need a lot of pack luck to get some coins, if it were that easy to get certain players then everyone would play with Neymar instead of Dembele on the left. So, the conclusion is still the same, rich people who can afford Neymar.
    I'm also a casual player. I don't even play weekend league, mostly just play objectives. I've had several weeks where I didn't even get rivals rewards because I hadn't played at all.

I also have a job 😉
But it was only supposed to be one additional minute and they had it in their own half at +1:30
    But but but it's called minimum time
Headed corner
What? How is that possible? You mean EA code it so players choke?
    You ever notice how when your opponent turns on team press, your players seem to push forward slightly while your opponents manage to stay in front of them basically cutting out every single passing option?
        It’s so broken and stupid. Another reason on the list to hate EA. I can’t pass to a single person because they are literally all marked and making no effort to get open. So I’m left to punt it up  field that may or may not go short and lead to another counter attack somehow. Seems to happen most often when I’m leading
            Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
        Yes that's changing the tactics
            There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
                That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
    You must be new to FIFA, ofc it is. You really believe that a guy who has one goal in 60 minutes manages to find the goal 4 more times in the remaining 30 to beat his opponent with no help whatsoever? You think the guy that was leading all of a sudden forgot how to defend?
        [deleted]
            EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
                LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
        What does elapsed time have to do with it..not every big lead is to do with there being a gap in levels between players. Sometimes you just start slow, either do to lack of focus or maybe a tactical shortfall with your custom setup vs that of the opposition, and a lot of times when you snap into it early enough and make the right changes, perhaps coupled with the opponent thinking he's home and hosed...you know...there can be a natural swing in final result. Also smart players know to have some mives up their sleve for the final strech of the game.
Think you played me I was 5-2 up and lost in extra time
>Apparently its something people say happens when they lose.

Yeah, it is, but at the same time nobody who plays this game half seriously for a long time doesn't believe it exists, in all modes of play. It's just a thing you gotta deal with. The topic has become more prominent since FUT got more sweaty and people excreting more salt with it.

We know it exists in SP - nobody argues that, but when the same shit happens online you're not allowed to speak on it? Why the fuck do people find it so hard to disbelieve the most degenerate, exploitative corp in gaming when they deny it?

Fucking 5+ years ago it wasn't even a debate - it was taken for granted. People lived with it because it's not making you lose, it's just giving a losing opponent an extra leg up - the better player still wins in the end, that's facts, and some people can't deal with it, so they blame DDA. But it just fucking is - I play 2-300 games with a player and you think I can't know how fast that fuck runs, and when he's getting randomly nerfed? Stop it with that, you're in denial. I never blame my Ls on momentum (/whatever you want to call it), but I ain't gonna entertain any nay-saying on it.
    I've played since FIFA 12 and up until this year I've played loads and been an high elite player. Nepenthez is probably up in the top 100 of hours spent on FIFA lifetime and he doesn't either. I actually reckon more people don't think it is than do.

It might be in the game but I highly doubt it and there's nothing more than circumstantial evidence to support the claim that it's in there, so you can leave the 'nobody who plays this game half seriously doesn't believe it exists' out.
    I get you but if it's been admitted to offline and people believe it, then why not believe it when they say it isn't online?

And then why do we play a game that seems to be against us and screw us over?
        It was admitted because the code for it was found, it wasn’t a “hey, we do this” but an “Oh shit. Look, that’s only for single player offline. We swear!”
Oh thanks man
Literally do 5 minutes of research before messaging
    I've done loads.
Cant find anything anywhere.
People downvoting... All I'm asking is to show me where specifically it says this is in Fifa please. Not hard seeing as people are so convinced it exists.
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/jy9blt/how_to_abuse_momentumscripting_and_detilt/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
    Come on man give me a break. 

Yeah that isn't proof at all and is complete irrelevant. Not even the same thing. And is one of the most laughable things I've seen. 

Also that guy played 3 games and lost 1. How can you say that is proof of DDA? Because 1 guy played 3 games with no evidence? 

Have you tried it? Why do more people not do this and go 30-0 then?
        1. It's data mined code 2. They have a patent on it you dumbfuck. Literally takes 30 seconds to Google. https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170259177A1/en
            Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
                You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
            What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
    Still can't believe this was used as a way to proove DDA

It's confirmed lads. We have the proof
People downvoting..... All I'm asking is for you to show me where it says specifically it is in Fifa online. It shouldn't be too hard seeing you're adamant it exists in Fifa. Nobody had provided a single bit of evidence so far about it.
It was found regardless of their wishes, they just had to come with some reply after
That you can understand
There is DDA in offline mode like career mode to make it more interesting and so you dont smash your opponents every game if you're good. Not on online modes though. People can't seem to hold a lead here so they get crazy and assume its the game going against them.
    I always record my games and if I get tilted look back and see what I did wrong to try improve

Mostly its my fault
        Exactly man at least you can see and admit when the fault is yours
            Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
                That isn't proof of DDA.
    Mystery ball is full of it and shows they can adjust online games whenever they feel like it.

In WL though it's like the opponent turning on constant pressure and your team going to bits because of it. That's not DDA, that's just shitty gameplay mechanics.
    Because EA have never lied to their fan base before... 🙄
        They have a legal time who would advise them. They would be stupid to lie about something like this.
            It's not against the law to lie
                If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
    What about when you win 3 tackles in a row but they still bobble through and score. Or when a player you're not even controlling gives away a pen during a corner. How about when your defenders literally stand still while the whole attack comes piling through or when you physically can't change player no matter how much you batter LB. It exists.
        Shitty
Coding
And
Shitty
Mechanics
        The L1 player change not giving you who you want has been in fifa since the beginning. The answer is to use the right stick player change. It’s tricky to get used to but means you avoid that issue!
            I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
WOW......
I don’t get it. Probably the same people being toxic on the game, I guess. 

If evidence existed, I’d love to see it, but no one ever has any. Best I’ve seen is, “bro I was winning and then you could just tell.” I wouldn’t put it past EA to manipulate matchmaking (more likely) or gameplay to incentivize increased pack purchases. Activision has patents for their specific “SBMM” (a little more complex than just skill based) in Call of Duty to increase revenue. But I haven’t seen nearly that level of proof for EA.
    Yep exactly. We know there is a "patent" which is used because they think its evidence. But that isn't evidence at all as its been proven to only be offline

"buT ThEy WoUlDnT Do A PaTeNt WiThOuT UsInG It"....

Umm that happens all the time to stop competitors doing it.

There is no proof. Saying "my players stopped when I was winning" isn't proof. That's anecdotal. The fucking funniest one was the guy who was doing a 3 game experiment who was an Elite player and said if you give the opponent the ball for the first half and have no possession, the 2nd half you will automatically win (even though he lost 1 fucking game).People actually believed that was true!!!!
        That’s hilarious. What a great scientific experiment!
            The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
        Have u actually played this game? Explain to me how Messi can feel great one match, then feels like Harry maguire trying to dribble in the next? Or how a player can take an age to shoot or pass the ball when they don't normally? It's blatently obviously they are altering things
            Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
                 Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
EA literally has a patent on it, just google it
    I did and it never mentioned Fifa or online.

So Where's the proof?
They would not lie about something so easy to find out and fuck them over as they clearly like any public company have too much to lose and a legal team.

If they say it isn't in the game, I take that as it isn't in the game.
    Do u believe Donald trump isn't racist too, just cuz he says so?
    How can anyone prove it isn’t in the game?
        Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who say it is in the game to prove it
            Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
They admitted it was in the game a few years back.
    Where did they?
        few years ago now but it was called "momentum" plus anyone who actually plays FIFA knows they is something in the game that makes so it isn't based on skill.
            Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
                Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
I tried to search on mobile and nothing came up. I’ll try on PC later, or you can link the post if you’d like.
 Nope, had a look, can't see any DDA there proven
I could find posts about the evidence that it is used offline, but not evidence that it is used in multiplayer/FUT. Do you have a link to a post with evidence that it is implemented online?
    Good luck with that. You'll be waiting a very long time for anything.
Yeah, I’m just patiently waiting for some evidence. Any minute now I’m sure...
    Same here. I've asked since yesterday and so far have got:

Theres a lawsuit which means it is in the game
Some body called Fuji had a video where you can see it
A guy did an experiment with 3 games and lost 1 but confirmed it is in the game
Theres a patent which mentions fifa nowhere 

I'm not saying it isn't online, but people say it is yet cannot provide a shred of evidence. If they do I'll admit I'm wrong.
    We're still waiting for evidence that isn't :

A video from Fuji
A video from a 3 game experiment
A patent that had absolutely zero mention of Fifa
Some shoddy code that hae been proven for 4 years to be offline
EA being sued

ThE EvIdEnCe Is ThErE DdA CoFiRmEd
Come on man that’s just insane, literally every second in that vid is DDA/Scripting to the fullest extent. 

Turn it around, when you suddenly roll over someone with 4-0, every skill you pull off is smooth and your passes just don’t get intercepted, you really think you are suddenly that good or your opponent is suddenly that stupid?

It’s too obvious, DDA exists
    Videos aren't proof. They're anecdotes. They don't show passes, shot power, code etc.

If I am losing 4-0 I just give up tbh.
        There were videos on YT from previous Fifa when people couldn't score on open goal from 2 meters with players having great finishing and replays contained direction of shots and power. In Fifa21 you can see new feature of defenders twisting thier ankles in funny way just to not block a shot. You can call them bugs and coincidences but for me it's too obvious to play this addictive piece of shit game anymore.
            Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
                There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
I hate pogba run up. That bitch killin me
easier said than done
Sometimes the bar doesn't appear though, then I miss it
    The bar doesn’t appear for me, you have to press when your foot hits the floor
    You don't need the bar, just press shoot button when the player Strikes the ball (or is about to, since there's a little delay in it sometimes)
I don’t play the same opponent twice so there is no need to change my target at all. All you are describing here is fine. Even better if you have a lot of time after pressing shoot until you hit the ball so you can exactly aim at this bottom corner and green time it. So what is the drawback of using neymar?
    I guess in shootouts, but it just feels like every penalty he takes gets saved
        In a shootout i shoot at different targets, but that has nothing to do with Neymar. Penalties are almost a game of 66-33 % for taker - goalie. Even though you might have the feeling every shot gets saved, it‘s probably not the case. definitely not the case for me at least.
            Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
Either that or when you put a small amount of power into a pass they’ll rocket that shit and if you put a lot of power the shit goes about 10 yards short of the intended player
[deleted]
    On Xbox it’s LB+RB I’m assuming PS L1+R1
[deleted]
    You drive a early to mid 2000s sedan with a spoiler don’t you
Yes of course I play. 

No I don't give a fuck if somebody celebrates.
    [deleted]
        Where did I say I hated EA? You just pulling that out your arsehole.
Nor do I but I just deal with it and shrug it off
What amusement do you even get out of your virtual player dabbing? Just skip it please.
    I mean, I scored a goal? What amusement do you even get out of playing FIFA? For me, it’s playing football when I otherwise cant. And so I’ll celebrate when I score a goal I’m proud of.
        I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function. I would have no problems with celebrations if they were short and unprovocative, instead they’re in the game to appeal to children and are abused by childish adults who enjoy pissing people off.
            >I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
                No that would be your life.
Firstly, wow, how sad are you to message everyone directly from messages months ago.

Secondly, nothing has been proven. The only proof is "EA says it doesn't exist" and a few people were invited to EA and dropped the case. That is not proof.
i stopped playing the game a while ago, glad i did, shit gets me raged to no bound
No they aren't. That isnt proof.

Do you know the difference between proof and anecdotes?
    And how would you prove it then? Just ask EA for their coding?
        Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who claims it exists
        That's literally what happened and they proven it isn't a thing. Git gud
That’s awesome to learn
I'm also a casual player. I don't even play weekend league, mostly just play objectives. I've had several weeks where I didn't even get rivals rewards because I hadn't played at all.

I also have a job 😉
But but but it's called minimum time
You ever notice how when your opponent turns on team press, your players seem to push forward slightly while your opponents manage to stay in front of them basically cutting out every single passing option?
    It’s so broken and stupid. Another reason on the list to hate EA. I can’t pass to a single person because they are literally all marked and making no effort to get open. So I’m left to punt it up  field that may or may not go short and lead to another counter attack somehow. Seems to happen most often when I’m leading
        Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
    Yes that's changing the tactics
        There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
            That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
You must be new to FIFA, ofc it is. You really believe that a guy who has one goal in 60 minutes manages to find the goal 4 more times in the remaining 30 to beat his opponent with no help whatsoever? You think the guy that was leading all of a sudden forgot how to defend?
    [deleted]
        EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
            LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
    What does elapsed time have to do with it..not every big lead is to do with there being a gap in levels between players. Sometimes you just start slow, either do to lack of focus or maybe a tactical shortfall with your custom setup vs that of the opposition, and a lot of times when you snap into it early enough and make the right changes, perhaps coupled with the opponent thinking he's home and hosed...you know...there can be a natural swing in final result. Also smart players know to have some mives up their sleve for the final strech of the game.
I've played since FIFA 12 and up until this year I've played loads and been an high elite player. Nepenthez is probably up in the top 100 of hours spent on FIFA lifetime and he doesn't either. I actually reckon more people don't think it is than do.

It might be in the game but I highly doubt it and there's nothing more than circumstantial evidence to support the claim that it's in there, so you can leave the 'nobody who plays this game half seriously doesn't believe it exists' out.
I get you but if it's been admitted to offline and people believe it, then why not believe it when they say it isn't online?

And then why do we play a game that seems to be against us and screw us over?
    It was admitted because the code for it was found, it wasn’t a “hey, we do this” but an “Oh shit. Look, that’s only for single player offline. We swear!”
I've done loads.
Cant find anything anywhere.
Come on man give me a break. 

Yeah that isn't proof at all and is complete irrelevant. Not even the same thing. And is one of the most laughable things I've seen. 

Also that guy played 3 games and lost 1. How can you say that is proof of DDA? Because 1 guy played 3 games with no evidence? 

Have you tried it? Why do more people not do this and go 30-0 then?
    1. It's data mined code 2. They have a patent on it you dumbfuck. Literally takes 30 seconds to Google. https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170259177A1/en
        Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
            You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
        What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
Still can't believe this was used as a way to proove DDA

It's confirmed lads. We have the proof
I always record my games and if I get tilted look back and see what I did wrong to try improve

Mostly its my fault
    Exactly man at least you can see and admit when the fault is yours
        Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
            That isn't proof of DDA.
Mystery ball is full of it and shows they can adjust online games whenever they feel like it.

In WL though it's like the opponent turning on constant pressure and your team going to bits because of it. That's not DDA, that's just shitty gameplay mechanics.
Because EA have never lied to their fan base before... 🙄
    They have a legal time who would advise them. They would be stupid to lie about something like this.
        It's not against the law to lie
            If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
What about when you win 3 tackles in a row but they still bobble through and score. Or when a player you're not even controlling gives away a pen during a corner. How about when your defenders literally stand still while the whole attack comes piling through or when you physically can't change player no matter how much you batter LB. It exists.
    Shitty
Coding
And
Shitty
Mechanics
    The L1 player change not giving you who you want has been in fifa since the beginning. The answer is to use the right stick player change. It’s tricky to get used to but means you avoid that issue!
        I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
Yep exactly. We know there is a "patent" which is used because they think its evidence. But that isn't evidence at all as its been proven to only be offline

"buT ThEy WoUlDnT Do A PaTeNt WiThOuT UsInG It"....

Umm that happens all the time to stop competitors doing it.

There is no proof. Saying "my players stopped when I was winning" isn't proof. That's anecdotal. The fucking funniest one was the guy who was doing a 3 game experiment who was an Elite player and said if you give the opponent the ball for the first half and have no possession, the 2nd half you will automatically win (even though he lost 1 fucking game).People actually believed that was true!!!!
    That’s hilarious. What a great scientific experiment!
        The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
    Have u actually played this game? Explain to me how Messi can feel great one match, then feels like Harry maguire trying to dribble in the next? Or how a player can take an age to shoot or pass the ball when they don't normally? It's blatently obviously they are altering things
        Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
             Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
I did and it never mentioned Fifa or online.

So Where's the proof?
Do u believe Donald trump isn't racist too, just cuz he says so?
How can anyone prove it isn’t in the game?
    Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who say it is in the game to prove it
        Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
Where did they?
    few years ago now but it was called "momentum" plus anyone who actually plays FIFA knows they is something in the game that makes so it isn't based on skill.
        Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
            Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
Good luck with that. You'll be waiting a very long time for anything.
Same here. I've asked since yesterday and so far have got:

Theres a lawsuit which means it is in the game
Some body called Fuji had a video where you can see it
A guy did an experiment with 3 games and lost 1 but confirmed it is in the game
Theres a patent which mentions fifa nowhere 

I'm not saying it isn't online, but people say it is yet cannot provide a shred of evidence. If they do I'll admit I'm wrong.
We're still waiting for evidence that isn't :

A video from Fuji
A video from a 3 game experiment
A patent that had absolutely zero mention of Fifa
Some shoddy code that hae been proven for 4 years to be offline
EA being sued

ThE EvIdEnCe Is ThErE DdA CoFiRmEd
Videos aren't proof. They're anecdotes. They don't show passes, shot power, code etc.

If I am losing 4-0 I just give up tbh.
    There were videos on YT from previous Fifa when people couldn't score on open goal from 2 meters with players having great finishing and replays contained direction of shots and power. In Fifa21 you can see new feature of defenders twisting thier ankles in funny way just to not block a shot. You can call them bugs and coincidences but for me it's too obvious to play this addictive piece of shit game anymore.
        Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
            There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
The bar doesn’t appear for me, you have to press when your foot hits the floor
You don't need the bar, just press shoot button when the player Strikes the ball (or is about to, since there's a little delay in it sometimes)
I guess in shootouts, but it just feels like every penalty he takes gets saved
    In a shootout i shoot at different targets, but that has nothing to do with Neymar. Penalties are almost a game of 66-33 % for taker - goalie. Even though you might have the feeling every shot gets saved, it‘s probably not the case. definitely not the case for me at least.
        Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
On Xbox it’s LB+RB I’m assuming PS L1+R1
You drive a early to mid 2000s sedan with a spoiler don’t you
[deleted]
    Where did I say I hated EA? You just pulling that out your arsehole.
I mean, I scored a goal? What amusement do you even get out of playing FIFA? For me, it’s playing football when I otherwise cant. And so I’ll celebrate when I score a goal I’m proud of.
    I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function. I would have no problems with celebrations if they were short and unprovocative, instead they’re in the game to appeal to children and are abused by childish adults who enjoy pissing people off.
        >I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
            No that would be your life.
And how would you prove it then? Just ask EA for their coding?
    Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who claims it exists
    That's literally what happened and they proven it isn't a thing. Git gud
It’s so broken and stupid. Another reason on the list to hate EA. I can’t pass to a single person because they are literally all marked and making no effort to get open. So I’m left to punt it up  field that may or may not go short and lead to another counter attack somehow. Seems to happen most often when I’m leading
    Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
Yes that's changing the tactics
    There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
        That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
[deleted]
    EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
        LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
What does elapsed time have to do with it..not every big lead is to do with there being a gap in levels between players. Sometimes you just start slow, either do to lack of focus or maybe a tactical shortfall with your custom setup vs that of the opposition, and a lot of times when you snap into it early enough and make the right changes, perhaps coupled with the opponent thinking he's home and hosed...you know...there can be a natural swing in final result. Also smart players know to have some mives up their sleve for the final strech of the game.
It was admitted because the code for it was found, it wasn’t a “hey, we do this” but an “Oh shit. Look, that’s only for single player offline. We swear!”
1. It's data mined code 2. They have a patent on it you dumbfuck. Literally takes 30 seconds to Google. https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170259177A1/en
    Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
        You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
    What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
Exactly man at least you can see and admit when the fault is yours
    Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
        That isn't proof of DDA.
They have a legal time who would advise them. They would be stupid to lie about something like this.
    It's not against the law to lie
        If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
Shitty
Coding
And
Shitty
Mechanics
The L1 player change not giving you who you want has been in fifa since the beginning. The answer is to use the right stick player change. It’s tricky to get used to but means you avoid that issue!
    I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
That’s hilarious. What a great scientific experiment!
    The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
Have u actually played this game? Explain to me how Messi can feel great one match, then feels like Harry maguire trying to dribble in the next? Or how a player can take an age to shoot or pass the ball when they don't normally? It's blatently obviously they are altering things
    Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
         Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who say it is in the game to prove it
    Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
few years ago now but it was called "momentum" plus anyone who actually plays FIFA knows they is something in the game that makes so it isn't based on skill.
    Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
        Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
There were videos on YT from previous Fifa when people couldn't score on open goal from 2 meters with players having great finishing and replays contained direction of shots and power. In Fifa21 you can see new feature of defenders twisting thier ankles in funny way just to not block a shot. You can call them bugs and coincidences but for me it's too obvious to play this addictive piece of shit game anymore.
    Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
        There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
In a shootout i shoot at different targets, but that has nothing to do with Neymar. Penalties are almost a game of 66-33 % for taker - goalie. Even though you might have the feeling every shot gets saved, it‘s probably not the case. definitely not the case for me at least.
    Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
Where did I say I hated EA? You just pulling that out your arsehole.
I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function. I would have no problems with celebrations if they were short and unprovocative, instead they’re in the game to appeal to children and are abused by childish adults who enjoy pissing people off.
    >I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
        No that would be your life.
Don't know but the burden of proof is on people who claims it exists
That's literally what happened and they proven it isn't a thing. Git gud
Yeah best thing to do is have a narrow formation on hand and play a 1-2 pass, usually your passer will be able to break through and you can lob a through ball to him.
There's no offensive tactic that counters that. It's broken.
    That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
EA is actually getting sued for not being transparent about in game events like scripting to entice already good players to buy packs when they otherwise wouldn’t be motivated to do so.
    LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
Show me where the patent mentions fifa and online?

Patents mean jack shit. Companies don't have to use patents and if they do, BY LAW, they need to say specifically what for and where ie what game. I know this because I work in that field. 

Dumb fuck.
    You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
What do you mean its data mined?

He played 3 fucking games! Why don't everybody do it and go 30-0 then?
Just look up a post in this sub about Fuji720P. That’s literally all you need, after that you are just making excuses
    That isn't proof of DDA.
It's not against the law to lie
    If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
I use both, it's just an example of the bullshit. This is the first FIFA I've played in a few years and I actually quite like it but the scripting is ABSURD when compared to what I remember, and it was pretty evident back then too.
The joke is people believed it because he won from 2 - 0 down

If you are elite chances are you would have won anyway
Connection/button delay/lag comp, RNG, poor game mechanics, perspective/bias (e.g. not noticing when these things go against your opponent too), quality of opponent, opponents tactics/formation or change of tactics/formation, etc.
     Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
Same as how EA said using bronze bench players to lower your squad rating doesn’t make any difference yet EA employees still use that method?
Momentum? Where is that please, never heard of it.
    Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
Where are those videos? 

But again that isn't proof of DDA. I've done that where I've hit it way overpowered, or wrong direction.

Defenders twisting their ankles is literally awful coding and bugs.
    There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
Maybe it’s a mentality thing, but I’d say he has scored 1 at most, from maybe 20
>I’m glad you find enjoyment in a useless time consuming function

You just described FIFA.
    No that would be your life.
That isn't DDA. just terrible EA code and balancing.
LOLOLOLOLOL anybody can sue anybody tbh about anything. That don't mean shit about DDA or scripting.
You have trouble with reading comprehension. I said it's confirmed to be in fifa... Not confirmed to be in online fifa. And then said the only thing "proof" that it isn't online is EA telling us that. 

But if you read the patent, because I have, it says nothing about being offline only. And it goes through how money spent on the game is one of the factors which affects the rewards you get... And you can only spend money in online FIFA.

But I didn't expect you to read the patent because you've been having trouble with reading all day.
That isn't proof of DDA.
If you're a public company, yes. Yes it is.

You obviously have literally zero clue.
 Not too sure what 'delay' is when people refer to it but I've always got around an 18 ping and connection is always good.

Quality of opponents/formation/tactics etc has zero to do with how Messi feels dribbling unopposed in his own half.

Poor game mechanics it is then. Definition of:

 "game mechanics are the rules that guide the player's moves or actions, as well as the game's response to them. A game's mechanics thus effectively specifies how the game will work for the people who play it"

Sounds alot like dda could be included in game mechanics.

It's just so clear ea all all about profits and will do anything to maximise it (fair enough). They swear blind pack weights are based on card ratings but we all know its completely not the case and it's based on card value. Has there ever been a more plausible argument that ea are fucking with the game to try and make more money?!
Ahahahaha how long you been playing FIFA? as if you never heard of it. 

https://www.dreamteamfc.com/c/gaming/198463/fifa-18-momentum/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/5kgnfi/i_found_mention_of_momentum_in_fifa_17_game_code/
There are dozens of examples on youtube, just search for fifa scripting. Awful coding always happens in 45' or 90' somehow. You could justify everything like that. When you play game for some time sometimes you just feel when it kicks in and you cannot disposses opponent even doing the right tackle that should've work, but the ball bounces back to the opponent like 3 times in a row. Sure, you can call it a bug but after playing hundreds of game there is noticable pattern. You can deny it, you can say that is no proof and in fact there is no way to prove it unless you find part of the code which directly indicates that. Packs are rigged and it's also obvious and also there is no proof. If you don't believe that it's due to EA trying to make inactive players play more then I don't think we can come to any conclusion. But assuming you believe in packs being rigged think about it that way - when you play friendly you can change yourself sliders defining sort of what people accuse DDA of - inacurracy of passing, shooting and so on. So would that really be that unlikely that hidden sliders with features like those which are ALREADY IMPLEMENTED in game are adjusted to make match more even?
No that would be your life.
