[[as much as i love all the other characters, anyone else miss when it was just these 3 and the cat]]





As much as I love the full phantom thieves, the Kamoshida arc just had a different vibe to it compared to the other ones.
    I think it's that underdog "we don't know if we're going to succeed" feeling. 


I always forget how grim the beginning of 5 is when the first couple hours is "everyone hates you, crime boy" and then all of the sudden you're in this race against time to use your new and mysterious abilities to *hopefully* make it out alright. No Phan site, no confidants saying "I know you're a Phantom Thief and it's cool with me," Sojiro's still callous af and going back to LeBlanc at night isn't good vibes yet, ect. 

Then when Kamoshida goes down you guys go to a buffet, officially name the Phantom Thieves, live it up and it's pretty much good times from then on, knowing you can win each time until the end of Okumura's palace. Then things get uncertain and personal again with the recent death, Sae being the new Palace owner, Akechi blackmailing you into breaking up the Phantom Thieves and the looming return of the intro Casino scene.
    yeah definitely, only the new royal arc and the casino maybe is better than it i think
        Yeah the final arc of Royal is my favorite arc in Persona 5 and one of my favorite arcs in all of persona for a number of reasons. But the Kamoshida arc is just, different, then the others.
    You can tell that's where most of the dev time went to lol, they probably had to speed it up for later dungeons
    Yeah, it's for sure one of my favorite parts of the game. On my first playthrough I didn't really like Yusuke at first because he seemed like he was getting in the way of a really good dynamic between the core four. I would have liked a whole season of an anime (heh Ann-ime) that was just the four of them before you start bringing in more.
I kind of agree. They’re the rejects of the school, which gives them a more underdog kind of feeling.
    While not underdogs, weren't all the PTs rejects in some way?

Haru in that she didn't have real friends and was kept at arm's length because of who her family was, like the other person that replied said, Makoto didn't have many friends (highlighted in her social link, iirc?) and was considered a stuck up teacher's pet, Futaba is Futaba, and Yosuke is too eccentric and focused to have friends, regardless of if he could or not.

They're all a bunch of weirdos who didn't have a place in the social ladder until they met each other, tbh.
        Well, why should someone have a strong power of rebellion in their heart if their life was easy?
    >They’re the rejects of the school

Well, I consider Haru a school reject too. **Here me out**, Haru wasn't visibly a reject, because of her family's status she never was able to have true friends. She even states this in her social link that making friends were difficult because they only wanted her father's approval or money. Then her father tried to use her as a pawn and marry her off to Sugimura (prob misspelled but he's a dick so idc). 

I really relate to this. My father paid people to be around me. While I wasn't set up in an arranged marriage like Haru, if my father had the chance to ship me off I believe he would in a heartbeat. I never had true friends until later on in life, mainly after I stopped talking to my father. I'm nothing like Haru personality wise (she's a cinnamon roll), but I know what it feels like to be an expendable pawn in someone else's game of chess.
While I do miss those times, I DEFINITELY would not want Makoto, Futaba, Yusuke and Haru to just up and leave the team. I'm happy with them being the way they are now :)
    Should I do my first play through on the original or royal?
        Royal is just a extremely better version than the original so u can easily start with that
            Okay cool thanks guys
                Ur welcome
        Royal is just the base game with more content, def play royal
        Definitely Royal. There’s nothing the original has that Royal doesn’t (except maybe the better Takemi VA but I can live with Abby Trott)
        If you're planning on doing both at some point then original first
            Idk why you’re being downvoted, you’re not wrong. Playing Royal and then the original would probably ruin the original for you. That being said, there’s no real reason to play the original now that Royal is out and on sale frequently
    :)
The more personal threat Komoshida represented, plus the way the rest of the school population was set up against you really helped foster that team dynamic. As the story progresses I honestly kinda miss the being the crazy transfer student.
    It felt like they let people in the circle too easily after this.
        Well I mean it's not like they're all fighting for same reason, everyone else after getting their personas knew about them being the Phantom Thieves so might as well bring them along
            And it’s not as if any new member was brought along with the idea “oh this will be a new member of our team.” They were basically all blackmailing the PT, stumbled into the meta verse, and then discovered their own personas.
    You do still be treated like a delinquent transfer student but the latest gossip surrounding us does settle down as there's new things for these kids to talk about given the events of the game.
This is why I wish the game has some small filler dungeons or parts of dungeons where the group would become separated so you could only play with certain members of your team
    They actually somewhat did this in strikers
    everyone was available if you just called them and it was weird. 

back in p3, some of the party members can and did go out and do their own thing every now and then, that was pretty cool imo
        I heard they also got tired during the explorations and if you didn’t swap them out or leave, they wouldn’t able to be used for a couple days
            they do, but that was removed in p3p
                They wouldn't be unavailable in P3P unless it was because fatigue.
            The fatigue mechanic. Even the player could get sick and too tired to do Tartaraus.
                I personally think the fatigue mechanic  and some characters having other things to do, while it was annoying, should’ve stayed. it made the characters feel more real
    You know. The Legend of heroes games are doing this and the group dynamic is one thing which I found surprisingly good in these games, sometimes way better than in Persona.

It all comes down to that the protagonist is not an half assed self insert char and has its own arc and flaws and the group never depended on the MC in the first place, unlike joker.

One thing I wish ATLUS would change in P6. Give us a team which has its own dynamic and doesn't suck MC's balls all the time, slowly its getting tedious..
        That's probably going to be hard given how the NEO Hashino Era games emphasis on forming social network bonds to which, my friends are my power for the protagonist and they are established as "leader".

If you're looking for a Persona MC with their own story and flaws then Persona 2's Tatsuya and Maya is the way to go as to this day IMO they are arguably the best protagonists of the series period.
    But wouldn't that frustrate some players who had specific set ups in their party composition only to be screwed up by the characters being separated?
The problem is pretty obvious as Futaba is your Navi and Makoto and Morgana are supposed to be the mouthpiece for Joker.

The result is that for the rest of the game post August it's mostly those three speaking
Yeah, I love everyone else and all, but I think the team might've been at its best during the Madarame arc. Everyone got to shine, no one was overshadowed/in the background, and idk, it was just a good team dynamic back then, similar to the good team dynamic in Kamoshida's Palace :'D
    Baffles me every time when the game suddenly paints that before Makoto joined "the Thieves never made any plans". 

Like bruh, they managed to form a pretty good plan in stealing the Madarame treasure.
        Exactly! And okay, they *did* just go in and beat stuff up before the heist part, so I can understand to a degree. I'd have forgiven this assertion *if* after Makoto joined she helped us infiltrate another way and we started planning our routes more, but we don't, we just continue to bust in and beat stuff up and then not even concoct a heist plan to go along with it! Kaneshiro's Palace arguably had *less* planning than Madarame's did, but the game acts like that heist plan just hadn't happened.
            Yeah the only thing gameplay that changes is Makoto confidant ability of analysing enemies in battle. Which that role can easily be taken over by Morgana, Futaba or actually taken over by Akechi.
 I always felt that Joker and Skull were the original guard, you know? I mean, I know Panther joined the group very early on as well, but these two were always my A team.

 The entire group is held together by Joker. He's the leader and the trump card. But then who supports Joker? That is a decision that the player gets to make...

 But in saying that, who is truely by Joker's side more than Ryuji? These two were there from the beginning. They were there together in the beginning. It was these two and Mona that created the original mission against Kamoshida, but we know that Mona had his own agenda. Really, it was Joker and Skull's mission (and Panther's when she joined). And it has always been my opinion that these two characters compliment each other better than any of the others. They were exactly what they needed for each other.

 Joker's level headedness often works to cool Ryuji's headstrong personality. And Ryuji's fierce loyalty is exactly what Joker needed in a life where he found himself suddenly alone. More than anybody else, Ryuji would follow Joker through the gates of hell.

 My go-to Phantom Thieves team is always gonna be Joker and Ryuji (and Joker and Crow as a close second because their duality and weird frenemy relationship is always awesome).
    Ryuji is also just the strongest on the team aside from Joker. His HP, Strength, and Endurance are all in a class of their own. Makoto is versatile but her stat distribution isn’t as potent as Ryuji. Also not many can take a Charge + God Hand and live to tell the tale.
    Their bros and nothing will be stronger than that.

Ryuji was on my team for most the game as well I only swapped out to max everyone's levels otherwise I ran Joker,Ryuji,Makoto, and anyone else as the 4th depending on who would be most useful.
        >Their bros and nothing will be stronger than that.

\*tears welling up in my eyes as I redownload Royal for the hundredth time\*

I know... It's beautiful...
It frustrates me that Haru never once walked in on them on the roof
    Sorry I’m late, isn’t Haru moving her plants to the roof the first time you meet her? Before that she was gardening on the grounds. You help her set up the rooftop garden with the group.
        Technically yeah, but it's something they could've written in to integrate and introduce her to the audience more smoothly.
Yeah the Kamoshida arc definitely hit harder than all the others for me.

It might also be because of how much more realistic the entire situation is and how more relatable their reactions to it are? At least to me.
    All arcs were pretty realistic minus the supernatural. The Palace Rulers were partially inspired by real infamous Japanese people. 

The first arc is seen as "personal and realistic" moreso for the West as the arc itself hits hard for people regardless of nationality compared to the following arcs where it's more ingrained in Japanese culture and society to which doesn't always hook many Westerns fans.
        That sounds interesting, who were the rest of the Palace rulers based off?
i miss when it was these three and the cat because it felt like every member was improtnat and relevant in the story
Though I do like all the characters in p5, I generally prefer smaller casts. Just makes everyone seem closer.
    P2 had like 5 to 6 party members and that is including the guest party members.
I love this part of the game for that very reason. It makes me feel good how it's just the three of  them and a cat trying to change things. Especially how cool the vibe is on the rooftop. This pic is perfect. I can hear it.
Ya, they were a bit more edgy in those early days.
There’s something permanently binding about how they all bumbled through their new powers together to defeat a vile and personal threat.
For me, the first arc in P5 is my favourite one. Cause at that time, they had a reason to become Phantom Thieves. Joker had his reputation ruined because of Kamoshida, Ryuji had a broken leg because of Kamoshida, Ann almost lost her friend because of Kamoshida and Morgana was locked in Kamoshida's castle. That, along with Joker and Ryuji almost expelled gave them a reason to stop Kamoshida. After that I feel like they just added new enemies and new party members in the game to make it longer. Also, they were not doing it for a personal reason anymore, they did all the palaces because of the requests:
-Madarame Palace: Requests from Phan-site
-Kaneshiro Palace: Initially forced by Makoto to change Kaneshiro's heart.
-Futaba Palace: After Medjed threatened them, Futaba also threatened to expose them if they didn't change her heart.
-Okumura Palace: Request from Phan-site.
The last 2 palaces (excluding Mementos) also had a personal reason to be completed in my opinion:
-Nijima Palace: to prove their justice to society.
-Shido Palace: Stop the culprit who ruined Joker's life.

Don't get me wrong, i love the game so much, but I just love the Kamoshida arc. That was when they were fighting for a personal reason (to stop Kamoshida), rather than doing requests from the Phan-site.
Idk, my opinion.
    Good point, although I do believe the whole doing it for requests thing is all a big lead up to their overconfidence at the end of Okumura’s palace and how it backfired on them.
    The arcs afterwards were still pretty personal for those involved though. 
So I don’t know why you’re saying as if they weren’t doing it for personal reasons. 

Madarame arc wasn’t because of the Phan-site it was because we beat Nakanohara and he asked us to stop Madarame and save Yusuke.
As much as I love the whole Phantom Thieves, the OG trio (and the cat) will always have a special place in my heart
I'd say yusuke was welcomed but then it was kinda overwhelming
    Yusuke is never welcome. 

Love the voice actor. Dislike the character.

Edit: I have a separate response down further, but I just want to say the persona characters you like and connect with are valid. Every character is likeable. It's just a matter of personal preference.
        Why do you dislike him? (I'm not mad or anything, I'm just curious)
            Oh wow, that was a lot of quick downvotes. In games with ensemble casts, the whole point is that they are able to make lots of diverse characters, and not all of them will be liked by everyone. 

All of the characters in Persona 5 feel really well fleshed out. There basically isn't a single party member or confidant that feels two dimensional. 

That being said, I'm just not a fan of Yusuke. I feel like he's a good character, with a strong personality and everything. I just personally don't like him as much as the other party members.
                I don't mind you not being a fan of Yusuke, but I just gotta say stating that is a big difference and tonal shift from "Yusuke is never welcome." Makes it feel more like you're attacking the character then just saying "eh, not a fan." So I get why fans would respond negatively to that.
                    I totally get that. I didn't mean for it to sound quite so strongly against him. 

I just don't have him in my party like ever. I'm still glad he's in the game.
        I love Yusuke, and I respect your opinion, but damn all the downvotes? Nahhh
        People downvoting over opinion don't know what upvotes and downvotes are actually used for. I agree with you. Wasnt a fan of his character. He reminds me of that one friend we all have but dont really want around. We didnt invite him to our bowling party and he still showed up.
            Lol that's such a mood. 

But that's the power of good character development. Yusuke feels like someone you know in real life, and isn't just a 2d caricature.
                Yea definitely he has character depth and a decent story.

I still don't want him over for my birthday tho
                    Oh I'd invite him. 

I just wouldn't leave him alone with my sister.
                        "Hey uh...CAN I PAINT YOU NAKED"
When you have a lotta characters they tend not to have chemistry with each other outside of the main character. For instance everyone knew >!kasumi!< for some reason and automatically likes her and you just take it for granted.
    that’s the big issue with her she’s just wedged into the story. Too a certain extent many of the other thieves do, as all they do is just hang out with the protagonist and that’s all you know them for, doesn’t make them as interesting as they can be. With Ann and Ryuji, they’re at least friends before the story (or at least know each other) and they have good interactions. Unfortunately it’d take hundreds of hours to complete a game where every character felt natural and worked well with other characters.
"And the Cat"

Man, if Morgana could read, he'd be pissed.

:<
    Good.
I love the rest of the team, but I do agree that the first four had a special dynamic. You could easily write a separate story with just them and have it be good.
I think the reason the vibe changed was because makoto and futaba started dominating the dialog so much. Because makoto is basically the leader and futaba is the navigator it went from the original 4 bouncing ideas off each other to those two figuring out everything. It made them the most loved characters in the game but kinda sidelined Ann, Morgana and Joker to an extent
    I was so sad when the battle talking that happens when you do something cool changed from Morgana to Futaba
        Yeah, I feel that. I like how Futaba functions in the story, and she was crucial to actually linking Shido to everything, but what I loved about Persona 4 is they REALLY had to work everything out by hand. They had key evidence turn up organically and figured things out from there. I like Makoto and Futaba a lot, but they are used as plot devices a bit too much. Not too much of an issue, though, since the game had a different focus than 4, but I really didn't enjoy their brilliance just serving as a means for Ryuji or Ann to be put down. Like they were founding members but rarely get treated or respected as such, whereas Yosuke and Chie still serve a big part in 4 late game. They really should have dialed back the cluelessness so the two could function in their fields with more efficacy and initiative, like have Ryuji be like the confident muscle of the team when needed and Ann being a clumsy but effective infiltrator
I'm playing through the final part of Royal at the moment.

I'm surprised at how much I like Ryuji, since he's not the type of character I usually enjoy. Just shows how good of a character he is.

I like having the full crew more, but I do feel like some weren't given the spotlight as much as others. Haru notably being the last one. And that the chemistry was better with a smaller crew.
    Haru gets good attention in Strikers.
[removed]
    I will take your word for it. I played Ff15 for maybe 3 hours got board and stoped
        It gets REAL good but that's only bc it's hardly a ff game to begin with.
            Ff15 was my first Final Fantasy game, I enjoyed it for a good while but just started to lost interest because of the gameplay and the story wasn't that good to me.

However, I can't deny that I love the dynamic between the 4 bros. It mostly kept me going in the first place.
                You didn't like the gameplay? Part part?
                    
Sorry I should've clarifyed.

I didn't really find the world and setting that much appealing imo. Some of the side quests, (monster hunts and fetch quests) was boring.

I found the the combat itself became stale after a while playing the game. I don't remember which part exactly in the game I was feeling like this, but I did remember I was pretty much attacking, switching weapons, holding square, and using the teammates attacks. Rinse and repeat. I hated the fact, I was controlling Noctis for the entire game and couldn't switch characters

Now I'm talking about the original FF15(no DLC) , not the Royal Edition. So I'm not sure if some of the issues are tweaked or fixed in that one
                        I guess I can see where you're coming from. Imo if it's flashy and works well, I'm good with it. Royal edition just adds some dlc for side episodes, nothing else.
i think kamoshidas palace was my second favorite actually. it's easy and a little bit boring but something about the very first palace and the original team together is always really special no matter how many times i play it
    The palace itself was my least favourite after futaba's, but everything surrounding it was phenomenal
Yes, in the same way that I miss when my own friend groups were that size - sure, it's fun having these new friends and making new connections, but there's a nostalgia in the simplicity of you and two of your best friends just traveling the woods together, traversing like adventurers or something. Now, with the groups having expanded, there's that inevitable friends hanging out together outside of yourself that makes you miss those smaller days, all the while being happy with the new friends you've made.
    This sounds so in line with the P5 themes and philosophy. You can long for what you used to have but more importantly you should appreciate what you've had since.
Yeah I miss it. It felt a lot more like a friend group just trying to help out
It's usually the first three or four founding party members that has people get attached to.

The Founding Four or The Shujin Trio plus Morgana were the perfect choice of characters to start P5. I also enjoyed the Royal Trio of Ren, Akechi and Sumi when it was just them in the Third Semester and that once scene of the three of them hanging out..

Most people would have used either them in battle for the Final Boss.

However I disagree with many down below of Kamoshida arc being the best arc and Palace as the "high point".
    Navigator Akechi was the best. I was sad when Futaba came back lol
I often feel like the start of games with a lot of progression  is very satisfying because it's easier to optimize and the core mechanics are more meaningful. In P5 specifically I think it's also about how much screen time your party gets. When you have the full party then every party member comments to almost everything and it makes discussions too drawn out sometimes.
    The Trails series is awful with this. You have like 10+ people in the scene and each one has to make at least 1 comment, every time.
    exactly thank you
Definitely, the early hours of a persona game are always so magical
    the time when Beneath the Mask doesn't occur with lyrics even if it's not raining and the feeling that you have a very long story ahead of you
Morgana gets so much shit honestly, but he was the reason, honestly, why the Phantom Thieves were able to get to know the Metaverse - let alone get so far to solving so many cases

Everytime I think about the photo of the original 4 eating at the buffet, it makes me tear up ngl
    Same. Lots of stuff about the vibe of this game makes me tear up.
Nothing quite beats the introductory trio of any given Persona game. 

It's actually why I like the Royal Trio (Sumire and Akechi and Joker) so much. As much as I love the full team hanging out together, there's something really intimate and personal about a smaller group dynamic.
    Both trios are honestly my OT3s, the royal trio with an edge over the original but still.
I loved the original group. Gave a very distinct "outcast members of society" vibe and made the initial Palace all the more personal. Especially compared to some of the latter ones.
The og 4 is such a vibe
I kinda agree, i think one of the best parts of the game was the beginning when it was just the first 4.
I wish we can disable the big ass UI. This pic will be great to be wallpaper.
Incredibly nostalgic for me. Yeah I love the other members too, but these are the OG Phantom Thieves
At this point in the game, the thieves have no leverage, barely any members, little experience, and are jeopardized when tension was already high, especially for Joker. The stakes are what make this arc shine, especially when the thieves each manage to break through their own personal struggles without being overshadowed by one another.
    Bars
    It did well to show them as underdogs. They’re not-too-bright kids facing an abuser protected by an uncaring, corrupt system with only the vague theories of a magical talking cat to guide them. It really sold the story as just some misfits with the entire world against them.
While Futaba is my favorite character, and I like Makoto a lot as well, i feel the gang was great with just Joker/Ann/Ryuji/Yusuke
The original squad.
Absolutely. I love Makoto, and Futaba's cool too, but there was a certain charm to it when it was just a few classmates coming together for a common goal that's lost after the others all joined.
    Haru doesn’t even get commenttime.
    I disagree that the common goal has been lost upon other members joining. Every single one of them have similar backgrounds and find commonality with each other which unites them under the same cause with the same principles.
I thought that was going to be our entire team
    I wouldve been down for that. I liked the OGs more anyway
I really enjoyed this crew and kinda wished we have a one more palace with just these 4.
Agreed. Best first arc in gaming imo.
The thing I miss is the attention to detail when it’s raining the team hides from the rain, such a nice little touch and the only time something like that happens in the game
    I never noticed this because I didn’t go in to the palace on rainy days!  That’s super cool
Ah yeah. I mean, I like every girls but you should admit that Joker was petrified for a moment by Ann when they first met AND he finally decided to do something against Kamoshida surely because of Ann. Yeah, the first trio maybe not the best team but the first palace always feel... different.
True Story: When I first picked up the game in 2017 I knew NOTHING about it to the point where I only played 8 hours of the game and thought the game was only these 4. Fast forward to 2020, I give the game an actual full  play through and was pleasantly surprised.
    [removed]
        I thought they were side characters that never join the actual team tbh.
I tend to use the beginning crew for the final battles in 4 and 5. Just feels more satisfying.
    The fact that Mona is the best healer, Ryuji is the physical powerhouse, and Ann is the magic powerhouse makes that even easier, as long as you don’t mind Joker being the one on buff/debuff duty (which is honestly a good spot for him given what a wide range of support abilities he can access by himself). They were my party for the non-Royal final boss too.
    I played through this game focusing almost entirely on damage, didn't bother with strategy or buffs and debuffs until I ran into Shido who kicked my ass. After that I was forced to reevaluate and I found the only character I could truly change at that point in terms of load out was Joker. So I turned him into a super support to keep everyone buffed and the enemies debuffed. Had Morgana heal every turn and had Ann and Ryuji dealing all the DPS, and that team destroyed Shido and the final boss. It was very satisfying lol, the OG Phantom Thieves are a powerful squad.
I really did enjoy my time with just the founders alone. They all had they're own deep and understandable reasons on why they joined up and I enjoy the dynamics between them all. I love everyone else don't get me wrong but I do get nostalgic for those rainy rooftop days with my not cat, my brother in arms, and our vengeful panther.
    Yeah all three have personal stakes in taking down Kamoshida and they bond over it. And you get a lot of interactions with Kamoshida acting like a collosal dick so  you want to give him his comeuppance too.
        Exactly the whole first case has so much build up and charge and little moments that make it the best in my opinion and I think its those little moments of interacting with kamoshida and him being a dick yet your smiling cause your planning revenge is so good and it's the one thing this case has over the other to me.
Kamoshida is the best arc. 

The other arcs just have cooler persona’s you can use, but this was easily the best story arc.
    Kamoshida definitely, but I think the Futaba and Maruki arc aren’t too far behind. 

Kamoshida though was such a grounded story. You know people like him exist everywhere. The other arcs were a bit more out there.
        Futaba’s arc is fun to play, but the Alibaba set up was annoying.

 I understand it’s necessary for her character development and Futaba has some of the best character development in the game, but I get impatient sometimes. Her backstory is really sad though. She spent two whole years thinking she caused her mom to commit suicide. Shido did all this so he could steal Wakaba’s research and continue to kill people that didn’t align with his ambitions. That is just awful. 

I personally like the Niijima arc too.  Best palace and the fact you were actually duping Akechi the entire time he thought he was duping you is great. That reveal was awesome.
    I love the game all around in royal my favorite is Maruki's mostly because I empathize with him a lot and it's really hard not to take his deal, where everyone gets to be happy.
        Maruki is basically Yaldabaoth in a lab coat. Oh, look! It’s the final Final boss that managed to secure complete omnipotence by granting the wishes of the ignorant masses! Where have I seen this before? 

When I first played Royal I thought Takuto wanted people to be happy. On my second playthrough I realized he’s a pretentious douchebag that thinks he’s right and everyone else is wrong. 

His word is hard to pass up for some people, but for me that shit is fake and I think it’s downright silly that a human being truly believes he knows what everybody wants. I can’t even figure out what my girlfriend wants for dinner and this guy knows the key to true happiness? He can’t even grant everybody’s wishes which is why you still get requests for mementos in the third semester.

That said I really enjoyed playing the third semester…TWICE!
            See I do a lot of but how would my character feel about x decision.

Also Maruki does want a world free of pain where people can be healthy and happy. Maruki's fally is believing only he can do the impossible and that he would see that through by any means. Also the reason you help people in mementos is because Maruki was not fully integrated into mementos. So it's a choice between a world of happiness, or a world where people can control themselves. Freedom or Happiness. I  always choose against his offer, but I do really like the thoughts and emotions it stirs up.
    For me it's the Shido arc
Probably my favorite four. Best part is, even if you get other characters, you can still use the original four since Ann is a great magic attacker, Ryuji is probably the best physical attacker and Morgana is the best healer
    I think I may give the healing edge to Makoto, but I still used Morgana in the final palace
        I didn’t use Makoto much. I preferred morgana because of his trait since I sometimes had joker heal. Morgana carried on >!Shido!< >!Yaldaboath!< and >!Maruki!<

I do have to admit that in strikers tho, I used Sophia much more. Morgana just died too quickly and wasn’t that useful in actual combat
            100% in strikers Sofia was the go to. Morgana was probably my least used character unless I needed wind damage in a boss fight
                Yeah after Alice, I almost never picked him up other than >!the demiurge boss!<
            That’s interesting to hear, because I did the opposite. Sophia was only ever used for Natsume and the final boss for me. Morgana literally never left my party
“Amd the cat” lmao
And all you had to worry about was palaces? Yeah, I do miss that
Before, it felt like a true group of misfits.
It feels abit more weird with more people, ya know?
i loved this lineup, the writing was extremely strong in their shared chapter. i love the rest of the gang, though- loved what the full cast was able to do, just differently.
    Not that anyone asked, but i still have the sense memory of that at the time i felt the writing was so strong, impactful that i decided to give gaming a second chance, and formally returned to it as a regular hobby. i’ve been pleased since, not even in the sense of chasing that specific feeling; have been finding myself consistently impressed with the specifically inventive, interactive, deeply empathetic storytelling found only in gaming.
Yeah I have to say they had a very nice dynamic, even though my favorite characters appeared afterwards
Thought I was alone. Don't get me wrong I love the other characters but I wish we have more og Phantom Thieves moments :(
This brings me back to when i thought Kamoshida was the main villain of the entire game
    Lmao 20 bucks for a 2 hour game
Yes.  Especially that date, in the corner.
yeah it feels really grounded
Yes i loved this team so much.
Although i loved all the characters so much i had an impossible time deciding on a team.
    It's honestly even harder in Strikers. Everyone is so OP and the battle system is crazy fun with all of them, totally changes depending on my mood from day to day.
I finished the game with this team, my favorite part of the game is between this and the end of Madarame’s palace. It has a very sweet vibe of adventure and unknown that I always cherish.
    Riding with Ryuji, Ann and Yusuke has that special feeling for me.
I too enjoy The Three Amigos & Their Cat Thing
It did have kind of a charm back when the team seemed so clearly out of their depth. They had good chemistry to the point where it was easy to forget that Joker was just silently looming most of the time.

That said, I do not miss having only one healer able to target multiple people or having to field both the two slowest and two most fragile party members at once.
“These three and the cat” *the cat being in frame*
The Phantom Thief aesthetic felt better when it was just those four and they had to figure things out themselves. By the time you get Makoto it kind of loses that. Doesn't help everyone else seems to get dumber once she joins.
    >By the time you get Makoto it kind of loses that.

Honestly if Makoto wasn't in the Thieves I'd be fine with that. She's basically just Mona 2.0 as a healer. 

Futaba brings that nerdy charisma and Haru is a lovable gem. Apparently Hifumi was supposed to be Queen in the original drafts. I would've liked that because of her quieter nature, she'd only interject when she felt the need to. If Makoto was just a social link like Mishima who helped from the sidelines I would've liked her character more. 

A lot of people use the excuse of Nijima Palace wouldn't be as impactful, but literally everything is resistant to nuke so no point in having her in the party anyways.
        Yeah she doesn't do much in that palace but go "Sis..." Because it's the Crow show at that point.

And for the record while it's off topic, I don't dislike Makoto, I just wasn't a fan on how they dumbed everyone down to make her seem so intelligent in her arc. But that's a problem Persona has in general, teammates get the spotlight in their arc and then might as well not be there except for battle once it's done. Futaba is a bit of an exception but Haru gets hit hard with this.
            >I just wasn't a fan on how they dumbed everyone down to make her seem so intelligent in her arc

People keep telling me this, I cannot think of a single actual point in the entire game when this happens
                Maybe when she talks down to the Thieves for "not having a plan" when they've been just fine so far, and then proceeds to suggest a plan that's the exact same thing they've been doing and everybody fawns all over her because she's The Smart One and can do no wrong.
        [https://www.reddit.com/r/Persona5/comments/9ntzkt/this\_is\_the\_creators\_commentary\_on\_hifumi\_togo/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Persona5/comments/9ntzkt/this_is_the_creators_commentary_on_hifumi_togo/)

Incorrect. It was a scrapped design not the character itself.
            >Incorrect

Thank you for correcting me, sharing the correct info, and not being a jackass about it. 

Still, I'd have liked Hifumi as she was as a confidant to replace Makoto as Queen. Would've made a better character dynamic among the Thieves in my opinion.
                Problem is I do not see Hifumi with her situation with her mother being Palace tier material worthy of an arc compared to the Niijima sister drama.

Also there’s the question of what main story arc would Hifumi have if she replaces Makoto. 

We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character loses her flair without someone giving us a POV.
                    >We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character

If we are talking about the original Persona 5 and not Royal, then we could've gotten a point of view from Akechi and how he lives his life up until the point of Nijima and Shido palaces. This could've replaced the stupid SIU Director monologues and developed Akechi's character simultaneously. 

For Hifumi's entrance into the plot, I think she should've been a victim of Kaneshiro's scams. Her social link would need some tweaking, like instead of her already being a known Shogi player she would aspire to be like her father who was a pro Shogi player. Maybe she'd have conflict with her mother about it? 

Also if Makoto was like Mishima and was an insider for the Thieves, she could've gotten the file for Futaba.
        There's literally no way of you knowing Hifumi would've been "a better fit" ^^and ^^you're ^^wrong ^^about ^^Makoto ^^anyway
            >There's literally no way of you knowing Hifumi would've been "a better fit" and you're wrong about Makoto anyway

It's just my opinion. I find no use for Makoto in Royal. She's useless in combat unless healing (Fafnir exists in Royal so there's no need for a nuke user in the party) and even then Maria Persona exists and Morgana surprisingly pulls his weight in the final palaces. I guess Makoto is *kind of* useful once she gets Atomic Flare, but that just makes me mad that they didn't give Ann Inferno (yes I know she gets Blazing Hell but I don't have many uses for AoEs) or Haru Psycho Force. 

 Also she was literally a screen time hog from the moment she was introduced. She would've been better as a side confidant and helping the Thieves from the real world like Mishima. 

I don't know if Hifumi would've made a better Queen, however from learning about their character traits/habits I can conclude that Hifumi would've allowed screen time for the other characters due to her reserved nature and only interjecting when she **absolutely** felt the need to. 

Again, this is just my **opinion** as a writer and someone who has played the game multiple times. You don't need to lose your mind.
                I won't say anything about her character but in terms of her ability as a party member, she's literally one of the best.

She's incredibly versatile for most of the game because her stats are so well balanced and her moveset has everything from status effects, physical/magic attacks, AND healing. And by late game she's not too far off from Ann if you give her concentrate or Okumura's will seed. Not only that, as a healer she's low-key better than Morgana because SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT, and for the fact that stuff like salvation is rather overkill and a waste of sp so you're fine with mediarahan or even mediarama tbh.

Also I'm not sure what you mean that there's no need for a nuke user because of Fafnir, that could literally be applied to any of the other party members with their respective elements. We have them because you don't want to waste Joker's turn with an action another party member could do.
                    >SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT

Maybe I just have dog shit rng because literally every time I use Makoto, she gets hit with a critical attack (like I will have other characters activate taunting aura and enemies **still** crit her). 

Fafnir hits like a fucking Mack truck and repels physical/gun skills which means I don't need to worry about a critical hit and still compensates for Joker's turn. 

That and I have to create a lineup just to use her. There are quite a few characters that I need to build specific lineups for to get the most use/best combat flow from them. Makoto is the most difficult by far, for me specifically. If I want her to be a healer, I need to have teammates for her to heal. If I want her to be a buff/debuff specialist (which she can't learn Thermopylae so no point in buff imo) it's easier because I have debilitate and I use that skill *a lot.* 

In essence, I have to severely handicap myself just to use Makoto. Personally, I like doing stupid things in P5R for shits and giggles. With Makoto though, it gets to a point where I need to use Ryuji and Yusuke on Conserve SP (no direct commands) then hope that Futaba *doesn't* heal me when I'm trying to use Asterius. It's a pain in the ass even if I don't do that because I have no idea what to do with her on her turns otherwise. 

Normally I only run with three party members instead of four unless I feel like fucking with Baton Pass, fighting Twins/Lavenza/Jose, or a boss fight. My lineup is normally Ann and Haru, however I also really like switching them up with the Royal duo. 

If you enjoy using Makoto, then all power to you. I personally don't have a use for her, so she is useless in my experience.
                        I, uh, don't really know what that first point is about, that's more to do with criticals and can apply to any party member really. No seriously, any party member can get particularly unlucky and be knocked down. What I was referring to was her endurance/defense stat compared to Mona's which is quite high.

That's certainly true that a fully optimized Fafnir is quite the menace. But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys and by this point, you can easily max out any of your personas stats and add stuff like Ali Dance so you're even less likely to get hit. And, in my experience, I didn't use Fafnir all that often. Instead, I either had a strong almighty user or I used Kaguya Picaro.

I'm a bit confused with the rest of this though, Makoto isn't remotely that hard to use. 

Personally, my Makoto build consisted of:

-Atomic Flare
-Mafreidyne
-Mediarama
-Flash Bomb
-Checkmate (although this was just for lols more than anything)
-Evade Psy
-Nuke Boost
-Nuke Amp
-President's Insight

And I had, I think, Sirius Armor and her ultimate gun, Judge of the Dead (which gave an insane +11 to every stat). This was more than enough for every single boss in the game.

All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often and I would get bored always using her. But I also don't think she's nearly as bad as you say, quite the opposite really :P Also...

>!*gasp* ***USELESS?!***!<
                            >But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys

Big thing here was that Fafnir reflects gun. I just have really shit luck with critical hit rates so having a persona that completely protected me was crazy on my first playthrough. Also I love Kaguya Picaro too. I completely stacked mine to deal as much bless damage as possible (highest number I got was 2k per hit on fully charged baton pass). 

I have Judge of the Dead for Makoto as well, however I still have her use the teddy bear hands because I find them hilarious. Silly weapons are my favourite weapons. 

Maybe I find it so difficult to use Makoto because I rely on technicals? Which wouldn't make sense, as nuke is a pretty damn good technical element once you get access the technical adept book and pool. 

I don't think I ever truly built Makoto as I did with the other characters. I'd need to get to Royal on my current playthrough, but I'm a little burned out atm. 

All I remember is that I built Haru to be a sadistic floofy murder machine that smacked Yu Narukami to hell and back. He would've gotten oneshot if he didn't withstand the attack, then I followed up with Kohyru. Twas glorious. 


>All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often

I got this too. I'll try building her like yours and replace a few with jazz club skills once I get back into the swing of Royal. A lot of people were being really toxic because I believed differently. Thank you for not jumping down my throat and actually having a decent conversation with me about it. 😊
                >She's useless in combat unless healing

Putting aside this is blatantly untrue for literally any party member

3 words

Judge of Hell

It literally makes her one of, if not, the moat powerful party members
        No Hifumi wasn’t going to be the party member originally. It was going to be the same type of character. The Hifumi in the game is different than h the Hifumi we would have gotten. Do your research
    I wouldn't go that far. 

Each member of the group has their own specialities and fields of smarts according to Gardner's Multiple Intelligence theory. Intelligence comes in many forms than just "book smarts".

There are things Makoto is a complete dumbass in and can't do, that others members can and more qualified for.
Omg I thought I was the only one.
I love the whole group but just the 3 of them was a vibe bro
things were much simpler back then
These three and Yusuke + Mona lol. I love all the thieves and Haru's in my top 3 characters, but man do I feel a giant bias for the first two palaces. Their relationship was super interesting, they were a small close team just starting out and they made a brand new friend with Yusuke. The team noticing the signs of abuse and deciding to help him out. It's just this sense of scale because they weren't known as the PTs yet. When Makoto came along it shattered that perception for me a bit, I felt like the dynamic within the team changed a bit. Sometimes I think about what the game could've been like if the thieves consisted of only the the founders, Yusuke and Futaba lol.

But that just might be because I find the beginning of these types of games to be very interesting - the player learning the ropes along with the characters. And it's a lot easier to write when there aren't too many characters in a group. Again, I love p5's cast, it's my favorite, but I would like to see a future game go back to having a smaller roster and how it would turn out both from a writing and gameplay standpoint.
    I love your viewpoint on this, and would love to see more games where the challenges truly evolved and changed as gameplay progressed, forcing the players to continue to learn the ropes
Starting with Yuusuke, the roles and connections of the others to antagonists felt more forced and convenient to me. The biggest thing about the original 3 was that they were just some bullied misfit students.

Haru could've just been that crazy gardening borderline psycho senpai instead of an all out heiress. Maybe instead of being her father, the connection could've been more subtle like Okumura being her parents' boss or something so the connections didn't become major character points. Felt like that detracted from the later members but ah well
Yes, yes I do. It felt so good and that's why the extra scene in Strikers before starting the road trip with only those 3 hit all the right spots.
    You mean them having ramen? It was nostalgic but Sophia kinda spoiled that.

My fondest memory of the Founding four was their celebration at the Buffet in the Hotel.
        Mine too! That one was so nice!!!
right now we are five plus the cat.. is there more coming?
    If you really haven't finished the game avoid this sub like the plague it's full of spoilers
        aha I see.. thank you 🙏🏽
    Yes there are more coming, have fun.
        i thought we’re plenty already haha. but the writing is good so they’ll figure it out i guess, thanks 🙏🏽
I would have been totally happy if the whole game was just this original group. I loved the dynamic they had together and felt it did get a bit interrupted with new members
    You're Awesome!
Not really, the party isn’t the same without my boy Yusuke.
    Yep. All the characters I enjoy. And the OG 4 were cool as a group, but Yusuke's arc and joining of the group was when I was like "Alright, yeah, this is my favorite member" and that didn't change the rest of the game hahaha
For me it still is these 3 and the cat
I definitely felt that way in Persona 3. MC, Yukari, and Junpei were my original 3 and I kept them the whole game since it seemed like the team that made the most sense with the story.
The OGs
Yes, I tended to keep them as my main party, especially my boy Ryuji
    Ryuji is a fucking beast late game, Charge + Matarukaja, God Hand.
        And he literally carried my team through Futaba’s palace! He kept getting those critical hits that we needed against Anubis and I was just like “THAT’S MY BOY 🥺” lol
Once the group got bigger than this. It felt like they were too big and the amt of fun got lower. Or maybe the first half missions were better.
    That's probably because you had Makoto sometimes being a wet blanket kill joy sometimes.

But it's also that the Thieves became more invested in their work than slice of life stuff which ties into how the group is essentially a haven for them to have a place to belong due to being outcasts as well as escapism from their shitty everyday lives when doing PT work.
Oh yeah, totally. I love everyone in the PT, Yusuke my boy, Makoto best girl, Futaba is precious and the Floof is irresistible.



But the OG 4 is definitely something special. I'm glad Strikers gave the OG 4 a sweet lil moment.
I think that as the start, as people say, Kamoshida is a really nice villain and we just hate the guy so much.  Yusuke was really good too.  After that, well, the Makoto being connected to Kaneshiro didn't feel that cool anymore, and while all the members are cool yeah I get what you're saying, just the four original members hanging out eating lunch at the rooftop is pretty nostalgic
From the op I thought it’ll be those guys plus fox. While the rest of the cast will be some sort of foils(not villains)
Yeah I also missed when it was just Junpei and Yukari in 3, I didn't really miss just having Chie and Yosuke tho, I only used Yosuke in my party against Kanji in Golden, although I do love Yukiko.
Not particularly because the writing in this game was so amazing. Generally, however, I don't like having too many playable characters in RPGs. First reason being that there's always that one or couple of characters that no one plays and it just seems like a wasted. Second, all the time and resources put into those characters can be put into the background and character development of the main characters. If the max party size is 4, only make 4 playable characters. Maybe the story would be more in-depth.
Yes I have to agree, their arc just makes so much sense
I started a new play through on a whim (no idea how long I’ll stick with it), and this first arc is honestly why I fell in love with the game. Kamoshida is such a great opening villain. These four set the tone for the rest of the game and form such a cohesive crew of outcasts.
I think the first palace and the last palace of Royal are where the game’s writing are at its finest since they were so much more personal and organic.
    completely agree
simpler times, aye.
Back when it was personal. Then shit gets real.
Sometimes simplicity is best
Mona is not a catttt
I’m gonna say it, I was pissed off when Morgana came in to the real world and forced its way to being a pet...but i like him now
    Totally not a cat.
        As Alex Jones once said “I’m gonna be honest with you, I’m kind of retarded”
Not going to lie I also thought this. Even though I love the rest of the group just these guys make it very fun.
We were so young
I do sometimes miss it
The og theam for battles is MC, Ryuji, Ann and the cat.
Morgana: "I'm not a cat!"
Fun date
Shujin Trio supremacy
Yea this was peak p5 hours
Yea I was so attached to just them, I was also attached to the Ren, Ann, Ryuji, and Makoto group for awhile during the Hawaii trip
    That ended up being my main party for the end of the game
I stopped playing a few months ago after successfully stealing Kamoshida’s heart, should I keep going?
    Yes! The game gets better and better, but be prepared to read a ton of text.
    Absolutely, regular or royal, one of the best jrpgs ever made along with p4g, and ff6-9
    I played P5 on my friend's recc (had never even heard of the series before) and I am so madly in love with the entire franchise now. I'm actually finn my first play of Royal now; when I beat the 7th Palace earlier today I got soooo excited realizing that I still have a whole new Palace and extra semester in this version because 122+ hours in I'm nowhere near ready for it to be done 😄
Honestly, that team was what really hooked me. They were really a complete team: Leader/Rouge, Tank, Healer/Mage, and Femme Fatale.
    The problem was that both your healers were fragile and one of them was also slow and only able to heal one person at a time. Not to mention that only Joker and Ryuji were any good for melee damage. Mechanically, it was a rough time in the game and really made you rely on Joker more than later parts of the game.

Story and character-wise, it was a great beginning.
Wish you could romance Ruiji
    Or at the very least let me hug him and tell him he's an essential member of the team
        I will never stop being mad that after he came back from the ship alive I didn’t have a chance to at least tell him I was glad he was all right.
            Nope, Joker would rather ditch his FIRST FRIEND
            The game loves forcing you to be a dick sometimes. It's almost always against Mishima and Morgana. Wtf game devs, I didn't fucking forget Morgana's fatty tuna, DON'T YOU DARE PIN THIS ON ME.
    Fr, Ryuji is the real best girl
It's just a classic
That trio was so fun!
The acknowledgment near the beginning of Strikers was a nice touch. 🍜🍜🍜🍜🍜🍜
    Oh fuck yeah, that scene made me feel warm all over.
Personally my favorite iteration was those 4 plus Yusuke. The rest are great, but liked that group more.
    Yusuke kind of got screwed over. When he first joined, he seems like he was going to be the smart one of the group, but Makoto joined almost immediately after and he just didn’t have much left to offer beyond quirkiness then.
Yes, I do miss that, like any other beginning of a game
For me Yusuke is an OG member of Phantom Thieves too. It kinda feels incomplete without him.
4/20. Nice 👌
Yeah, they had the most chemistry with each other in the whole team.

Like, do Haru, Yusuke and Makoto ever interact with each other? Lol
    Yes, Makoto and Haru are like best friends by endgame
    Well, apart from Yusuke and Futaba, Makoto and Haru a couple times, not really.
after yusuke came in i felt like the party members got a bit less connected in a way:/
    Still not sure why he goes to a different school. It's not really relevant to anything and it only forces the plot to change so they can be together like with the Hawaii vacation
        I'd say it's so they didn't have to introduce him earlier in the game and start his development when it's supposed to be the main 4 first but there's haru at shujin and they don't use her early on anyways:/
    dude yusuke is the worst like dont hate him but hes like that one friend we diddnt invite but still showed up
        I mean Yusuke is my favorite, he feels like a weirdo the phantom thieves adopted into their friend group and they eventually just get along with
        Yusuke's a lovely guy. A bit weird and eccentric, sure. But every group needs flavour.
        Factual
It took me a lot too warm up too the other charters after this first crew but eventually did. I hated Yuske at first lol.
    What made you hate him?
        First impression I got from him was that he is arrogant, which incidentally I hate people like that. Around about the time he awakens his persona did I start softening up
            I think Persona games in general take a bit of warming up, I've played 5,4,3 so far and in each my initial response to the game was "eh it's ok" but by the time I'm 10 hours in I start to get really into it.
            Ah gotcha.
    He's our precious lobster guy
Yeah… the good ol days
Honestly, I do.
Yeah, the more characters you add, the more crowded it becomes. In some cutscenes, you just have like 8 or 9 people just standing around
I love all the Phantom Thieves but I kinda agree with you in a way. You don’t have to sideline any party members or rotate them which I think helped each of them have a significant role in the Kamoshida arc. For me it’s also learning how to manage it all for the first time (infiltrations, mechanics, time management) that made it very new and exciting. After the fourth palace or so I felt the palace operations became routine because I knew how to manage them already.
Just 3 kids and a cat
I feel like the og 4 had more of a connection with eachother than with the rest of the group that would eventually join
    True, I felt the same. Maybe it's because they share a common origin story, revolving around Kamoshida's Palace for each of the four of them, while the other Phantom Thieves are more like individual additions.
        I was actually thinking the same thing, the og four are so organically brought together by kamoshidas palace and the fact that Ann and ryuji already sorta knew eachother was also a plus.
            Yeah, I agree. Kamoshida's Palace takedown has a much bigger emotional buildup compared to the next ones because we have four different characters all bonding with each other without a clear idea of what is going to happen to them. They only know they have a common short-term goal.

Subsequent palaces have their own addition to the team, but each of the new thief bonds instead with an already formed group which has already acquired a strong identity and long-term goals. Plus the reason behind the team helping each addition is simply to get more famous while doing something good, which is way less emotionally fulfilling than the prospect of taking down a common enemy.

Edit: spelling.
Persona always gets needlessly complicated at some point for me. I also lost my save file in a crash so I'm reticent to jump back in for another 50 hours
    Mechanics keep on COMIIIIIING
    Happened to me at 80 hours
I think the Kamoshida ark was the best ark.
    I thought that until Royal and that third semester.....
        Dude who forgot to max my confidant with Maruki checking in🙃 sooooo after 163 hours I’m doing the whole game again cause I missed that and heard it’s anazing
            Did you have a previous save you can go back a bit to?
                It’s cool though honestly I haven’t minded doin g it again it’s a great game, just started Futaba’s Palace again, taking it slow
                    Yeah and they add all kinds of extra ng+ content like new boss fights and answers to questions you couldn't answer the first time around.  Worth playing again for sure
                        Sweeeet I hear the DLC (I assume Kasumi’s) palace is really really good
The dynamic when it was just these 3 was the best imo and after the others joined it threw it off too much.
I miss the time before Makoto joined
    Same... She came in and just threw the dynamic out of the window.. smh
That was when I related extremely well with the game ; especially since somehow my closest friends at school and I had some similarities with the OG group

Also, Ryuji and Ann happen to be my favorites, so seeing them dropping in relevance was disappointing. Still a fantastic game, but the first palace was my favorite part
Yusuke is very funny tho
I was about to come in simping for Morgana when I got to

>just these three

I'm glad you added that last bit in.
Yess, Whenever i replay the game i get MAJOR nostalgic. Low-key miss it just being the 3 of them (and Morgana). Yet at the same time all the others are also cool :)
    :D
I wish the others remained as confidants. Having a small team like the first palace or two just made it feel like quality over quantity when it came to team members. When they added more, everyone had less time in the spotlight :(
My best team members l used were

Joker, Ann, Makoto, Ryuji

Now the other team were Joker, The Cat, Haru, Yusuke,

Have ya played the dancing ones. It reminds me of Dance Dance Revolution. And Persona 5 Strikers.

I'm also waiting on Persona 6 as well.
    I think my go to team was Makoto, Ryuji and Yusuke. Mainly because with that team i can have them use marakukaja, matarukaja and masukukaja respectively and effectively be fully buffed all the time if i use them every 3 turns. Also because Makoto is the best healer and can deal heavy magic damage especially if you give her concentrate via the jazz club and Ryuji and Yusuke can deal heavy physical damage and you can get charge to Yusuke via the jazz club too
        Yep. They could've made the 100% trophies more harder to obtain. It was way too easy.
morgana would be pissed if he could read this
    so what? He deserves it.

 r/cuckthecat
This game was my first ever turn based rpg and I had no idea that the party would expand over time. The biggest surprise was Makoto, man, I was blown away cuz I really hated her.
    Do you still hate her or not? I used to love her but now crawling to dislike she just gets on my nerves a little
    I dislike her in p5 because she talked too much. It feels like she is the true leader. But I guess I can’t blame her because since Hifumi no longer a party member, all the lines became hers. But I like her in p5s.
420 lol
There is one brain cell among them, and Morgana hogs it.
    there is one brain cell and it bounces like a windows screensaver between each of them 

( god I love those idiots )
    Whoa whoa whoa, don't discount our boy Joker, Morgana constantly goes "heh, I knew you had potential,".
        Joker mainly just guesses correctly
Morgana is NOT a cat !
4/20
Morgana is not a cat
    Morgana is that you?
        Morgana is a human! I think..
Yeah, i miss it a bit
Simpler they were
Not really no, I do love all the Phantom Thieves but my favorite characters are Yusuke and Futaba. And I also feel the Phantom Thieves chemistry got better when the group got bigger and had more people to bounce off of.
game so long y'all got nostalgia for the first level XD
Damn. On 420 of all days
Oh yes.
As much as I agree I have too oh say no cus my boi and yusuke isn’t here yet and neither is my girl Futaba
I do, aw man :(
All my favourites right there
Ayy, that photo’s date is my birthday
I've played an entire playthrough without changing this core party (except when forced) once you have enough personas you don't have to worry about keeping the right party to counter weaknesses
Agree! Also there’s more moments where Morgana takes the piss out of Ryuji, accompanied with that ‘jest’ face he does for it. That cracked me up every time on my playthrough.
I like the whole squad
Those 4 + Makoto is where it's at for me. I know Yusuke joins earlier, but IMHO the Shujin guys just work better together (Haru, unfortunately, is pretty much an afterthought =/).
Nothing against Haru but they should have stopped after Futaba.
The day is 420
    It's their smoke spot
Ryuji and Ann got a lot dumber as more party members were added
    I wouldn't say dumber, because they don't really do anything dumb in particular. Less directly involved in planning, maybe. But there's still tons of moments when they shine, it's just that they don't do a lot of exposition for the player lol. They're still very emotionally intelligent and supportive characters, I feel a lot of people miss out on that.
        Nah, they definitely seem like the butt of the joke when it comes intelligence. Ryuji is reduced to the dumb jock and Ann is the airhead valley girl type.
            Hmm, I guess I just don't see it, or I didn't think it was that big of a deal, if we're talking about the main storyline. Pretty much every character is the butt of a joke at some point. Ryuji does have a fiery personality and is quick to anger when he feels things are unfair but he reels it back a bit towards the end of the game. And he's supportive and protective of everyone. He insisted they were in the right when helping Haru and gets a cool moment in Shido's palace. He's like the heart of the thieves, if you think about it. I don't recall Ann being like. Super dumb or anything, I find most of her blunders to be funny, personally. She gets good moments relating to other characters, like in Futaba's palace and shows off some of her acting in Shido's. 

Idk, those are just the obvious picks, but a lot of their small moments of support they show to others and Joker stuck out to me. It's like, they're dumbasses but they're not dumb, someone might say.
there is more??? (i just started yesterday so i joined this sub.
    A great big family. 

Have fun and stay away from spoilers best you can! It's an amazing game.
    There can be a lot of spoilers on this sub so be careful. If you want to 100% the game but don't want spoilers, there are spoiler-free 100% guides.
        [removed]
            Bro I wish I could be in your shoes again. Persona is one of those series i absolutely love and wish I could play blind again. See you in a few weeks.
            See you in 100 hrs of gameplay lol
    Leave this sub, you WILL be spoiled otherwise, seriously. It's very risky, come join it again when you finish it.
        I finished it, it was incredible, thanks for the warning
            Masterpiece innit. Played it twice myself lol.
Morgana is NOT a cat !!!
    A yeah. A racoon
    Meowgana
It was simple only being 4 people
the more, the merrier
The secret squad vibes
I am dreaming PC version.
Yes
yeah very much
Yeah kinda gave the group a scrpper vibe
Original trio > royal trio
    I'd say the Shujin Trio is more fitting especially since Ryuji uses that to describe him, Ren and Ann in P5 Strikers.
    Isn't the Royal trio the same?
        Royal trio referes to the early available characters when you infiltrate last palace in Royal which was Joker, Akechi, and Sumire.
            Ah i havent finished the games yet my bad!
    What ?
I have a special attachment to Ryuji, Ann and Yusuke in particular and use them as my squad whenever I can, although Makoto had to fill in as healer later on.
He is NOT a cat!!!
Every time they add a character I get this feeling.

I miss when it was just Makoto and Yusuke and these 4. After that though, it’s kind of just a blur to me.
You make a good point but here's an idea. Let's drop the cat and the girl. Then you can raid palaces with just you and ya boi.
    ATLUS was to scared to let you date Ryuji, cuz then no one would pick any other dating option
In the next game I would rather have most of the team from the start rather than getting them one per dungeon.
    That would make the game rather stale. There is a reason most rpgs give you your party one by one. You have time to get to know the new members moves and when you het familiar with them the game expands to give you more options. If everyone was unlocked at the start they would have to have a small amount of members which makes it stale really fast or they would have a large group which would be overwhelming for a lot of people.
        I meant it more from story perspective not gameplay. They don't have to get powers to summon personas from the get go I just dislike how the characters are relevant for one arc and then kind of forgotten. Haru suffers from that the most.
            The last character you get is usually the least developed. But at least Shinjiro (If you want to count Ken instead at least he joins a bit earlier) and Naoto were in the story prior to joining. Best Haru got was being in the background during certain scenes. Though honestly in the next game I think I would prefer a smaller team, whilst there’s a lot of versatility it does mean some characters get forgotten. I’d be curious what a game with just 4 wild cards may be like, but I’m sure you could break the game pretty quickly with that. (I’m aware of Persona 1 and 2, but I’d be curious about something new with that sort of all wild card style)
                Persona doesn't need to make the excuse of "bigger team for more variety of skills" when you already have a system like skill cards in place. 

Give us 5 actual party members including the MC that we can set up how we need, MC gets new personas but party members can have skill level ups, and skill card changes.  That way every character always has relevance and development outside of their Social links and respective dungeons.
    ...The one per dungeon way is kinda what Persona has always done. I wouldn't hold my breath for it to change. Basically, it lets them establish a group dynamic with only a couple of characters, and then piece the new character into the dynamic, rather than just starting off trying to figure out how 8 people interact with each other
        I mean more in the fashion that p3 did, Mitsuru and Akihiko were relevant in story from the start of the game. I don't mind not having them in the dungeon from the start.
I wish rpg devs found a way to prevent players from getting bored other than adding new characters every few hours
    What would they do for hours lol fight nameless enemies with the same 4 people? Just go play smt lol
        Yeah that would be stupid.... -As i fight with the same party the entire game after getting makoto and haur- >.>
    Here's a joke! What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to?
Lonely
Ahh yess it is weed day
yeah tbh
Yes
This is a wholesome post, but I swear I've seen this exact same picture with basically the same title like 3 times already :D No offense though, this moment in-game really is one of the most nostalgic ones!
Well, minus the cat
    Bitch
        Me or the cat?
            You 😠
                At least you're honest
                Fuck that cat 😹
                    on god
                    Please don’t fuck cats.
nah ... I could take or leave the cat but ....

Makoto definitely is needed. 

Yusuke and Futaba have their own charm.

I don't mind Haru but she just comes so late she doesn't fit that well. I'd just have her meet everyone earlier.
4/20 aayye
I never liked using Yusuke, so it effectively stayed as the original core group until Makoto joined the party.
The 3 and the cat... didn't even say the 4🤣
Nah I need my boyfriends Yusuke and Akechi
    Lol
        As much as Ryuji is a sweetheart the other two persona boys caught my heart
            Yea, akechi just is so fruity with joker, did you see the way they acted with eachother in the p5r into? Yusuke is just charming in general, has one of the best confidant stories
For me the story started faltering during the Futaba arc and never reached the heights of the beginning again. I love every character in the game but I just hate her character.
    finally someone else agrees about futaba lol, i think shes a well written character but goddamn is she annoying. have you played royal? i think the new royal arc meets and exceeds the kamoshida one but apart from that i agree
I don’t miss the cat.
    **THANK YOU**
4/20
Honestly, yes.
I would if I didn’t love makoto and Futaba so much
Yep, but then I start missing all the convenient features the later Confidents give you.
Yeah, Makoto ruined the dynamic
    I like Makoto, but she absolutely did. She took over as the brains of the operation from Morgana, and also took alot of focus away from Ann that she never gets back as more characters get introduced. Makoto is so useful it fucked things up by adding her to the party so early.

Naoto in 4 is the example of doing it right, because she is so immediately significant in helping the team plan their next steps, but is also the very last member so she doesn't overshadow anybody else. Naoto feels like the last piece needed to get to the ending while Makoto is around so long she starts to feel like the leader and you're her assistant.
        Which made no sense. There’s no reason why she should take up Navigator lines from Futaba lines and be better than Morgana in the meta verse.
    You are a brave one, but yes I do feel you are slightly right. 

The quick-fire way that they introduce Palaces and characters after Yusuke does make things seem slightly more forced. I do wonder how things would have gone had they lengthened the times before you are given the deadline and shortened the time that you get to run through each palace and give more time to expanding the characters they introduce as well as the villians that lead the Palaces
    lol, no. I've heard a lot of """complaints""" over the years but this is my first encounter with this

In what way? She wasn't even the next party member after these 4
“The cat”
Uhhhhhh
I gotta have Makoto. Simply because her attacks remind me of Tifa from FF7.
Nope, need Yusuke and Makoto in the bunch
I'm annoyed o got 5 for free and found out royal isn't an expansion
    I will say, while royal is a masterpiece, 5 is still a glorious game. It’s a little more challenging but that adds some unique charm. Royal is almost too easy 😅
    I mean they have done this for a while. Base game the expanded version. Persona 3 and FES on PS2. Persona 4 on PS2 and Persona 4: Golden on PS Vita and PC. Now Persona 5 and Persona 5 Royal on PS4. 

This is not a new thing for them in anyway at all.
mkay i love the other characters but about this i cannot say i dont
Not really.  I shelved P5 for eight months during the Madarame Palace then stuck with it when Makoto changed the tone and took the steering wheel away from Ryuji.
Being completely honours I really don't wanna see any more of them (Besides joker)  I enjoy their characters But they have way too much screen time for me to Care anymore.  I wanna move past these 3.
If there was a new spin off i kind hope there get cut To Hopefully flesher out other characters more be it new or old (like kasumi or sophia)
Among my gameplay wishlist for P6, I want a feature (most likely for NG+) where after you get past one of the bosses or dungeons, the game allows you to freeze that period of time to do whatever you want for how long you want. This would make it so NG+ has an actual purpose of reliably being able to consume everything the game has to offer past ur second playthrough.
Nope. Makoto is my #1 gunner.
I wish they'd just release this for the Switch already.
    And for PC.
Those three and Makoto. Yusuke is weird and I don't really like Futaba. I don't have anything against Haru but she feels really tacked in. Haven't played Royal and probably never will since I only have a ps3.
    Persona 5 Royal is the best in my opinion.
    i love how on the p5 subreddit you get downvoted for not liking some characters lmao
        Considering half the people here haven't even played the game, I couldn't care less lmao.
            If you like P5, you should definitely find a way to play P5R. Especially if it's been a long time.

Playing P5R three years after P5 was an incredible experience for me!
    Yusuke has always felt like the odd man out to me
No, lol.
Yes, and nice date.
Mc-kun, Ann and Ryuji yes. Do not like morgana at all though.
No. But that's mainly because the whole game with just the four of them would not be as amazing as it is now. I mean for one, Joker hardly ever speaks so it's more like 3 characters than 4. And while these 4 characters have their strengths, they also have limits and would've needed others to help anyways. This detail in general is why don't get the complaints about Makoto and Futaba supposedly ruining the dynamics. If the other characters were actually likely to do those things, they would have done them. There's nothing wrong with certain characters not doing or contributing to particular efforts, because they all have their part in the story (otherwise they wouldn't have been in it in the first place). I mean, the confidants even help the PT to do things they can't do. Please stop acting like Ryuji and Ann not coming up with a plan means the are useless. Maybe some characters aren't developed enough, but to say they should be doing things they didn't do is silly.

I won't say that point of the game was unfun/demotivating, because that's false; but the other characters offer interesting things to the plot to think about which is why I like all of the team members. The game has many things to say, and limiting the main cast to the starting 4 could likely limit those messages.
I missed when it was just the Thieves and no Morgana.  Can't stand the cat.
    same
    I was fine with Morgana until he decided to go rogue for a bit.  That part annoyed me since it felt forced.  Ever since then, I would never use him in my parties, haha.
I think I like Makoto a bit too much to miss just these 3
    Makoto will always be best girl but even I loved the OG dynamic.
        I didnt even know the game continued after Kamoshida when I started. I started to dislike makoto because of her treatment of the OGs... then her part came around and my opinion completely flipped after finding out why she was like that. I only don't really miss the OG dynamic because the newer characters I've tended to like more, besides Akechi. Fuck him
            Haha! Fuck Akechi too but 3rd semester Akechi is awesome. He was fantastic contrast to the PT and I loved his arc. Made me sad and shit. 



And yeah, I get what you mean. Shit, my favs are straight up Makoto, Haru, Yusuke, and Futaba but only by the tiniest of margins.
                My favorites are, besides Joker, who is my #2, Makoto Futaba and Morgana, the only character I dont like all too much is Yusuke but I dont dislike him
                    Oh hell yeah bud, love seeing Morgana love on this sub.
                        I love cats a lot, so just by that alone I like him
4/20 HAHAIHHAHAHAHA
i mean yes and no ...
Yeah 
When yusuke joins is a 50/50 for me he is a little connect to the team but not that much but from makoto , futaba , haru  for makoto I love her but after she joined she took the brain from the team she and futaba make the main 4 useless and haru is just there no chemistry with no one , and is anyone feel the same like me. The girls has no chemistry with each other and after I played striker yes they have no chemistry they feel weird with each other and with the boys other than Ann but after yusuke palace she is not the same in summary the girls chemistry with each other it’s sucks and boring and the boys have good chemistry.
And there the forced girl in Royal
    Breathe homie. Punctuation is important. Im out of breath just reading this silently.
    Did you even play the game?
         no i just say something random in a random post
            Makes more sense now.
    Based coment, I do not agree with you at all but is your opinion after all. Its Hilarious look the lot of people tilted and trying shut people just for a game lol.
        Thank you I think they mad because they saw or  think that I hate females character or just because I insulted their waifu
    This is why we should abolish opinions
        If you abolish opinions then what the point of the comment and the post to exist
No
Not really but that's mostly because I don't like Ryuji
    4 real?
    What
        Probably an unpopular opinion but I feel like he's annoying, gets the group into more trouble then they should, and is kinda a creep
            Glad I'm not the only one that thought this, any time an option came up to throw some shade at him I would always choose it.
            THANK YOU. God, I’ve stated this so much when it comes to people’s twisted love affair with Ryuji and they’re just like “you’re a hater”.

Like, listen- I have an abrasive and vulgar personality like Ryuji. Doesn’t mean I fucking have to like it.
    I get it. I don’t hate him personally but he definitely tows that line for me between annoying and endearing. He’s definitely bottom tier for me though

Edit: autocorrect
Honestly? No
No.
probably a VERY unpopular opinion here, but no, i don't.  compared to p4 i found the majority of p5's characters to be pretty bland.  it was like the two games mirrored one another, in p5 I was way more interested in the majority of the confidants than the team. a complete opposite of p4.
    P3 cast felt like coworkers, P4 cast felt like genuine, life long friends, P5 cast felt like college pals who will have little to do with each other in 10 years
No, because they never felt like "the crew," to me. They just felt like "you're getting the crew later. These are the guys you have to use until you actually have options."

Makoto, Yusuke, Futaba... they contributed meaningfully to the team. Ann and Ryuji felt more like "you don't have a choice. Its them or nothing." Morgana did meaningfully contribute, but still unlikable.
    I found Ann pretty damn useful because of her super high magic stat and it was just fun to use Ryuji to get high ass physical damage numbers. Morgana outlives his usefulness real fast (for me it was Futaba palace for the first playthrough when I dumped him). Yusuke fits in real well with ice skills (at least I have super good luck with freeze ailment). I find Makoto pretty useless cuz my nuke Persona does *so* much more damage than her. 

Also why is no one mentioning best girl Haru? This girl literally allows Joker to be the true jack of all trades with crits and technicals. Joker's job is supposed to be the follow up big damage dealer, but until Haru he has to do the majority of technicals and crits. Plus Haru is an absolute gem of a character.
        I meant story useful. Gameplay-wise, they all have their use.

Story wise, Morgana is an info dump and give you thieves tools. Makoto is a tactician, Yusuke makes the calling cards, and Futaba is a computer god.

Ryuji, Ann, and Haru... ? It really felt like a stretch to make any of them useful, anytime they were.
            Ann at least has Sexy Technique and Crocodile Eyes (plus her *flawless* acting skills). 

Haru really shines in Strikers, especially when she single handedly intimidated Zenkichi who's a seasoned cop. 

Ryuji was supposed to be the "buff body guard" type, but I kinda put Haru in that spot because she scares *everyone*.
                Hey, check it out! This comment contains every letter in the English alphabet.
                        

I have checked 433688 comments and 1844 of them contain every letter in the English alphabet.
                We're talking about the main game, not Strikers, so Haru still has nothing. 

Ryuji you admit is irrelevant.

And what you described for Ann is more gameplay. 

Story wise, those 3 don't contribute anything until the writers bend over backwards to make them relevant.
Morgana can go. Wasted space.
Not particularly
No, the cat could have done without cuz he's annoying in English and Japanese.
    Mona as a character is supposed be kinda a know it all like makoto but with out the charm. Hes overcompensating for his lack of memories and lack of purpose outside of this gut feeling. When you get diwn to it he's esentually mewtwo from the first pokemon movie, a brash petty child trying to find his place in the world by alinating others to keep himself at some kind of a distance but rwalizing theres good in people. How they learn this is vastly different but the themes line up pretty well.
Nah, I really didn't like Ann in my party
No. I do not like the cat.
    The cat is a fucking disgrace. Telling me when to go to bed. Pfft, should be watching some DVDs.
If I were to rank every character on the game even Goro Akechi would be above Ann and Ryuji, so no I do not miss them.
I think it's that underdog "we don't know if we're going to succeed" feeling. 


I always forget how grim the beginning of 5 is when the first couple hours is "everyone hates you, crime boy" and then all of the sudden you're in this race against time to use your new and mysterious abilities to *hopefully* make it out alright. No Phan site, no confidants saying "I know you're a Phantom Thief and it's cool with me," Sojiro's still callous af and going back to LeBlanc at night isn't good vibes yet, ect. 

Then when Kamoshida goes down you guys go to a buffet, officially name the Phantom Thieves, live it up and it's pretty much good times from then on, knowing you can win each time until the end of Okumura's palace. Then things get uncertain and personal again with the recent death, Sae being the new Palace owner, Akechi blackmailing you into breaking up the Phantom Thieves and the looming return of the intro Casino scene.
yeah definitely, only the new royal arc and the casino maybe is better than it i think
    Yeah the final arc of Royal is my favorite arc in Persona 5 and one of my favorite arcs in all of persona for a number of reasons. But the Kamoshida arc is just, different, then the others.
You can tell that's where most of the dev time went to lol, they probably had to speed it up for later dungeons
Yeah, it's for sure one of my favorite parts of the game. On my first playthrough I didn't really like Yusuke at first because he seemed like he was getting in the way of a really good dynamic between the core four. I would have liked a whole season of an anime (heh Ann-ime) that was just the four of them before you start bringing in more.
While not underdogs, weren't all the PTs rejects in some way?

Haru in that she didn't have real friends and was kept at arm's length because of who her family was, like the other person that replied said, Makoto didn't have many friends (highlighted in her social link, iirc?) and was considered a stuck up teacher's pet, Futaba is Futaba, and Yosuke is too eccentric and focused to have friends, regardless of if he could or not.

They're all a bunch of weirdos who didn't have a place in the social ladder until they met each other, tbh.
    Well, why should someone have a strong power of rebellion in their heart if their life was easy?
>They’re the rejects of the school

Well, I consider Haru a school reject too. **Here me out**, Haru wasn't visibly a reject, because of her family's status she never was able to have true friends. She even states this in her social link that making friends were difficult because they only wanted her father's approval or money. Then her father tried to use her as a pawn and marry her off to Sugimura (prob misspelled but he's a dick so idc). 

I really relate to this. My father paid people to be around me. While I wasn't set up in an arranged marriage like Haru, if my father had the chance to ship me off I believe he would in a heartbeat. I never had true friends until later on in life, mainly after I stopped talking to my father. I'm nothing like Haru personality wise (she's a cinnamon roll), but I know what it feels like to be an expendable pawn in someone else's game of chess.
Should I do my first play through on the original or royal?
    Royal is just a extremely better version than the original so u can easily start with that
        Okay cool thanks guys
            Ur welcome
    Royal is just the base game with more content, def play royal
    Definitely Royal. There’s nothing the original has that Royal doesn’t (except maybe the better Takemi VA but I can live with Abby Trott)
    If you're planning on doing both at some point then original first
        Idk why you’re being downvoted, you’re not wrong. Playing Royal and then the original would probably ruin the original for you. That being said, there’s no real reason to play the original now that Royal is out and on sale frequently
:)
It felt like they let people in the circle too easily after this.
    Well I mean it's not like they're all fighting for same reason, everyone else after getting their personas knew about them being the Phantom Thieves so might as well bring them along
        And it’s not as if any new member was brought along with the idea “oh this will be a new member of our team.” They were basically all blackmailing the PT, stumbled into the meta verse, and then discovered their own personas.
You do still be treated like a delinquent transfer student but the latest gossip surrounding us does settle down as there's new things for these kids to talk about given the events of the game.
They actually somewhat did this in strikers
everyone was available if you just called them and it was weird. 

back in p3, some of the party members can and did go out and do their own thing every now and then, that was pretty cool imo
    I heard they also got tired during the explorations and if you didn’t swap them out or leave, they wouldn’t able to be used for a couple days
        they do, but that was removed in p3p
            They wouldn't be unavailable in P3P unless it was because fatigue.
        The fatigue mechanic. Even the player could get sick and too tired to do Tartaraus.
            I personally think the fatigue mechanic  and some characters having other things to do, while it was annoying, should’ve stayed. it made the characters feel more real
You know. The Legend of heroes games are doing this and the group dynamic is one thing which I found surprisingly good in these games, sometimes way better than in Persona.

It all comes down to that the protagonist is not an half assed self insert char and has its own arc and flaws and the group never depended on the MC in the first place, unlike joker.

One thing I wish ATLUS would change in P6. Give us a team which has its own dynamic and doesn't suck MC's balls all the time, slowly its getting tedious..
    That's probably going to be hard given how the NEO Hashino Era games emphasis on forming social network bonds to which, my friends are my power for the protagonist and they are established as "leader".

If you're looking for a Persona MC with their own story and flaws then Persona 2's Tatsuya and Maya is the way to go as to this day IMO they are arguably the best protagonists of the series period.
But wouldn't that frustrate some players who had specific set ups in their party composition only to be screwed up by the characters being separated?
Baffles me every time when the game suddenly paints that before Makoto joined "the Thieves never made any plans". 

Like bruh, they managed to form a pretty good plan in stealing the Madarame treasure.
    Exactly! And okay, they *did* just go in and beat stuff up before the heist part, so I can understand to a degree. I'd have forgiven this assertion *if* after Makoto joined she helped us infiltrate another way and we started planning our routes more, but we don't, we just continue to bust in and beat stuff up and then not even concoct a heist plan to go along with it! Kaneshiro's Palace arguably had *less* planning than Madarame's did, but the game acts like that heist plan just hadn't happened.
        Yeah the only thing gameplay that changes is Makoto confidant ability of analysing enemies in battle. Which that role can easily be taken over by Morgana, Futaba or actually taken over by Akechi.
Ryuji is also just the strongest on the team aside from Joker. His HP, Strength, and Endurance are all in a class of their own. Makoto is versatile but her stat distribution isn’t as potent as Ryuji. Also not many can take a Charge + God Hand and live to tell the tale.
Their bros and nothing will be stronger than that.

Ryuji was on my team for most the game as well I only swapped out to max everyone's levels otherwise I ran Joker,Ryuji,Makoto, and anyone else as the 4th depending on who would be most useful.
    >Their bros and nothing will be stronger than that.

\*tears welling up in my eyes as I redownload Royal for the hundredth time\*

I know... It's beautiful...
Sorry I’m late, isn’t Haru moving her plants to the roof the first time you meet her? Before that she was gardening on the grounds. You help her set up the rooftop garden with the group.
    Technically yeah, but it's something they could've written in to integrate and introduce her to the audience more smoothly.
All arcs were pretty realistic minus the supernatural. The Palace Rulers were partially inspired by real infamous Japanese people. 

The first arc is seen as "personal and realistic" moreso for the West as the arc itself hits hard for people regardless of nationality compared to the following arcs where it's more ingrained in Japanese culture and society to which doesn't always hook many Westerns fans.
    That sounds interesting, who were the rest of the Palace rulers based off?
P2 had like 5 to 6 party members and that is including the guest party members.
Good point, although I do believe the whole doing it for requests thing is all a big lead up to their overconfidence at the end of Okumura’s palace and how it backfired on them.
The arcs afterwards were still pretty personal for those involved though. 
So I don’t know why you’re saying as if they weren’t doing it for personal reasons. 

Madarame arc wasn’t because of the Phan-site it was because we beat Nakanohara and he asked us to stop Madarame and save Yusuke.
Yusuke is never welcome. 

Love the voice actor. Dislike the character.

Edit: I have a separate response down further, but I just want to say the persona characters you like and connect with are valid. Every character is likeable. It's just a matter of personal preference.
    Why do you dislike him? (I'm not mad or anything, I'm just curious)
        Oh wow, that was a lot of quick downvotes. In games with ensemble casts, the whole point is that they are able to make lots of diverse characters, and not all of them will be liked by everyone. 

All of the characters in Persona 5 feel really well fleshed out. There basically isn't a single party member or confidant that feels two dimensional. 

That being said, I'm just not a fan of Yusuke. I feel like he's a good character, with a strong personality and everything. I just personally don't like him as much as the other party members.
            I don't mind you not being a fan of Yusuke, but I just gotta say stating that is a big difference and tonal shift from "Yusuke is never welcome." Makes it feel more like you're attacking the character then just saying "eh, not a fan." So I get why fans would respond negatively to that.
                I totally get that. I didn't mean for it to sound quite so strongly against him. 

I just don't have him in my party like ever. I'm still glad he's in the game.
    I love Yusuke, and I respect your opinion, but damn all the downvotes? Nahhh
    People downvoting over opinion don't know what upvotes and downvotes are actually used for. I agree with you. Wasnt a fan of his character. He reminds me of that one friend we all have but dont really want around. We didnt invite him to our bowling party and he still showed up.
        Lol that's such a mood. 

But that's the power of good character development. Yusuke feels like someone you know in real life, and isn't just a 2d caricature.
            Yea definitely he has character depth and a decent story.

I still don't want him over for my birthday tho
                Oh I'd invite him. 

I just wouldn't leave him alone with my sister.
                    "Hey uh...CAN I PAINT YOU NAKED"
that’s the big issue with her she’s just wedged into the story. Too a certain extent many of the other thieves do, as all they do is just hang out with the protagonist and that’s all you know them for, doesn’t make them as interesting as they can be. With Ann and Ryuji, they’re at least friends before the story (or at least know each other) and they have good interactions. Unfortunately it’d take hundreds of hours to complete a game where every character felt natural and worked well with other characters.
Good.
I was so sad when the battle talking that happens when you do something cool changed from Morgana to Futaba
    Yeah, I feel that. I like how Futaba functions in the story, and she was crucial to actually linking Shido to everything, but what I loved about Persona 4 is they REALLY had to work everything out by hand. They had key evidence turn up organically and figured things out from there. I like Makoto and Futaba a lot, but they are used as plot devices a bit too much. Not too much of an issue, though, since the game had a different focus than 4, but I really didn't enjoy their brilliance just serving as a means for Ryuji or Ann to be put down. Like they were founding members but rarely get treated or respected as such, whereas Yosuke and Chie still serve a big part in 4 late game. They really should have dialed back the cluelessness so the two could function in their fields with more efficacy and initiative, like have Ryuji be like the confident muscle of the team when needed and Ann being a clumsy but effective infiltrator
Haru gets good attention in Strikers.
I will take your word for it. I played Ff15 for maybe 3 hours got board and stoped
    It gets REAL good but that's only bc it's hardly a ff game to begin with.
        Ff15 was my first Final Fantasy game, I enjoyed it for a good while but just started to lost interest because of the gameplay and the story wasn't that good to me.

However, I can't deny that I love the dynamic between the 4 bros. It mostly kept me going in the first place.
            You didn't like the gameplay? Part part?
                
Sorry I should've clarifyed.

I didn't really find the world and setting that much appealing imo. Some of the side quests, (monster hunts and fetch quests) was boring.

I found the the combat itself became stale after a while playing the game. I don't remember which part exactly in the game I was feeling like this, but I did remember I was pretty much attacking, switching weapons, holding square, and using the teammates attacks. Rinse and repeat. I hated the fact, I was controlling Noctis for the entire game and couldn't switch characters

Now I'm talking about the original FF15(no DLC) , not the Royal Edition. So I'm not sure if some of the issues are tweaked or fixed in that one
                    I guess I can see where you're coming from. Imo if it's flashy and works well, I'm good with it. Royal edition just adds some dlc for side episodes, nothing else.
The palace itself was my least favourite after futaba's, but everything surrounding it was phenomenal
This sounds so in line with the P5 themes and philosophy. You can long for what you used to have but more importantly you should appreciate what you've had since.
Navigator Akechi was the best. I was sad when Futaba came back lol
The Trails series is awful with this. You have like 10+ people in the scene and each one has to make at least 1 comment, every time.
exactly thank you
the time when Beneath the Mask doesn't occur with lyrics even if it's not raining and the feeling that you have a very long story ahead of you
Same. Lots of stuff about the vibe of this game makes me tear up.
Both trios are honestly my OT3s, the royal trio with an edge over the original but still.
Bars
It did well to show them as underdogs. They’re not-too-bright kids facing an abuser protected by an uncaring, corrupt system with only the vague theories of a magical talking cat to guide them. It really sold the story as just some misfits with the entire world against them.
Haru doesn’t even get commenttime.
I disagree that the common goal has been lost upon other members joining. Every single one of them have similar backgrounds and find commonality with each other which unites them under the same cause with the same principles.
I wouldve been down for that. I liked the OGs more anyway
I never noticed this because I didn’t go in to the palace on rainy days!  That’s super cool
[removed]
    I thought they were side characters that never join the actual team tbh.
The fact that Mona is the best healer, Ryuji is the physical powerhouse, and Ann is the magic powerhouse makes that even easier, as long as you don’t mind Joker being the one on buff/debuff duty (which is honestly a good spot for him given what a wide range of support abilities he can access by himself). They were my party for the non-Royal final boss too.
I played through this game focusing almost entirely on damage, didn't bother with strategy or buffs and debuffs until I ran into Shido who kicked my ass. After that I was forced to reevaluate and I found the only character I could truly change at that point in terms of load out was Joker. So I turned him into a super support to keep everyone buffed and the enemies debuffed. Had Morgana heal every turn and had Ann and Ryuji dealing all the DPS, and that team destroyed Shido and the final boss. It was very satisfying lol, the OG Phantom Thieves are a powerful squad.
Yeah all three have personal stakes in taking down Kamoshida and they bond over it. And you get a lot of interactions with Kamoshida acting like a collosal dick so  you want to give him his comeuppance too.
    Exactly the whole first case has so much build up and charge and little moments that make it the best in my opinion and I think its those little moments of interacting with kamoshida and him being a dick yet your smiling cause your planning revenge is so good and it's the one thing this case has over the other to me.
Kamoshida definitely, but I think the Futaba and Maruki arc aren’t too far behind. 

Kamoshida though was such a grounded story. You know people like him exist everywhere. The other arcs were a bit more out there.
    Futaba’s arc is fun to play, but the Alibaba set up was annoying.

 I understand it’s necessary for her character development and Futaba has some of the best character development in the game, but I get impatient sometimes. Her backstory is really sad though. She spent two whole years thinking she caused her mom to commit suicide. Shido did all this so he could steal Wakaba’s research and continue to kill people that didn’t align with his ambitions. That is just awful. 

I personally like the Niijima arc too.  Best palace and the fact you were actually duping Akechi the entire time he thought he was duping you is great. That reveal was awesome.
I love the game all around in royal my favorite is Maruki's mostly because I empathize with him a lot and it's really hard not to take his deal, where everyone gets to be happy.
    Maruki is basically Yaldabaoth in a lab coat. Oh, look! It’s the final Final boss that managed to secure complete omnipotence by granting the wishes of the ignorant masses! Where have I seen this before? 

When I first played Royal I thought Takuto wanted people to be happy. On my second playthrough I realized he’s a pretentious douchebag that thinks he’s right and everyone else is wrong. 

His word is hard to pass up for some people, but for me that shit is fake and I think it’s downright silly that a human being truly believes he knows what everybody wants. I can’t even figure out what my girlfriend wants for dinner and this guy knows the key to true happiness? He can’t even grant everybody’s wishes which is why you still get requests for mementos in the third semester.

That said I really enjoyed playing the third semester…TWICE!
        See I do a lot of but how would my character feel about x decision.

Also Maruki does want a world free of pain where people can be healthy and happy. Maruki's fally is believing only he can do the impossible and that he would see that through by any means. Also the reason you help people in mementos is because Maruki was not fully integrated into mementos. So it's a choice between a world of happiness, or a world where people can control themselves. Freedom or Happiness. I  always choose against his offer, but I do really like the thoughts and emotions it stirs up.
For me it's the Shido arc
I think I may give the healing edge to Makoto, but I still used Morgana in the final palace
    I didn’t use Makoto much. I preferred morgana because of his trait since I sometimes had joker heal. Morgana carried on >!Shido!< >!Yaldaboath!< and >!Maruki!<

I do have to admit that in strikers tho, I used Sophia much more. Morgana just died too quickly and wasn’t that useful in actual combat
        100% in strikers Sofia was the go to. Morgana was probably my least used character unless I needed wind damage in a boss fight
            Yeah after Alice, I almost never picked him up other than >!the demiurge boss!<
        That’s interesting to hear, because I did the opposite. Sophia was only ever used for Natsume and the final boss for me. Morgana literally never left my party
Not that anyone asked, but i still have the sense memory of that at the time i felt the writing was so strong, impactful that i decided to give gaming a second chance, and formally returned to it as a regular hobby. i’ve been pleased since, not even in the sense of chasing that specific feeling; have been finding myself consistently impressed with the specifically inventive, interactive, deeply empathetic storytelling found only in gaming.
Lmao 20 bucks for a 2 hour game
It's honestly even harder in Strikers. Everyone is so OP and the battle system is crazy fun with all of them, totally changes depending on my mood from day to day.
Riding with Ryuji, Ann and Yusuke has that special feeling for me.
>By the time you get Makoto it kind of loses that.

Honestly if Makoto wasn't in the Thieves I'd be fine with that. She's basically just Mona 2.0 as a healer. 

Futaba brings that nerdy charisma and Haru is a lovable gem. Apparently Hifumi was supposed to be Queen in the original drafts. I would've liked that because of her quieter nature, she'd only interject when she felt the need to. If Makoto was just a social link like Mishima who helped from the sidelines I would've liked her character more. 

A lot of people use the excuse of Nijima Palace wouldn't be as impactful, but literally everything is resistant to nuke so no point in having her in the party anyways.
    Yeah she doesn't do much in that palace but go "Sis..." Because it's the Crow show at that point.

And for the record while it's off topic, I don't dislike Makoto, I just wasn't a fan on how they dumbed everyone down to make her seem so intelligent in her arc. But that's a problem Persona has in general, teammates get the spotlight in their arc and then might as well not be there except for battle once it's done. Futaba is a bit of an exception but Haru gets hit hard with this.
        >I just wasn't a fan on how they dumbed everyone down to make her seem so intelligent in her arc

People keep telling me this, I cannot think of a single actual point in the entire game when this happens
            Maybe when she talks down to the Thieves for "not having a plan" when they've been just fine so far, and then proceeds to suggest a plan that's the exact same thing they've been doing and everybody fawns all over her because she's The Smart One and can do no wrong.
    [https://www.reddit.com/r/Persona5/comments/9ntzkt/this\_is\_the\_creators\_commentary\_on\_hifumi\_togo/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Persona5/comments/9ntzkt/this_is_the_creators_commentary_on_hifumi_togo/)

Incorrect. It was a scrapped design not the character itself.
        >Incorrect

Thank you for correcting me, sharing the correct info, and not being a jackass about it. 

Still, I'd have liked Hifumi as she was as a confidant to replace Makoto as Queen. Would've made a better character dynamic among the Thieves in my opinion.
            Problem is I do not see Hifumi with her situation with her mother being Palace tier material worthy of an arc compared to the Niijima sister drama.

Also there’s the question of what main story arc would Hifumi have if she replaces Makoto. 

We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character loses her flair without someone giving us a POV.
                >We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character

If we are talking about the original Persona 5 and not Royal, then we could've gotten a point of view from Akechi and how he lives his life up until the point of Nijima and Shido palaces. This could've replaced the stupid SIU Director monologues and developed Akechi's character simultaneously. 

For Hifumi's entrance into the plot, I think she should've been a victim of Kaneshiro's scams. Her social link would need some tweaking, like instead of her already being a known Shogi player she would aspire to be like her father who was a pro Shogi player. Maybe she'd have conflict with her mother about it? 

Also if Makoto was like Mishima and was an insider for the Thieves, she could've gotten the file for Futaba.
    There's literally no way of you knowing Hifumi would've been "a better fit" ^^and ^^you're ^^wrong ^^about ^^Makoto ^^anyway
        >There's literally no way of you knowing Hifumi would've been "a better fit" and you're wrong about Makoto anyway

It's just my opinion. I find no use for Makoto in Royal. She's useless in combat unless healing (Fafnir exists in Royal so there's no need for a nuke user in the party) and even then Maria Persona exists and Morgana surprisingly pulls his weight in the final palaces. I guess Makoto is *kind of* useful once she gets Atomic Flare, but that just makes me mad that they didn't give Ann Inferno (yes I know she gets Blazing Hell but I don't have many uses for AoEs) or Haru Psycho Force. 

 Also she was literally a screen time hog from the moment she was introduced. She would've been better as a side confidant and helping the Thieves from the real world like Mishima. 

I don't know if Hifumi would've made a better Queen, however from learning about their character traits/habits I can conclude that Hifumi would've allowed screen time for the other characters due to her reserved nature and only interjecting when she **absolutely** felt the need to. 

Again, this is just my **opinion** as a writer and someone who has played the game multiple times. You don't need to lose your mind.
            I won't say anything about her character but in terms of her ability as a party member, she's literally one of the best.

She's incredibly versatile for most of the game because her stats are so well balanced and her moveset has everything from status effects, physical/magic attacks, AND healing. And by late game she's not too far off from Ann if you give her concentrate or Okumura's will seed. Not only that, as a healer she's low-key better than Morgana because SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT, and for the fact that stuff like salvation is rather overkill and a waste of sp so you're fine with mediarahan or even mediarama tbh.

Also I'm not sure what you mean that there's no need for a nuke user because of Fafnir, that could literally be applied to any of the other party members with their respective elements. We have them because you don't want to waste Joker's turn with an action another party member could do.
                >SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT

Maybe I just have dog shit rng because literally every time I use Makoto, she gets hit with a critical attack (like I will have other characters activate taunting aura and enemies **still** crit her). 

Fafnir hits like a fucking Mack truck and repels physical/gun skills which means I don't need to worry about a critical hit and still compensates for Joker's turn. 

That and I have to create a lineup just to use her. There are quite a few characters that I need to build specific lineups for to get the most use/best combat flow from them. Makoto is the most difficult by far, for me specifically. If I want her to be a healer, I need to have teammates for her to heal. If I want her to be a buff/debuff specialist (which she can't learn Thermopylae so no point in buff imo) it's easier because I have debilitate and I use that skill *a lot.* 

In essence, I have to severely handicap myself just to use Makoto. Personally, I like doing stupid things in P5R for shits and giggles. With Makoto though, it gets to a point where I need to use Ryuji and Yusuke on Conserve SP (no direct commands) then hope that Futaba *doesn't* heal me when I'm trying to use Asterius. It's a pain in the ass even if I don't do that because I have no idea what to do with her on her turns otherwise. 

Normally I only run with three party members instead of four unless I feel like fucking with Baton Pass, fighting Twins/Lavenza/Jose, or a boss fight. My lineup is normally Ann and Haru, however I also really like switching them up with the Royal duo. 

If you enjoy using Makoto, then all power to you. I personally don't have a use for her, so she is useless in my experience.
                    I, uh, don't really know what that first point is about, that's more to do with criticals and can apply to any party member really. No seriously, any party member can get particularly unlucky and be knocked down. What I was referring to was her endurance/defense stat compared to Mona's which is quite high.

That's certainly true that a fully optimized Fafnir is quite the menace. But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys and by this point, you can easily max out any of your personas stats and add stuff like Ali Dance so you're even less likely to get hit. And, in my experience, I didn't use Fafnir all that often. Instead, I either had a strong almighty user or I used Kaguya Picaro.

I'm a bit confused with the rest of this though, Makoto isn't remotely that hard to use. 

Personally, my Makoto build consisted of:

-Atomic Flare
-Mafreidyne
-Mediarama
-Flash Bomb
-Checkmate (although this was just for lols more than anything)
-Evade Psy
-Nuke Boost
-Nuke Amp
-President's Insight

And I had, I think, Sirius Armor and her ultimate gun, Judge of the Dead (which gave an insane +11 to every stat). This was more than enough for every single boss in the game.

All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often and I would get bored always using her. But I also don't think she's nearly as bad as you say, quite the opposite really :P Also...

>!*gasp* ***USELESS?!***!<
                        >But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys

Big thing here was that Fafnir reflects gun. I just have really shit luck with critical hit rates so having a persona that completely protected me was crazy on my first playthrough. Also I love Kaguya Picaro too. I completely stacked mine to deal as much bless damage as possible (highest number I got was 2k per hit on fully charged baton pass). 

I have Judge of the Dead for Makoto as well, however I still have her use the teddy bear hands because I find them hilarious. Silly weapons are my favourite weapons. 

Maybe I find it so difficult to use Makoto because I rely on technicals? Which wouldn't make sense, as nuke is a pretty damn good technical element once you get access the technical adept book and pool. 

I don't think I ever truly built Makoto as I did with the other characters. I'd need to get to Royal on my current playthrough, but I'm a little burned out atm. 

All I remember is that I built Haru to be a sadistic floofy murder machine that smacked Yu Narukami to hell and back. He would've gotten oneshot if he didn't withstand the attack, then I followed up with Kohyru. Twas glorious. 


>All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often

I got this too. I'll try building her like yours and replace a few with jazz club skills once I get back into the swing of Royal. A lot of people were being really toxic because I believed differently. Thank you for not jumping down my throat and actually having a decent conversation with me about it. 😊
            >She's useless in combat unless healing

Putting aside this is blatantly untrue for literally any party member

3 words

Judge of Hell

It literally makes her one of, if not, the moat powerful party members
    No Hifumi wasn’t going to be the party member originally. It was going to be the same type of character. The Hifumi in the game is different than h the Hifumi we would have gotten. Do your research
I wouldn't go that far. 

Each member of the group has their own specialities and fields of smarts according to Gardner's Multiple Intelligence theory. Intelligence comes in many forms than just "book smarts".

There are things Makoto is a complete dumbass in and can't do, that others members can and more qualified for.
I love your viewpoint on this, and would love to see more games where the challenges truly evolved and changed as gameplay progressed, forcing the players to continue to learn the ropes
You mean them having ramen? It was nostalgic but Sophia kinda spoiled that.

My fondest memory of the Founding four was their celebration at the Buffet in the Hotel.
    Mine too! That one was so nice!!!
If you really haven't finished the game avoid this sub like the plague it's full of spoilers
    aha I see.. thank you 🙏🏽
Yes there are more coming, have fun.
    i thought we’re plenty already haha. but the writing is good so they’ll figure it out i guess, thanks 🙏🏽
You're Awesome!
Yep. All the characters I enjoy. And the OG 4 were cool as a group, but Yusuke's arc and joining of the group was when I was like "Alright, yeah, this is my favorite member" and that didn't change the rest of the game hahaha
Ryuji is a fucking beast late game, Charge + Matarukaja, God Hand.
    And he literally carried my team through Futaba’s palace! He kept getting those critical hits that we needed against Anubis and I was just like “THAT’S MY BOY 🥺” lol
That's probably because you had Makoto sometimes being a wet blanket kill joy sometimes.

But it's also that the Thieves became more invested in their work than slice of life stuff which ties into how the group is essentially a haven for them to have a place to belong due to being outcasts as well as escapism from their shitty everyday lives when doing PT work.
completely agree
Totally not a cat.
    As Alex Jones once said “I’m gonna be honest with you, I’m kind of retarded”
That ended up being my main party for the end of the game
Yes! The game gets better and better, but be prepared to read a ton of text.
Absolutely, regular or royal, one of the best jrpgs ever made along with p4g, and ff6-9
I played P5 on my friend's recc (had never even heard of the series before) and I am so madly in love with the entire franchise now. I'm actually finn my first play of Royal now; when I beat the 7th Palace earlier today I got soooo excited realizing that I still have a whole new Palace and extra semester in this version because 122+ hours in I'm nowhere near ready for it to be done 😄
The problem was that both your healers were fragile and one of them was also slow and only able to heal one person at a time. Not to mention that only Joker and Ryuji were any good for melee damage. Mechanically, it was a rough time in the game and really made you rely on Joker more than later parts of the game.

Story and character-wise, it was a great beginning.
Or at the very least let me hug him and tell him he's an essential member of the team
    I will never stop being mad that after he came back from the ship alive I didn’t have a chance to at least tell him I was glad he was all right.
        Nope, Joker would rather ditch his FIRST FRIEND
        The game loves forcing you to be a dick sometimes. It's almost always against Mishima and Morgana. Wtf game devs, I didn't fucking forget Morgana's fatty tuna, DON'T YOU DARE PIN THIS ON ME.
Fr, Ryuji is the real best girl
Oh fuck yeah, that scene made me feel warm all over.
Yusuke kind of got screwed over. When he first joined, he seems like he was going to be the smart one of the group, but Makoto joined almost immediately after and he just didn’t have much left to offer beyond quirkiness then.
Yes, Makoto and Haru are like best friends by endgame
Well, apart from Yusuke and Futaba, Makoto and Haru a couple times, not really.
Still not sure why he goes to a different school. It's not really relevant to anything and it only forces the plot to change so they can be together like with the Hawaii vacation
    I'd say it's so they didn't have to introduce him earlier in the game and start his development when it's supposed to be the main 4 first but there's haru at shujin and they don't use her early on anyways:/
dude yusuke is the worst like dont hate him but hes like that one friend we diddnt invite but still showed up
    I mean Yusuke is my favorite, he feels like a weirdo the phantom thieves adopted into their friend group and they eventually just get along with
    Yusuke's a lovely guy. A bit weird and eccentric, sure. But every group needs flavour.
    Factual
What made you hate him?
    First impression I got from him was that he is arrogant, which incidentally I hate people like that. Around about the time he awakens his persona did I start softening up
        I think Persona games in general take a bit of warming up, I've played 5,4,3 so far and in each my initial response to the game was "eh it's ok" but by the time I'm 10 hours in I start to get really into it.
        Ah gotcha.
He's our precious lobster guy
True, I felt the same. Maybe it's because they share a common origin story, revolving around Kamoshida's Palace for each of the four of them, while the other Phantom Thieves are more like individual additions.
    I was actually thinking the same thing, the og four are so organically brought together by kamoshidas palace and the fact that Ann and ryuji already sorta knew eachother was also a plus.
        Yeah, I agree. Kamoshida's Palace takedown has a much bigger emotional buildup compared to the next ones because we have four different characters all bonding with each other without a clear idea of what is going to happen to them. They only know they have a common short-term goal.

Subsequent palaces have their own addition to the team, but each of the new thief bonds instead with an already formed group which has already acquired a strong identity and long-term goals. Plus the reason behind the team helping each addition is simply to get more famous while doing something good, which is way less emotionally fulfilling than the prospect of taking down a common enemy.

Edit: spelling.
Mechanics keep on COMIIIIIING
Happened to me at 80 hours
I thought that until Royal and that third semester.....
    Dude who forgot to max my confidant with Maruki checking in🙃 sooooo after 163 hours I’m doing the whole game again cause I missed that and heard it’s anazing
        Did you have a previous save you can go back a bit to?
            It’s cool though honestly I haven’t minded doin g it again it’s a great game, just started Futaba’s Palace again, taking it slow
                Yeah and they add all kinds of extra ng+ content like new boss fights and answers to questions you couldn't answer the first time around.  Worth playing again for sure
                    Sweeeet I hear the DLC (I assume Kasumi’s) palace is really really good
Same... She came in and just threw the dynamic out of the window.. smh
:D
I think my go to team was Makoto, Ryuji and Yusuke. Mainly because with that team i can have them use marakukaja, matarukaja and masukukaja respectively and effectively be fully buffed all the time if i use them every 3 turns. Also because Makoto is the best healer and can deal heavy magic damage especially if you give her concentrate via the jazz club and Ryuji and Yusuke can deal heavy physical damage and you can get charge to Yusuke via the jazz club too
    Yep. They could've made the 100% trophies more harder to obtain. It was way too easy.
so what? He deserves it.

 r/cuckthecat
Do you still hate her or not? I used to love her but now crawling to dislike she just gets on my nerves a little
I dislike her in p5 because she talked too much. It feels like she is the true leader. But I guess I can’t blame her because since Hifumi no longer a party member, all the lines became hers. But I like her in p5s.
there is one brain cell and it bounces like a windows screensaver between each of them 

( god I love those idiots )
Whoa whoa whoa, don't discount our boy Joker, Morgana constantly goes "heh, I knew you had potential,".
    Joker mainly just guesses correctly
Morgana is that you?
    Morgana is a human! I think..
It's their smoke spot
I wouldn't say dumber, because they don't really do anything dumb in particular. Less directly involved in planning, maybe. But there's still tons of moments when they shine, it's just that they don't do a lot of exposition for the player lol. They're still very emotionally intelligent and supportive characters, I feel a lot of people miss out on that.
    Nah, they definitely seem like the butt of the joke when it comes intelligence. Ryuji is reduced to the dumb jock and Ann is the airhead valley girl type.
        Hmm, I guess I just don't see it, or I didn't think it was that big of a deal, if we're talking about the main storyline. Pretty much every character is the butt of a joke at some point. Ryuji does have a fiery personality and is quick to anger when he feels things are unfair but he reels it back a bit towards the end of the game. And he's supportive and protective of everyone. He insisted they were in the right when helping Haru and gets a cool moment in Shido's palace. He's like the heart of the thieves, if you think about it. I don't recall Ann being like. Super dumb or anything, I find most of her blunders to be funny, personally. She gets good moments relating to other characters, like in Futaba's palace and shows off some of her acting in Shido's. 

Idk, those are just the obvious picks, but a lot of their small moments of support they show to others and Joker stuck out to me. It's like, they're dumbasses but they're not dumb, someone might say.
A great big family. 

Have fun and stay away from spoilers best you can! It's an amazing game.
There can be a lot of spoilers on this sub so be careful. If you want to 100% the game but don't want spoilers, there are spoiler-free 100% guides.
    [removed]
        Bro I wish I could be in your shoes again. Persona is one of those series i absolutely love and wish I could play blind again. See you in a few weeks.
        See you in 100 hrs of gameplay lol
Leave this sub, you WILL be spoiled otherwise, seriously. It's very risky, come join it again when you finish it.
    I finished it, it was incredible, thanks for the warning
        Masterpiece innit. Played it twice myself lol.
A yeah. A racoon
Meowgana
I'd say the Shujin Trio is more fitting especially since Ryuji uses that to describe him, Ren and Ann in P5 Strikers.
Isn't the Royal trio the same?
    Royal trio referes to the early available characters when you infiltrate last palace in Royal which was Joker, Akechi, and Sumire.
        Ah i havent finished the games yet my bad!
What ?
ATLUS was to scared to let you date Ryuji, cuz then no one would pick any other dating option
That would make the game rather stale. There is a reason most rpgs give you your party one by one. You have time to get to know the new members moves and when you het familiar with them the game expands to give you more options. If everyone was unlocked at the start they would have to have a small amount of members which makes it stale really fast or they would have a large group which would be overwhelming for a lot of people.
    I meant it more from story perspective not gameplay. They don't have to get powers to summon personas from the get go I just dislike how the characters are relevant for one arc and then kind of forgotten. Haru suffers from that the most.
        The last character you get is usually the least developed. But at least Shinjiro (If you want to count Ken instead at least he joins a bit earlier) and Naoto were in the story prior to joining. Best Haru got was being in the background during certain scenes. Though honestly in the next game I think I would prefer a smaller team, whilst there’s a lot of versatility it does mean some characters get forgotten. I’d be curious what a game with just 4 wild cards may be like, but I’m sure you could break the game pretty quickly with that. (I’m aware of Persona 1 and 2, but I’d be curious about something new with that sort of all wild card style)
            Persona doesn't need to make the excuse of "bigger team for more variety of skills" when you already have a system like skill cards in place. 

Give us 5 actual party members including the MC that we can set up how we need, MC gets new personas but party members can have skill level ups, and skill card changes.  That way every character always has relevance and development outside of their Social links and respective dungeons.
...The one per dungeon way is kinda what Persona has always done. I wouldn't hold my breath for it to change. Basically, it lets them establish a group dynamic with only a couple of characters, and then piece the new character into the dynamic, rather than just starting off trying to figure out how 8 people interact with each other
    I mean more in the fashion that p3 did, Mitsuru and Akihiko were relevant in story from the start of the game. I don't mind not having them in the dungeon from the start.
What would they do for hours lol fight nameless enemies with the same 4 people? Just go play smt lol
    Yeah that would be stupid.... -As i fight with the same party the entire game after getting makoto and haur- >.>
Here's a joke! What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to?
Lonely
Bitch
    Me or the cat?
        You 😠
            At least you're honest
            Fuck that cat 😹
                on god
                Please don’t fuck cats.
Lol
    As much as Ryuji is a sweetheart the other two persona boys caught my heart
        Yea, akechi just is so fruity with joker, did you see the way they acted with eachother in the p5r into? Yusuke is just charming in general, has one of the best confidant stories
finally someone else agrees about futaba lol, i think shes a well written character but goddamn is she annoying. have you played royal? i think the new royal arc meets and exceeds the kamoshida one but apart from that i agree
**THANK YOU**
I like Makoto, but she absolutely did. She took over as the brains of the operation from Morgana, and also took alot of focus away from Ann that she never gets back as more characters get introduced. Makoto is so useful it fucked things up by adding her to the party so early.

Naoto in 4 is the example of doing it right, because she is so immediately significant in helping the team plan their next steps, but is also the very last member so she doesn't overshadow anybody else. Naoto feels like the last piece needed to get to the ending while Makoto is around so long she starts to feel like the leader and you're her assistant.
    Which made no sense. There’s no reason why she should take up Navigator lines from Futaba lines and be better than Morgana in the meta verse.
You are a brave one, but yes I do feel you are slightly right. 

The quick-fire way that they introduce Palaces and characters after Yusuke does make things seem slightly more forced. I do wonder how things would have gone had they lengthened the times before you are given the deadline and shortened the time that you get to run through each palace and give more time to expanding the characters they introduce as well as the villians that lead the Palaces
lol, no. I've heard a lot of """complaints""" over the years but this is my first encounter with this

In what way? She wasn't even the next party member after these 4
I will say, while royal is a masterpiece, 5 is still a glorious game. It’s a little more challenging but that adds some unique charm. Royal is almost too easy 😅
I mean they have done this for a while. Base game the expanded version. Persona 3 and FES on PS2. Persona 4 on PS2 and Persona 4: Golden on PS Vita and PC. Now Persona 5 and Persona 5 Royal on PS4. 

This is not a new thing for them in anyway at all.
And for PC.
Persona 5 Royal is the best in my opinion.
i love how on the p5 subreddit you get downvoted for not liking some characters lmao
    Considering half the people here haven't even played the game, I couldn't care less lmao.
        If you like P5, you should definitely find a way to play P5R. Especially if it's been a long time.

Playing P5R three years after P5 was an incredible experience for me!
Yusuke has always felt like the odd man out to me
same
I was fine with Morgana until he decided to go rogue for a bit.  That part annoyed me since it felt forced.  Ever since then, I would never use him in my parties, haha.
Makoto will always be best girl but even I loved the OG dynamic.
    I didnt even know the game continued after Kamoshida when I started. I started to dislike makoto because of her treatment of the OGs... then her part came around and my opinion completely flipped after finding out why she was like that. I only don't really miss the OG dynamic because the newer characters I've tended to like more, besides Akechi. Fuck him
        Haha! Fuck Akechi too but 3rd semester Akechi is awesome. He was fantastic contrast to the PT and I loved his arc. Made me sad and shit. 



And yeah, I get what you mean. Shit, my favs are straight up Makoto, Haru, Yusuke, and Futaba but only by the tiniest of margins.
            My favorites are, besides Joker, who is my #2, Makoto Futaba and Morgana, the only character I dont like all too much is Yusuke but I dont dislike him
                Oh hell yeah bud, love seeing Morgana love on this sub.
                    I love cats a lot, so just by that alone I like him
Breathe homie. Punctuation is important. Im out of breath just reading this silently.
Did you even play the game?
     no i just say something random in a random post
        Makes more sense now.
Based coment, I do not agree with you at all but is your opinion after all. Its Hilarious look the lot of people tilted and trying shut people just for a game lol.
    Thank you I think they mad because they saw or  think that I hate females character or just because I insulted their waifu
This is why we should abolish opinions
    If you abolish opinions then what the point of the comment and the post to exist
4 real?
What
    Probably an unpopular opinion but I feel like he's annoying, gets the group into more trouble then they should, and is kinda a creep
        Glad I'm not the only one that thought this, any time an option came up to throw some shade at him I would always choose it.
        THANK YOU. God, I’ve stated this so much when it comes to people’s twisted love affair with Ryuji and they’re just like “you’re a hater”.

Like, listen- I have an abrasive and vulgar personality like Ryuji. Doesn’t mean I fucking have to like it.
I get it. I don’t hate him personally but he definitely tows that line for me between annoying and endearing. He’s definitely bottom tier for me though

Edit: autocorrect
P3 cast felt like coworkers, P4 cast felt like genuine, life long friends, P5 cast felt like college pals who will have little to do with each other in 10 years
I found Ann pretty damn useful because of her super high magic stat and it was just fun to use Ryuji to get high ass physical damage numbers. Morgana outlives his usefulness real fast (for me it was Futaba palace for the first playthrough when I dumped him). Yusuke fits in real well with ice skills (at least I have super good luck with freeze ailment). I find Makoto pretty useless cuz my nuke Persona does *so* much more damage than her. 

Also why is no one mentioning best girl Haru? This girl literally allows Joker to be the true jack of all trades with crits and technicals. Joker's job is supposed to be the follow up big damage dealer, but until Haru he has to do the majority of technicals and crits. Plus Haru is an absolute gem of a character.
    I meant story useful. Gameplay-wise, they all have their use.

Story wise, Morgana is an info dump and give you thieves tools. Makoto is a tactician, Yusuke makes the calling cards, and Futaba is a computer god.

Ryuji, Ann, and Haru... ? It really felt like a stretch to make any of them useful, anytime they were.
        Ann at least has Sexy Technique and Crocodile Eyes (plus her *flawless* acting skills). 

Haru really shines in Strikers, especially when she single handedly intimidated Zenkichi who's a seasoned cop. 

Ryuji was supposed to be the "buff body guard" type, but I kinda put Haru in that spot because she scares *everyone*.
            Hey, check it out! This comment contains every letter in the English alphabet.
                        

I have checked 433688 comments and 1844 of them contain every letter in the English alphabet.
            We're talking about the main game, not Strikers, so Haru still has nothing. 

Ryuji you admit is irrelevant.

And what you described for Ann is more gameplay. 

Story wise, those 3 don't contribute anything until the writers bend over backwards to make them relevant.
Mona as a character is supposed be kinda a know it all like makoto but with out the charm. Hes overcompensating for his lack of memories and lack of purpose outside of this gut feeling. When you get diwn to it he's esentually mewtwo from the first pokemon movie, a brash petty child trying to find his place in the world by alinating others to keep himself at some kind of a distance but rwalizing theres good in people. How they learn this is vastly different but the themes line up pretty well.
The cat is a fucking disgrace. Telling me when to go to bed. Pfft, should be watching some DVDs.
Yeah the final arc of Royal is my favorite arc in Persona 5 and one of my favorite arcs in all of persona for a number of reasons. But the Kamoshida arc is just, different, then the others.
Well, why should someone have a strong power of rebellion in their heart if their life was easy?
Royal is just a extremely better version than the original so u can easily start with that
    Okay cool thanks guys
        Ur welcome
Royal is just the base game with more content, def play royal
Definitely Royal. There’s nothing the original has that Royal doesn’t (except maybe the better Takemi VA but I can live with Abby Trott)
If you're planning on doing both at some point then original first
    Idk why you’re being downvoted, you’re not wrong. Playing Royal and then the original would probably ruin the original for you. That being said, there’s no real reason to play the original now that Royal is out and on sale frequently
Well I mean it's not like they're all fighting for same reason, everyone else after getting their personas knew about them being the Phantom Thieves so might as well bring them along
    And it’s not as if any new member was brought along with the idea “oh this will be a new member of our team.” They were basically all blackmailing the PT, stumbled into the meta verse, and then discovered their own personas.
I heard they also got tired during the explorations and if you didn’t swap them out or leave, they wouldn’t able to be used for a couple days
    they do, but that was removed in p3p
        They wouldn't be unavailable in P3P unless it was because fatigue.
    The fatigue mechanic. Even the player could get sick and too tired to do Tartaraus.
        I personally think the fatigue mechanic  and some characters having other things to do, while it was annoying, should’ve stayed. it made the characters feel more real
That's probably going to be hard given how the NEO Hashino Era games emphasis on forming social network bonds to which, my friends are my power for the protagonist and they are established as "leader".

If you're looking for a Persona MC with their own story and flaws then Persona 2's Tatsuya and Maya is the way to go as to this day IMO they are arguably the best protagonists of the series period.
Exactly! And okay, they *did* just go in and beat stuff up before the heist part, so I can understand to a degree. I'd have forgiven this assertion *if* after Makoto joined she helped us infiltrate another way and we started planning our routes more, but we don't, we just continue to bust in and beat stuff up and then not even concoct a heist plan to go along with it! Kaneshiro's Palace arguably had *less* planning than Madarame's did, but the game acts like that heist plan just hadn't happened.
    Yeah the only thing gameplay that changes is Makoto confidant ability of analysing enemies in battle. Which that role can easily be taken over by Morgana, Futaba or actually taken over by Akechi.
>Their bros and nothing will be stronger than that.

\*tears welling up in my eyes as I redownload Royal for the hundredth time\*

I know... It's beautiful...
Technically yeah, but it's something they could've written in to integrate and introduce her to the audience more smoothly.
That sounds interesting, who were the rest of the Palace rulers based off?
Why do you dislike him? (I'm not mad or anything, I'm just curious)
    Oh wow, that was a lot of quick downvotes. In games with ensemble casts, the whole point is that they are able to make lots of diverse characters, and not all of them will be liked by everyone. 

All of the characters in Persona 5 feel really well fleshed out. There basically isn't a single party member or confidant that feels two dimensional. 

That being said, I'm just not a fan of Yusuke. I feel like he's a good character, with a strong personality and everything. I just personally don't like him as much as the other party members.
        I don't mind you not being a fan of Yusuke, but I just gotta say stating that is a big difference and tonal shift from "Yusuke is never welcome." Makes it feel more like you're attacking the character then just saying "eh, not a fan." So I get why fans would respond negatively to that.
            I totally get that. I didn't mean for it to sound quite so strongly against him. 

I just don't have him in my party like ever. I'm still glad he's in the game.
I love Yusuke, and I respect your opinion, but damn all the downvotes? Nahhh
People downvoting over opinion don't know what upvotes and downvotes are actually used for. I agree with you. Wasnt a fan of his character. He reminds me of that one friend we all have but dont really want around. We didnt invite him to our bowling party and he still showed up.
    Lol that's such a mood. 

But that's the power of good character development. Yusuke feels like someone you know in real life, and isn't just a 2d caricature.
        Yea definitely he has character depth and a decent story.

I still don't want him over for my birthday tho
            Oh I'd invite him. 

I just wouldn't leave him alone with my sister.
                "Hey uh...CAN I PAINT YOU NAKED"
Yeah, I feel that. I like how Futaba functions in the story, and she was crucial to actually linking Shido to everything, but what I loved about Persona 4 is they REALLY had to work everything out by hand. They had key evidence turn up organically and figured things out from there. I like Makoto and Futaba a lot, but they are used as plot devices a bit too much. Not too much of an issue, though, since the game had a different focus than 4, but I really didn't enjoy their brilliance just serving as a means for Ryuji or Ann to be put down. Like they were founding members but rarely get treated or respected as such, whereas Yosuke and Chie still serve a big part in 4 late game. They really should have dialed back the cluelessness so the two could function in their fields with more efficacy and initiative, like have Ryuji be like the confident muscle of the team when needed and Ann being a clumsy but effective infiltrator
It gets REAL good but that's only bc it's hardly a ff game to begin with.
    Ff15 was my first Final Fantasy game, I enjoyed it for a good while but just started to lost interest because of the gameplay and the story wasn't that good to me.

However, I can't deny that I love the dynamic between the 4 bros. It mostly kept me going in the first place.
        You didn't like the gameplay? Part part?
            
Sorry I should've clarifyed.

I didn't really find the world and setting that much appealing imo. Some of the side quests, (monster hunts and fetch quests) was boring.

I found the the combat itself became stale after a while playing the game. I don't remember which part exactly in the game I was feeling like this, but I did remember I was pretty much attacking, switching weapons, holding square, and using the teammates attacks. Rinse and repeat. I hated the fact, I was controlling Noctis for the entire game and couldn't switch characters

Now I'm talking about the original FF15(no DLC) , not the Royal Edition. So I'm not sure if some of the issues are tweaked or fixed in that one
                I guess I can see where you're coming from. Imo if it's flashy and works well, I'm good with it. Royal edition just adds some dlc for side episodes, nothing else.
I thought they were side characters that never join the actual team tbh.
Exactly the whole first case has so much build up and charge and little moments that make it the best in my opinion and I think its those little moments of interacting with kamoshida and him being a dick yet your smiling cause your planning revenge is so good and it's the one thing this case has over the other to me.
Futaba’s arc is fun to play, but the Alibaba set up was annoying.

 I understand it’s necessary for her character development and Futaba has some of the best character development in the game, but I get impatient sometimes. Her backstory is really sad though. She spent two whole years thinking she caused her mom to commit suicide. Shido did all this so he could steal Wakaba’s research and continue to kill people that didn’t align with his ambitions. That is just awful. 

I personally like the Niijima arc too.  Best palace and the fact you were actually duping Akechi the entire time he thought he was duping you is great. That reveal was awesome.
Maruki is basically Yaldabaoth in a lab coat. Oh, look! It’s the final Final boss that managed to secure complete omnipotence by granting the wishes of the ignorant masses! Where have I seen this before? 

When I first played Royal I thought Takuto wanted people to be happy. On my second playthrough I realized he’s a pretentious douchebag that thinks he’s right and everyone else is wrong. 

His word is hard to pass up for some people, but for me that shit is fake and I think it’s downright silly that a human being truly believes he knows what everybody wants. I can’t even figure out what my girlfriend wants for dinner and this guy knows the key to true happiness? He can’t even grant everybody’s wishes which is why you still get requests for mementos in the third semester.

That said I really enjoyed playing the third semester…TWICE!
    See I do a lot of but how would my character feel about x decision.

Also Maruki does want a world free of pain where people can be healthy and happy. Maruki's fally is believing only he can do the impossible and that he would see that through by any means. Also the reason you help people in mementos is because Maruki was not fully integrated into mementos. So it's a choice between a world of happiness, or a world where people can control themselves. Freedom or Happiness. I  always choose against his offer, but I do really like the thoughts and emotions it stirs up.
I didn’t use Makoto much. I preferred morgana because of his trait since I sometimes had joker heal. Morgana carried on >!Shido!< >!Yaldaboath!< and >!Maruki!<

I do have to admit that in strikers tho, I used Sophia much more. Morgana just died too quickly and wasn’t that useful in actual combat
    100% in strikers Sofia was the go to. Morgana was probably my least used character unless I needed wind damage in a boss fight
        Yeah after Alice, I almost never picked him up other than >!the demiurge boss!<
    That’s interesting to hear, because I did the opposite. Sophia was only ever used for Natsume and the final boss for me. Morgana literally never left my party
Yeah she doesn't do much in that palace but go "Sis..." Because it's the Crow show at that point.

And for the record while it's off topic, I don't dislike Makoto, I just wasn't a fan on how they dumbed everyone down to make her seem so intelligent in her arc. But that's a problem Persona has in general, teammates get the spotlight in their arc and then might as well not be there except for battle once it's done. Futaba is a bit of an exception but Haru gets hit hard with this.
    >I just wasn't a fan on how they dumbed everyone down to make her seem so intelligent in her arc

People keep telling me this, I cannot think of a single actual point in the entire game when this happens
        Maybe when she talks down to the Thieves for "not having a plan" when they've been just fine so far, and then proceeds to suggest a plan that's the exact same thing they've been doing and everybody fawns all over her because she's The Smart One and can do no wrong.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/Persona5/comments/9ntzkt/this\_is\_the\_creators\_commentary\_on\_hifumi\_togo/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Persona5/comments/9ntzkt/this_is_the_creators_commentary_on_hifumi_togo/)

Incorrect. It was a scrapped design not the character itself.
    >Incorrect

Thank you for correcting me, sharing the correct info, and not being a jackass about it. 

Still, I'd have liked Hifumi as she was as a confidant to replace Makoto as Queen. Would've made a better character dynamic among the Thieves in my opinion.
        Problem is I do not see Hifumi with her situation with her mother being Palace tier material worthy of an arc compared to the Niijima sister drama.

Also there’s the question of what main story arc would Hifumi have if she replaces Makoto. 

We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character loses her flair without someone giving us a POV.
            >We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character

If we are talking about the original Persona 5 and not Royal, then we could've gotten a point of view from Akechi and how he lives his life up until the point of Nijima and Shido palaces. This could've replaced the stupid SIU Director monologues and developed Akechi's character simultaneously. 

For Hifumi's entrance into the plot, I think she should've been a victim of Kaneshiro's scams. Her social link would need some tweaking, like instead of her already being a known Shogi player she would aspire to be like her father who was a pro Shogi player. Maybe she'd have conflict with her mother about it? 

Also if Makoto was like Mishima and was an insider for the Thieves, she could've gotten the file for Futaba.
There's literally no way of you knowing Hifumi would've been "a better fit" ^^and ^^you're ^^wrong ^^about ^^Makoto ^^anyway
    >There's literally no way of you knowing Hifumi would've been "a better fit" and you're wrong about Makoto anyway

It's just my opinion. I find no use for Makoto in Royal. She's useless in combat unless healing (Fafnir exists in Royal so there's no need for a nuke user in the party) and even then Maria Persona exists and Morgana surprisingly pulls his weight in the final palaces. I guess Makoto is *kind of* useful once she gets Atomic Flare, but that just makes me mad that they didn't give Ann Inferno (yes I know she gets Blazing Hell but I don't have many uses for AoEs) or Haru Psycho Force. 

 Also she was literally a screen time hog from the moment she was introduced. She would've been better as a side confidant and helping the Thieves from the real world like Mishima. 

I don't know if Hifumi would've made a better Queen, however from learning about their character traits/habits I can conclude that Hifumi would've allowed screen time for the other characters due to her reserved nature and only interjecting when she **absolutely** felt the need to. 

Again, this is just my **opinion** as a writer and someone who has played the game multiple times. You don't need to lose your mind.
        I won't say anything about her character but in terms of her ability as a party member, she's literally one of the best.

She's incredibly versatile for most of the game because her stats are so well balanced and her moveset has everything from status effects, physical/magic attacks, AND healing. And by late game she's not too far off from Ann if you give her concentrate or Okumura's will seed. Not only that, as a healer she's low-key better than Morgana because SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT, and for the fact that stuff like salvation is rather overkill and a waste of sp so you're fine with mediarahan or even mediarama tbh.

Also I'm not sure what you mean that there's no need for a nuke user because of Fafnir, that could literally be applied to any of the other party members with their respective elements. We have them because you don't want to waste Joker's turn with an action another party member could do.
            >SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT

Maybe I just have dog shit rng because literally every time I use Makoto, she gets hit with a critical attack (like I will have other characters activate taunting aura and enemies **still** crit her). 

Fafnir hits like a fucking Mack truck and repels physical/gun skills which means I don't need to worry about a critical hit and still compensates for Joker's turn. 

That and I have to create a lineup just to use her. There are quite a few characters that I need to build specific lineups for to get the most use/best combat flow from them. Makoto is the most difficult by far, for me specifically. If I want her to be a healer, I need to have teammates for her to heal. If I want her to be a buff/debuff specialist (which she can't learn Thermopylae so no point in buff imo) it's easier because I have debilitate and I use that skill *a lot.* 

In essence, I have to severely handicap myself just to use Makoto. Personally, I like doing stupid things in P5R for shits and giggles. With Makoto though, it gets to a point where I need to use Ryuji and Yusuke on Conserve SP (no direct commands) then hope that Futaba *doesn't* heal me when I'm trying to use Asterius. It's a pain in the ass even if I don't do that because I have no idea what to do with her on her turns otherwise. 

Normally I only run with three party members instead of four unless I feel like fucking with Baton Pass, fighting Twins/Lavenza/Jose, or a boss fight. My lineup is normally Ann and Haru, however I also really like switching them up with the Royal duo. 

If you enjoy using Makoto, then all power to you. I personally don't have a use for her, so she is useless in my experience.
                I, uh, don't really know what that first point is about, that's more to do with criticals and can apply to any party member really. No seriously, any party member can get particularly unlucky and be knocked down. What I was referring to was her endurance/defense stat compared to Mona's which is quite high.

That's certainly true that a fully optimized Fafnir is quite the menace. But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys and by this point, you can easily max out any of your personas stats and add stuff like Ali Dance so you're even less likely to get hit. And, in my experience, I didn't use Fafnir all that often. Instead, I either had a strong almighty user or I used Kaguya Picaro.

I'm a bit confused with the rest of this though, Makoto isn't remotely that hard to use. 

Personally, my Makoto build consisted of:

-Atomic Flare
-Mafreidyne
-Mediarama
-Flash Bomb
-Checkmate (although this was just for lols more than anything)
-Evade Psy
-Nuke Boost
-Nuke Amp
-President's Insight

And I had, I think, Sirius Armor and her ultimate gun, Judge of the Dead (which gave an insane +11 to every stat). This was more than enough for every single boss in the game.

All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often and I would get bored always using her. But I also don't think she's nearly as bad as you say, quite the opposite really :P Also...

>!*gasp* ***USELESS?!***!<
                    >But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys

Big thing here was that Fafnir reflects gun. I just have really shit luck with critical hit rates so having a persona that completely protected me was crazy on my first playthrough. Also I love Kaguya Picaro too. I completely stacked mine to deal as much bless damage as possible (highest number I got was 2k per hit on fully charged baton pass). 

I have Judge of the Dead for Makoto as well, however I still have her use the teddy bear hands because I find them hilarious. Silly weapons are my favourite weapons. 

Maybe I find it so difficult to use Makoto because I rely on technicals? Which wouldn't make sense, as nuke is a pretty damn good technical element once you get access the technical adept book and pool. 

I don't think I ever truly built Makoto as I did with the other characters. I'd need to get to Royal on my current playthrough, but I'm a little burned out atm. 

All I remember is that I built Haru to be a sadistic floofy murder machine that smacked Yu Narukami to hell and back. He would've gotten oneshot if he didn't withstand the attack, then I followed up with Kohyru. Twas glorious. 


>All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often

I got this too. I'll try building her like yours and replace a few with jazz club skills once I get back into the swing of Royal. A lot of people were being really toxic because I believed differently. Thank you for not jumping down my throat and actually having a decent conversation with me about it. 😊
        >She's useless in combat unless healing

Putting aside this is blatantly untrue for literally any party member

3 words

Judge of Hell

It literally makes her one of, if not, the moat powerful party members
No Hifumi wasn’t going to be the party member originally. It was going to be the same type of character. The Hifumi in the game is different than h the Hifumi we would have gotten. Do your research
Mine too! That one was so nice!!!
aha I see.. thank you 🙏🏽
i thought we’re plenty already haha. but the writing is good so they’ll figure it out i guess, thanks 🙏🏽
And he literally carried my team through Futaba’s palace! He kept getting those critical hits that we needed against Anubis and I was just like “THAT’S MY BOY 🥺” lol
As Alex Jones once said “I’m gonna be honest with you, I’m kind of retarded”
I will never stop being mad that after he came back from the ship alive I didn’t have a chance to at least tell him I was glad he was all right.
    Nope, Joker would rather ditch his FIRST FRIEND
    The game loves forcing you to be a dick sometimes. It's almost always against Mishima and Morgana. Wtf game devs, I didn't fucking forget Morgana's fatty tuna, DON'T YOU DARE PIN THIS ON ME.
I'd say it's so they didn't have to introduce him earlier in the game and start his development when it's supposed to be the main 4 first but there's haru at shujin and they don't use her early on anyways:/
I mean Yusuke is my favorite, he feels like a weirdo the phantom thieves adopted into their friend group and they eventually just get along with
Yusuke's a lovely guy. A bit weird and eccentric, sure. But every group needs flavour.
Factual
First impression I got from him was that he is arrogant, which incidentally I hate people like that. Around about the time he awakens his persona did I start softening up
    I think Persona games in general take a bit of warming up, I've played 5,4,3 so far and in each my initial response to the game was "eh it's ok" but by the time I'm 10 hours in I start to get really into it.
    Ah gotcha.
I was actually thinking the same thing, the og four are so organically brought together by kamoshidas palace and the fact that Ann and ryuji already sorta knew eachother was also a plus.
    Yeah, I agree. Kamoshida's Palace takedown has a much bigger emotional buildup compared to the next ones because we have four different characters all bonding with each other without a clear idea of what is going to happen to them. They only know they have a common short-term goal.

Subsequent palaces have their own addition to the team, but each of the new thief bonds instead with an already formed group which has already acquired a strong identity and long-term goals. Plus the reason behind the team helping each addition is simply to get more famous while doing something good, which is way less emotionally fulfilling than the prospect of taking down a common enemy.

Edit: spelling.
Dude who forgot to max my confidant with Maruki checking in🙃 sooooo after 163 hours I’m doing the whole game again cause I missed that and heard it’s anazing
    Did you have a previous save you can go back a bit to?
        It’s cool though honestly I haven’t minded doin g it again it’s a great game, just started Futaba’s Palace again, taking it slow
            Yeah and they add all kinds of extra ng+ content like new boss fights and answers to questions you couldn't answer the first time around.  Worth playing again for sure
                Sweeeet I hear the DLC (I assume Kasumi’s) palace is really really good
Yep. They could've made the 100% trophies more harder to obtain. It was way too easy.
Joker mainly just guesses correctly
Morgana is a human! I think..
Nah, they definitely seem like the butt of the joke when it comes intelligence. Ryuji is reduced to the dumb jock and Ann is the airhead valley girl type.
    Hmm, I guess I just don't see it, or I didn't think it was that big of a deal, if we're talking about the main storyline. Pretty much every character is the butt of a joke at some point. Ryuji does have a fiery personality and is quick to anger when he feels things are unfair but he reels it back a bit towards the end of the game. And he's supportive and protective of everyone. He insisted they were in the right when helping Haru and gets a cool moment in Shido's palace. He's like the heart of the thieves, if you think about it. I don't recall Ann being like. Super dumb or anything, I find most of her blunders to be funny, personally. She gets good moments relating to other characters, like in Futaba's palace and shows off some of her acting in Shido's. 

Idk, those are just the obvious picks, but a lot of their small moments of support they show to others and Joker stuck out to me. It's like, they're dumbasses but they're not dumb, someone might say.
[removed]
    Bro I wish I could be in your shoes again. Persona is one of those series i absolutely love and wish I could play blind again. See you in a few weeks.
    See you in 100 hrs of gameplay lol
I finished it, it was incredible, thanks for the warning
    Masterpiece innit. Played it twice myself lol.
Royal trio referes to the early available characters when you infiltrate last palace in Royal which was Joker, Akechi, and Sumire.
    Ah i havent finished the games yet my bad!
I meant it more from story perspective not gameplay. They don't have to get powers to summon personas from the get go I just dislike how the characters are relevant for one arc and then kind of forgotten. Haru suffers from that the most.
    The last character you get is usually the least developed. But at least Shinjiro (If you want to count Ken instead at least he joins a bit earlier) and Naoto were in the story prior to joining. Best Haru got was being in the background during certain scenes. Though honestly in the next game I think I would prefer a smaller team, whilst there’s a lot of versatility it does mean some characters get forgotten. I’d be curious what a game with just 4 wild cards may be like, but I’m sure you could break the game pretty quickly with that. (I’m aware of Persona 1 and 2, but I’d be curious about something new with that sort of all wild card style)
        Persona doesn't need to make the excuse of "bigger team for more variety of skills" when you already have a system like skill cards in place. 

Give us 5 actual party members including the MC that we can set up how we need, MC gets new personas but party members can have skill level ups, and skill card changes.  That way every character always has relevance and development outside of their Social links and respective dungeons.
I mean more in the fashion that p3 did, Mitsuru and Akihiko were relevant in story from the start of the game. I don't mind not having them in the dungeon from the start.
Yeah that would be stupid.... -As i fight with the same party the entire game after getting makoto and haur- >.>
Me or the cat?
    You 😠
        At least you're honest
        Fuck that cat 😹
            on god
            Please don’t fuck cats.
As much as Ryuji is a sweetheart the other two persona boys caught my heart
    Yea, akechi just is so fruity with joker, did you see the way they acted with eachother in the p5r into? Yusuke is just charming in general, has one of the best confidant stories
Which made no sense. There’s no reason why she should take up Navigator lines from Futaba lines and be better than Morgana in the meta verse.
Considering half the people here haven't even played the game, I couldn't care less lmao.
    If you like P5, you should definitely find a way to play P5R. Especially if it's been a long time.

Playing P5R three years after P5 was an incredible experience for me!
I didnt even know the game continued after Kamoshida when I started. I started to dislike makoto because of her treatment of the OGs... then her part came around and my opinion completely flipped after finding out why she was like that. I only don't really miss the OG dynamic because the newer characters I've tended to like more, besides Akechi. Fuck him
    Haha! Fuck Akechi too but 3rd semester Akechi is awesome. He was fantastic contrast to the PT and I loved his arc. Made me sad and shit. 



And yeah, I get what you mean. Shit, my favs are straight up Makoto, Haru, Yusuke, and Futaba but only by the tiniest of margins.
        My favorites are, besides Joker, who is my #2, Makoto Futaba and Morgana, the only character I dont like all too much is Yusuke but I dont dislike him
            Oh hell yeah bud, love seeing Morgana love on this sub.
                I love cats a lot, so just by that alone I like him
 no i just say something random in a random post
    Makes more sense now.
Thank you I think they mad because they saw or  think that I hate females character or just because I insulted their waifu
If you abolish opinions then what the point of the comment and the post to exist
Probably an unpopular opinion but I feel like he's annoying, gets the group into more trouble then they should, and is kinda a creep
    Glad I'm not the only one that thought this, any time an option came up to throw some shade at him I would always choose it.
    THANK YOU. God, I’ve stated this so much when it comes to people’s twisted love affair with Ryuji and they’re just like “you’re a hater”.

Like, listen- I have an abrasive and vulgar personality like Ryuji. Doesn’t mean I fucking have to like it.
I meant story useful. Gameplay-wise, they all have their use.

Story wise, Morgana is an info dump and give you thieves tools. Makoto is a tactician, Yusuke makes the calling cards, and Futaba is a computer god.

Ryuji, Ann, and Haru... ? It really felt like a stretch to make any of them useful, anytime they were.
    Ann at least has Sexy Technique and Crocodile Eyes (plus her *flawless* acting skills). 

Haru really shines in Strikers, especially when she single handedly intimidated Zenkichi who's a seasoned cop. 

Ryuji was supposed to be the "buff body guard" type, but I kinda put Haru in that spot because she scares *everyone*.
        Hey, check it out! This comment contains every letter in the English alphabet.
                        

I have checked 433688 comments and 1844 of them contain every letter in the English alphabet.
        We're talking about the main game, not Strikers, so Haru still has nothing. 

Ryuji you admit is irrelevant.

And what you described for Ann is more gameplay. 

Story wise, those 3 don't contribute anything until the writers bend over backwards to make them relevant.
Okay cool thanks guys
    Ur welcome
Idk why you’re being downvoted, you’re not wrong. Playing Royal and then the original would probably ruin the original for you. That being said, there’s no real reason to play the original now that Royal is out and on sale frequently
And it’s not as if any new member was brought along with the idea “oh this will be a new member of our team.” They were basically all blackmailing the PT, stumbled into the meta verse, and then discovered their own personas.
they do, but that was removed in p3p
    They wouldn't be unavailable in P3P unless it was because fatigue.
The fatigue mechanic. Even the player could get sick and too tired to do Tartaraus.
    I personally think the fatigue mechanic  and some characters having other things to do, while it was annoying, should’ve stayed. it made the characters feel more real
Yeah the only thing gameplay that changes is Makoto confidant ability of analysing enemies in battle. Which that role can easily be taken over by Morgana, Futaba or actually taken over by Akechi.
Oh wow, that was a lot of quick downvotes. In games with ensemble casts, the whole point is that they are able to make lots of diverse characters, and not all of them will be liked by everyone. 

All of the characters in Persona 5 feel really well fleshed out. There basically isn't a single party member or confidant that feels two dimensional. 

That being said, I'm just not a fan of Yusuke. I feel like he's a good character, with a strong personality and everything. I just personally don't like him as much as the other party members.
    I don't mind you not being a fan of Yusuke, but I just gotta say stating that is a big difference and tonal shift from "Yusuke is never welcome." Makes it feel more like you're attacking the character then just saying "eh, not a fan." So I get why fans would respond negatively to that.
        I totally get that. I didn't mean for it to sound quite so strongly against him. 

I just don't have him in my party like ever. I'm still glad he's in the game.
Lol that's such a mood. 

But that's the power of good character development. Yusuke feels like someone you know in real life, and isn't just a 2d caricature.
    Yea definitely he has character depth and a decent story.

I still don't want him over for my birthday tho
        Oh I'd invite him. 

I just wouldn't leave him alone with my sister.
            "Hey uh...CAN I PAINT YOU NAKED"
Ff15 was my first Final Fantasy game, I enjoyed it for a good while but just started to lost interest because of the gameplay and the story wasn't that good to me.

However, I can't deny that I love the dynamic between the 4 bros. It mostly kept me going in the first place.
    You didn't like the gameplay? Part part?
        
Sorry I should've clarifyed.

I didn't really find the world and setting that much appealing imo. Some of the side quests, (monster hunts and fetch quests) was boring.

I found the the combat itself became stale after a while playing the game. I don't remember which part exactly in the game I was feeling like this, but I did remember I was pretty much attacking, switching weapons, holding square, and using the teammates attacks. Rinse and repeat. I hated the fact, I was controlling Noctis for the entire game and couldn't switch characters

Now I'm talking about the original FF15(no DLC) , not the Royal Edition. So I'm not sure if some of the issues are tweaked or fixed in that one
            I guess I can see where you're coming from. Imo if it's flashy and works well, I'm good with it. Royal edition just adds some dlc for side episodes, nothing else.
See I do a lot of but how would my character feel about x decision.

Also Maruki does want a world free of pain where people can be healthy and happy. Maruki's fally is believing only he can do the impossible and that he would see that through by any means. Also the reason you help people in mementos is because Maruki was not fully integrated into mementos. So it's a choice between a world of happiness, or a world where people can control themselves. Freedom or Happiness. I  always choose against his offer, but I do really like the thoughts and emotions it stirs up.
100% in strikers Sofia was the go to. Morgana was probably my least used character unless I needed wind damage in a boss fight
    Yeah after Alice, I almost never picked him up other than >!the demiurge boss!<
That’s interesting to hear, because I did the opposite. Sophia was only ever used for Natsume and the final boss for me. Morgana literally never left my party
>I just wasn't a fan on how they dumbed everyone down to make her seem so intelligent in her arc

People keep telling me this, I cannot think of a single actual point in the entire game when this happens
    Maybe when she talks down to the Thieves for "not having a plan" when they've been just fine so far, and then proceeds to suggest a plan that's the exact same thing they've been doing and everybody fawns all over her because she's The Smart One and can do no wrong.
>Incorrect

Thank you for correcting me, sharing the correct info, and not being a jackass about it. 

Still, I'd have liked Hifumi as she was as a confidant to replace Makoto as Queen. Would've made a better character dynamic among the Thieves in my opinion.
    Problem is I do not see Hifumi with her situation with her mother being Palace tier material worthy of an arc compared to the Niijima sister drama.

Also there’s the question of what main story arc would Hifumi have if she replaces Makoto. 

We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character loses her flair without someone giving us a POV.
        >We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character

If we are talking about the original Persona 5 and not Royal, then we could've gotten a point of view from Akechi and how he lives his life up until the point of Nijima and Shido palaces. This could've replaced the stupid SIU Director monologues and developed Akechi's character simultaneously. 

For Hifumi's entrance into the plot, I think she should've been a victim of Kaneshiro's scams. Her social link would need some tweaking, like instead of her already being a known Shogi player she would aspire to be like her father who was a pro Shogi player. Maybe she'd have conflict with her mother about it? 

Also if Makoto was like Mishima and was an insider for the Thieves, she could've gotten the file for Futaba.
>There's literally no way of you knowing Hifumi would've been "a better fit" and you're wrong about Makoto anyway

It's just my opinion. I find no use for Makoto in Royal. She's useless in combat unless healing (Fafnir exists in Royal so there's no need for a nuke user in the party) and even then Maria Persona exists and Morgana surprisingly pulls his weight in the final palaces. I guess Makoto is *kind of* useful once she gets Atomic Flare, but that just makes me mad that they didn't give Ann Inferno (yes I know she gets Blazing Hell but I don't have many uses for AoEs) or Haru Psycho Force. 

 Also she was literally a screen time hog from the moment she was introduced. She would've been better as a side confidant and helping the Thieves from the real world like Mishima. 

I don't know if Hifumi would've made a better Queen, however from learning about their character traits/habits I can conclude that Hifumi would've allowed screen time for the other characters due to her reserved nature and only interjecting when she **absolutely** felt the need to. 

Again, this is just my **opinion** as a writer and someone who has played the game multiple times. You don't need to lose your mind.
    I won't say anything about her character but in terms of her ability as a party member, she's literally one of the best.

She's incredibly versatile for most of the game because her stats are so well balanced and her moveset has everything from status effects, physical/magic attacks, AND healing. And by late game she's not too far off from Ann if you give her concentrate or Okumura's will seed. Not only that, as a healer she's low-key better than Morgana because SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT, and for the fact that stuff like salvation is rather overkill and a waste of sp so you're fine with mediarahan or even mediarama tbh.

Also I'm not sure what you mean that there's no need for a nuke user because of Fafnir, that could literally be applied to any of the other party members with their respective elements. We have them because you don't want to waste Joker's turn with an action another party member could do.
        >SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT

Maybe I just have dog shit rng because literally every time I use Makoto, she gets hit with a critical attack (like I will have other characters activate taunting aura and enemies **still** crit her). 

Fafnir hits like a fucking Mack truck and repels physical/gun skills which means I don't need to worry about a critical hit and still compensates for Joker's turn. 

That and I have to create a lineup just to use her. There are quite a few characters that I need to build specific lineups for to get the most use/best combat flow from them. Makoto is the most difficult by far, for me specifically. If I want her to be a healer, I need to have teammates for her to heal. If I want her to be a buff/debuff specialist (which she can't learn Thermopylae so no point in buff imo) it's easier because I have debilitate and I use that skill *a lot.* 

In essence, I have to severely handicap myself just to use Makoto. Personally, I like doing stupid things in P5R for shits and giggles. With Makoto though, it gets to a point where I need to use Ryuji and Yusuke on Conserve SP (no direct commands) then hope that Futaba *doesn't* heal me when I'm trying to use Asterius. It's a pain in the ass even if I don't do that because I have no idea what to do with her on her turns otherwise. 

Normally I only run with three party members instead of four unless I feel like fucking with Baton Pass, fighting Twins/Lavenza/Jose, or a boss fight. My lineup is normally Ann and Haru, however I also really like switching them up with the Royal duo. 

If you enjoy using Makoto, then all power to you. I personally don't have a use for her, so she is useless in my experience.
            I, uh, don't really know what that first point is about, that's more to do with criticals and can apply to any party member really. No seriously, any party member can get particularly unlucky and be knocked down. What I was referring to was her endurance/defense stat compared to Mona's which is quite high.

That's certainly true that a fully optimized Fafnir is quite the menace. But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys and by this point, you can easily max out any of your personas stats and add stuff like Ali Dance so you're even less likely to get hit. And, in my experience, I didn't use Fafnir all that often. Instead, I either had a strong almighty user or I used Kaguya Picaro.

I'm a bit confused with the rest of this though, Makoto isn't remotely that hard to use. 

Personally, my Makoto build consisted of:

-Atomic Flare
-Mafreidyne
-Mediarama
-Flash Bomb
-Checkmate (although this was just for lols more than anything)
-Evade Psy
-Nuke Boost
-Nuke Amp
-President's Insight

And I had, I think, Sirius Armor and her ultimate gun, Judge of the Dead (which gave an insane +11 to every stat). This was more than enough for every single boss in the game.

All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often and I would get bored always using her. But I also don't think she's nearly as bad as you say, quite the opposite really :P Also...

>!*gasp* ***USELESS?!***!<
                >But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys

Big thing here was that Fafnir reflects gun. I just have really shit luck with critical hit rates so having a persona that completely protected me was crazy on my first playthrough. Also I love Kaguya Picaro too. I completely stacked mine to deal as much bless damage as possible (highest number I got was 2k per hit on fully charged baton pass). 

I have Judge of the Dead for Makoto as well, however I still have her use the teddy bear hands because I find them hilarious. Silly weapons are my favourite weapons. 

Maybe I find it so difficult to use Makoto because I rely on technicals? Which wouldn't make sense, as nuke is a pretty damn good technical element once you get access the technical adept book and pool. 

I don't think I ever truly built Makoto as I did with the other characters. I'd need to get to Royal on my current playthrough, but I'm a little burned out atm. 

All I remember is that I built Haru to be a sadistic floofy murder machine that smacked Yu Narukami to hell and back. He would've gotten oneshot if he didn't withstand the attack, then I followed up with Kohyru. Twas glorious. 


>All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often

I got this too. I'll try building her like yours and replace a few with jazz club skills once I get back into the swing of Royal. A lot of people were being really toxic because I believed differently. Thank you for not jumping down my throat and actually having a decent conversation with me about it. 😊
    >She's useless in combat unless healing

Putting aside this is blatantly untrue for literally any party member

3 words

Judge of Hell

It literally makes her one of, if not, the moat powerful party members
Nope, Joker would rather ditch his FIRST FRIEND
The game loves forcing you to be a dick sometimes. It's almost always against Mishima and Morgana. Wtf game devs, I didn't fucking forget Morgana's fatty tuna, DON'T YOU DARE PIN THIS ON ME.
I think Persona games in general take a bit of warming up, I've played 5,4,3 so far and in each my initial response to the game was "eh it's ok" but by the time I'm 10 hours in I start to get really into it.
Ah gotcha.
Yeah, I agree. Kamoshida's Palace takedown has a much bigger emotional buildup compared to the next ones because we have four different characters all bonding with each other without a clear idea of what is going to happen to them. They only know they have a common short-term goal.

Subsequent palaces have their own addition to the team, but each of the new thief bonds instead with an already formed group which has already acquired a strong identity and long-term goals. Plus the reason behind the team helping each addition is simply to get more famous while doing something good, which is way less emotionally fulfilling than the prospect of taking down a common enemy.

Edit: spelling.
Did you have a previous save you can go back a bit to?
    It’s cool though honestly I haven’t minded doin g it again it’s a great game, just started Futaba’s Palace again, taking it slow
        Yeah and they add all kinds of extra ng+ content like new boss fights and answers to questions you couldn't answer the first time around.  Worth playing again for sure
            Sweeeet I hear the DLC (I assume Kasumi’s) palace is really really good
Hmm, I guess I just don't see it, or I didn't think it was that big of a deal, if we're talking about the main storyline. Pretty much every character is the butt of a joke at some point. Ryuji does have a fiery personality and is quick to anger when he feels things are unfair but he reels it back a bit towards the end of the game. And he's supportive and protective of everyone. He insisted they were in the right when helping Haru and gets a cool moment in Shido's palace. He's like the heart of the thieves, if you think about it. I don't recall Ann being like. Super dumb or anything, I find most of her blunders to be funny, personally. She gets good moments relating to other characters, like in Futaba's palace and shows off some of her acting in Shido's. 

Idk, those are just the obvious picks, but a lot of their small moments of support they show to others and Joker stuck out to me. It's like, they're dumbasses but they're not dumb, someone might say.
Bro I wish I could be in your shoes again. Persona is one of those series i absolutely love and wish I could play blind again. See you in a few weeks.
See you in 100 hrs of gameplay lol
Masterpiece innit. Played it twice myself lol.
Ah i havent finished the games yet my bad!
The last character you get is usually the least developed. But at least Shinjiro (If you want to count Ken instead at least he joins a bit earlier) and Naoto were in the story prior to joining. Best Haru got was being in the background during certain scenes. Though honestly in the next game I think I would prefer a smaller team, whilst there’s a lot of versatility it does mean some characters get forgotten. I’d be curious what a game with just 4 wild cards may be like, but I’m sure you could break the game pretty quickly with that. (I’m aware of Persona 1 and 2, but I’d be curious about something new with that sort of all wild card style)
    Persona doesn't need to make the excuse of "bigger team for more variety of skills" when you already have a system like skill cards in place. 

Give us 5 actual party members including the MC that we can set up how we need, MC gets new personas but party members can have skill level ups, and skill card changes.  That way every character always has relevance and development outside of their Social links and respective dungeons.
You 😠
    At least you're honest
    Fuck that cat 😹
        on god
        Please don’t fuck cats.
Yea, akechi just is so fruity with joker, did you see the way they acted with eachother in the p5r into? Yusuke is just charming in general, has one of the best confidant stories
If you like P5, you should definitely find a way to play P5R. Especially if it's been a long time.

Playing P5R three years after P5 was an incredible experience for me!
Haha! Fuck Akechi too but 3rd semester Akechi is awesome. He was fantastic contrast to the PT and I loved his arc. Made me sad and shit. 



And yeah, I get what you mean. Shit, my favs are straight up Makoto, Haru, Yusuke, and Futaba but only by the tiniest of margins.
    My favorites are, besides Joker, who is my #2, Makoto Futaba and Morgana, the only character I dont like all too much is Yusuke but I dont dislike him
        Oh hell yeah bud, love seeing Morgana love on this sub.
            I love cats a lot, so just by that alone I like him
Makes more sense now.
Glad I'm not the only one that thought this, any time an option came up to throw some shade at him I would always choose it.
THANK YOU. God, I’ve stated this so much when it comes to people’s twisted love affair with Ryuji and they’re just like “you’re a hater”.

Like, listen- I have an abrasive and vulgar personality like Ryuji. Doesn’t mean I fucking have to like it.
Ann at least has Sexy Technique and Crocodile Eyes (plus her *flawless* acting skills). 

Haru really shines in Strikers, especially when she single handedly intimidated Zenkichi who's a seasoned cop. 

Ryuji was supposed to be the "buff body guard" type, but I kinda put Haru in that spot because she scares *everyone*.
    Hey, check it out! This comment contains every letter in the English alphabet.
                        

I have checked 433688 comments and 1844 of them contain every letter in the English alphabet.
    We're talking about the main game, not Strikers, so Haru still has nothing. 

Ryuji you admit is irrelevant.

And what you described for Ann is more gameplay. 

Story wise, those 3 don't contribute anything until the writers bend over backwards to make them relevant.
Ur welcome
They wouldn't be unavailable in P3P unless it was because fatigue.
I personally think the fatigue mechanic  and some characters having other things to do, while it was annoying, should’ve stayed. it made the characters feel more real
I don't mind you not being a fan of Yusuke, but I just gotta say stating that is a big difference and tonal shift from "Yusuke is never welcome." Makes it feel more like you're attacking the character then just saying "eh, not a fan." So I get why fans would respond negatively to that.
    I totally get that. I didn't mean for it to sound quite so strongly against him. 

I just don't have him in my party like ever. I'm still glad he's in the game.
Yea definitely he has character depth and a decent story.

I still don't want him over for my birthday tho
    Oh I'd invite him. 

I just wouldn't leave him alone with my sister.
        "Hey uh...CAN I PAINT YOU NAKED"
You didn't like the gameplay? Part part?
    
Sorry I should've clarifyed.

I didn't really find the world and setting that much appealing imo. Some of the side quests, (monster hunts and fetch quests) was boring.

I found the the combat itself became stale after a while playing the game. I don't remember which part exactly in the game I was feeling like this, but I did remember I was pretty much attacking, switching weapons, holding square, and using the teammates attacks. Rinse and repeat. I hated the fact, I was controlling Noctis for the entire game and couldn't switch characters

Now I'm talking about the original FF15(no DLC) , not the Royal Edition. So I'm not sure if some of the issues are tweaked or fixed in that one
        I guess I can see where you're coming from. Imo if it's flashy and works well, I'm good with it. Royal edition just adds some dlc for side episodes, nothing else.
Yeah after Alice, I almost never picked him up other than >!the demiurge boss!<
Maybe when she talks down to the Thieves for "not having a plan" when they've been just fine so far, and then proceeds to suggest a plan that's the exact same thing they've been doing and everybody fawns all over her because she's The Smart One and can do no wrong.
Problem is I do not see Hifumi with her situation with her mother being Palace tier material worthy of an arc compared to the Niijima sister drama.

Also there’s the question of what main story arc would Hifumi have if she replaces Makoto. 

We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character loses her flair without someone giving us a POV.
    >We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character

If we are talking about the original Persona 5 and not Royal, then we could've gotten a point of view from Akechi and how he lives his life up until the point of Nijima and Shido palaces. This could've replaced the stupid SIU Director monologues and developed Akechi's character simultaneously. 

For Hifumi's entrance into the plot, I think she should've been a victim of Kaneshiro's scams. Her social link would need some tweaking, like instead of her already being a known Shogi player she would aspire to be like her father who was a pro Shogi player. Maybe she'd have conflict with her mother about it? 

Also if Makoto was like Mishima and was an insider for the Thieves, she could've gotten the file for Futaba.
I won't say anything about her character but in terms of her ability as a party member, she's literally one of the best.

She's incredibly versatile for most of the game because her stats are so well balanced and her moveset has everything from status effects, physical/magic attacks, AND healing. And by late game she's not too far off from Ann if you give her concentrate or Okumura's will seed. Not only that, as a healer she's low-key better than Morgana because SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT, and for the fact that stuff like salvation is rather overkill and a waste of sp so you're fine with mediarahan or even mediarama tbh.

Also I'm not sure what you mean that there's no need for a nuke user because of Fafnir, that could literally be applied to any of the other party members with their respective elements. We have them because you don't want to waste Joker's turn with an action another party member could do.
    >SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT

Maybe I just have dog shit rng because literally every time I use Makoto, she gets hit with a critical attack (like I will have other characters activate taunting aura and enemies **still** crit her). 

Fafnir hits like a fucking Mack truck and repels physical/gun skills which means I don't need to worry about a critical hit and still compensates for Joker's turn. 

That and I have to create a lineup just to use her. There are quite a few characters that I need to build specific lineups for to get the most use/best combat flow from them. Makoto is the most difficult by far, for me specifically. If I want her to be a healer, I need to have teammates for her to heal. If I want her to be a buff/debuff specialist (which she can't learn Thermopylae so no point in buff imo) it's easier because I have debilitate and I use that skill *a lot.* 

In essence, I have to severely handicap myself just to use Makoto. Personally, I like doing stupid things in P5R for shits and giggles. With Makoto though, it gets to a point where I need to use Ryuji and Yusuke on Conserve SP (no direct commands) then hope that Futaba *doesn't* heal me when I'm trying to use Asterius. It's a pain in the ass even if I don't do that because I have no idea what to do with her on her turns otherwise. 

Normally I only run with three party members instead of four unless I feel like fucking with Baton Pass, fighting Twins/Lavenza/Jose, or a boss fight. My lineup is normally Ann and Haru, however I also really like switching them up with the Royal duo. 

If you enjoy using Makoto, then all power to you. I personally don't have a use for her, so she is useless in my experience.
        I, uh, don't really know what that first point is about, that's more to do with criticals and can apply to any party member really. No seriously, any party member can get particularly unlucky and be knocked down. What I was referring to was her endurance/defense stat compared to Mona's which is quite high.

That's certainly true that a fully optimized Fafnir is quite the menace. But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys and by this point, you can easily max out any of your personas stats and add stuff like Ali Dance so you're even less likely to get hit. And, in my experience, I didn't use Fafnir all that often. Instead, I either had a strong almighty user or I used Kaguya Picaro.

I'm a bit confused with the rest of this though, Makoto isn't remotely that hard to use. 

Personally, my Makoto build consisted of:

-Atomic Flare
-Mafreidyne
-Mediarama
-Flash Bomb
-Checkmate (although this was just for lols more than anything)
-Evade Psy
-Nuke Boost
-Nuke Amp
-President's Insight

And I had, I think, Sirius Armor and her ultimate gun, Judge of the Dead (which gave an insane +11 to every stat). This was more than enough for every single boss in the game.

All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often and I would get bored always using her. But I also don't think she's nearly as bad as you say, quite the opposite really :P Also...

>!*gasp* ***USELESS?!***!<
            >But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys

Big thing here was that Fafnir reflects gun. I just have really shit luck with critical hit rates so having a persona that completely protected me was crazy on my first playthrough. Also I love Kaguya Picaro too. I completely stacked mine to deal as much bless damage as possible (highest number I got was 2k per hit on fully charged baton pass). 

I have Judge of the Dead for Makoto as well, however I still have her use the teddy bear hands because I find them hilarious. Silly weapons are my favourite weapons. 

Maybe I find it so difficult to use Makoto because I rely on technicals? Which wouldn't make sense, as nuke is a pretty damn good technical element once you get access the technical adept book and pool. 

I don't think I ever truly built Makoto as I did with the other characters. I'd need to get to Royal on my current playthrough, but I'm a little burned out atm. 

All I remember is that I built Haru to be a sadistic floofy murder machine that smacked Yu Narukami to hell and back. He would've gotten oneshot if he didn't withstand the attack, then I followed up with Kohyru. Twas glorious. 


>All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often

I got this too. I'll try building her like yours and replace a few with jazz club skills once I get back into the swing of Royal. A lot of people were being really toxic because I believed differently. Thank you for not jumping down my throat and actually having a decent conversation with me about it. 😊
>She's useless in combat unless healing

Putting aside this is blatantly untrue for literally any party member

3 words

Judge of Hell

It literally makes her one of, if not, the moat powerful party members
It’s cool though honestly I haven’t minded doin g it again it’s a great game, just started Futaba’s Palace again, taking it slow
    Yeah and they add all kinds of extra ng+ content like new boss fights and answers to questions you couldn't answer the first time around.  Worth playing again for sure
        Sweeeet I hear the DLC (I assume Kasumi’s) palace is really really good
Persona doesn't need to make the excuse of "bigger team for more variety of skills" when you already have a system like skill cards in place. 

Give us 5 actual party members including the MC that we can set up how we need, MC gets new personas but party members can have skill level ups, and skill card changes.  That way every character always has relevance and development outside of their Social links and respective dungeons.
At least you're honest
Fuck that cat 😹
    on god
    Please don’t fuck cats.
My favorites are, besides Joker, who is my #2, Makoto Futaba and Morgana, the only character I dont like all too much is Yusuke but I dont dislike him
    Oh hell yeah bud, love seeing Morgana love on this sub.
        I love cats a lot, so just by that alone I like him
Hey, check it out! This comment contains every letter in the English alphabet.
                        

I have checked 433688 comments and 1844 of them contain every letter in the English alphabet.
We're talking about the main game, not Strikers, so Haru still has nothing. 

Ryuji you admit is irrelevant.

And what you described for Ann is more gameplay. 

Story wise, those 3 don't contribute anything until the writers bend over backwards to make them relevant.
I totally get that. I didn't mean for it to sound quite so strongly against him. 

I just don't have him in my party like ever. I'm still glad he's in the game.
Oh I'd invite him. 

I just wouldn't leave him alone with my sister.
    "Hey uh...CAN I PAINT YOU NAKED"

Sorry I should've clarifyed.

I didn't really find the world and setting that much appealing imo. Some of the side quests, (monster hunts and fetch quests) was boring.

I found the the combat itself became stale after a while playing the game. I don't remember which part exactly in the game I was feeling like this, but I did remember I was pretty much attacking, switching weapons, holding square, and using the teammates attacks. Rinse and repeat. I hated the fact, I was controlling Noctis for the entire game and couldn't switch characters

Now I'm talking about the original FF15(no DLC) , not the Royal Edition. So I'm not sure if some of the issues are tweaked or fixed in that one
    I guess I can see where you're coming from. Imo if it's flashy and works well, I'm good with it. Royal edition just adds some dlc for side episodes, nothing else.
>We lose a plot convenient bridge connection to Sae and as a result Sae’s character

If we are talking about the original Persona 5 and not Royal, then we could've gotten a point of view from Akechi and how he lives his life up until the point of Nijima and Shido palaces. This could've replaced the stupid SIU Director monologues and developed Akechi's character simultaneously. 

For Hifumi's entrance into the plot, I think she should've been a victim of Kaneshiro's scams. Her social link would need some tweaking, like instead of her already being a known Shogi player she would aspire to be like her father who was a pro Shogi player. Maybe she'd have conflict with her mother about it? 

Also if Makoto was like Mishima and was an insider for the Thieves, she could've gotten the file for Futaba.
>SHE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE A HIT

Maybe I just have dog shit rng because literally every time I use Makoto, she gets hit with a critical attack (like I will have other characters activate taunting aura and enemies **still** crit her). 

Fafnir hits like a fucking Mack truck and repels physical/gun skills which means I don't need to worry about a critical hit and still compensates for Joker's turn. 

That and I have to create a lineup just to use her. There are quite a few characters that I need to build specific lineups for to get the most use/best combat flow from them. Makoto is the most difficult by far, for me specifically. If I want her to be a healer, I need to have teammates for her to heal. If I want her to be a buff/debuff specialist (which she can't learn Thermopylae so no point in buff imo) it's easier because I have debilitate and I use that skill *a lot.* 

In essence, I have to severely handicap myself just to use Makoto. Personally, I like doing stupid things in P5R for shits and giggles. With Makoto though, it gets to a point where I need to use Ryuji and Yusuke on Conserve SP (no direct commands) then hope that Futaba *doesn't* heal me when I'm trying to use Asterius. It's a pain in the ass even if I don't do that because I have no idea what to do with her on her turns otherwise. 

Normally I only run with three party members instead of four unless I feel like fucking with Baton Pass, fighting Twins/Lavenza/Jose, or a boss fight. My lineup is normally Ann and Haru, however I also really like switching them up with the Royal duo. 

If you enjoy using Makoto, then all power to you. I personally don't have a use for her, so she is useless in my experience.
    I, uh, don't really know what that first point is about, that's more to do with criticals and can apply to any party member really. No seriously, any party member can get particularly unlucky and be knocked down. What I was referring to was her endurance/defense stat compared to Mona's which is quite high.

That's certainly true that a fully optimized Fafnir is quite the menace. But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys and by this point, you can easily max out any of your personas stats and add stuff like Ali Dance so you're even less likely to get hit. And, in my experience, I didn't use Fafnir all that often. Instead, I either had a strong almighty user or I used Kaguya Picaro.

I'm a bit confused with the rest of this though, Makoto isn't remotely that hard to use. 

Personally, my Makoto build consisted of:

-Atomic Flare
-Mafreidyne
-Mediarama
-Flash Bomb
-Checkmate (although this was just for lols more than anything)
-Evade Psy
-Nuke Boost
-Nuke Amp
-President's Insight

And I had, I think, Sirius Armor and her ultimate gun, Judge of the Dead (which gave an insane +11 to every stat). This was more than enough for every single boss in the game.

All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often and I would get bored always using her. But I also don't think she's nearly as bad as you say, quite the opposite really :P Also...

>!*gasp* ***USELESS?!***!<
        >But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys

Big thing here was that Fafnir reflects gun. I just have really shit luck with critical hit rates so having a persona that completely protected me was crazy on my first playthrough. Also I love Kaguya Picaro too. I completely stacked mine to deal as much bless damage as possible (highest number I got was 2k per hit on fully charged baton pass). 

I have Judge of the Dead for Makoto as well, however I still have her use the teddy bear hands because I find them hilarious. Silly weapons are my favourite weapons. 

Maybe I find it so difficult to use Makoto because I rely on technicals? Which wouldn't make sense, as nuke is a pretty damn good technical element once you get access the technical adept book and pool. 

I don't think I ever truly built Makoto as I did with the other characters. I'd need to get to Royal on my current playthrough, but I'm a little burned out atm. 

All I remember is that I built Haru to be a sadistic floofy murder machine that smacked Yu Narukami to hell and back. He would've gotten oneshot if he didn't withstand the attack, then I followed up with Kohyru. Twas glorious. 


>All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often

I got this too. I'll try building her like yours and replace a few with jazz club skills once I get back into the swing of Royal. A lot of people were being really toxic because I believed differently. Thank you for not jumping down my throat and actually having a decent conversation with me about it. 😊
Yeah and they add all kinds of extra ng+ content like new boss fights and answers to questions you couldn't answer the first time around.  Worth playing again for sure
    Sweeeet I hear the DLC (I assume Kasumi’s) palace is really really good
on god
Please don’t fuck cats.
Oh hell yeah bud, love seeing Morgana love on this sub.
    I love cats a lot, so just by that alone I like him
"Hey uh...CAN I PAINT YOU NAKED"
I guess I can see where you're coming from. Imo if it's flashy and works well, I'm good with it. Royal edition just adds some dlc for side episodes, nothing else.
I, uh, don't really know what that first point is about, that's more to do with criticals and can apply to any party member really. No seriously, any party member can get particularly unlucky and be knocked down. What I was referring to was her endurance/defense stat compared to Mona's which is quite high.

That's certainly true that a fully optimized Fafnir is quite the menace. But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys and by this point, you can easily max out any of your personas stats and add stuff like Ali Dance so you're even less likely to get hit. And, in my experience, I didn't use Fafnir all that often. Instead, I either had a strong almighty user or I used Kaguya Picaro.

I'm a bit confused with the rest of this though, Makoto isn't remotely that hard to use. 

Personally, my Makoto build consisted of:

-Atomic Flare
-Mafreidyne
-Mediarama
-Flash Bomb
-Checkmate (although this was just for lols more than anything)
-Evade Psy
-Nuke Boost
-Nuke Amp
-President's Insight

And I had, I think, Sirius Armor and her ultimate gun, Judge of the Dead (which gave an insane +11 to every stat). This was more than enough for every single boss in the game.

All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often and I would get bored always using her. But I also don't think she's nearly as bad as you say, quite the opposite really :P Also...

>!*gasp* ***USELESS?!***!<
    >But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys

Big thing here was that Fafnir reflects gun. I just have really shit luck with critical hit rates so having a persona that completely protected me was crazy on my first playthrough. Also I love Kaguya Picaro too. I completely stacked mine to deal as much bless damage as possible (highest number I got was 2k per hit on fully charged baton pass). 

I have Judge of the Dead for Makoto as well, however I still have her use the teddy bear hands because I find them hilarious. Silly weapons are my favourite weapons. 

Maybe I find it so difficult to use Makoto because I rely on technicals? Which wouldn't make sense, as nuke is a pretty damn good technical element once you get access the technical adept book and pool. 

I don't think I ever truly built Makoto as I did with the other characters. I'd need to get to Royal on my current playthrough, but I'm a little burned out atm. 

All I remember is that I built Haru to be a sadistic floofy murder machine that smacked Yu Narukami to hell and back. He would've gotten oneshot if he didn't withstand the attack, then I followed up with Kohyru. Twas glorious. 


>All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often

I got this too. I'll try building her like yours and replace a few with jazz club skills once I get back into the swing of Royal. A lot of people were being really toxic because I believed differently. Thank you for not jumping down my throat and actually having a decent conversation with me about it. 😊
Sweeeet I hear the DLC (I assume Kasumi’s) palace is really really good
I love cats a lot, so just by that alone I like him
>But then again, a lot of other personas can at least get reflect phys

Big thing here was that Fafnir reflects gun. I just have really shit luck with critical hit rates so having a persona that completely protected me was crazy on my first playthrough. Also I love Kaguya Picaro too. I completely stacked mine to deal as much bless damage as possible (highest number I got was 2k per hit on fully charged baton pass). 

I have Judge of the Dead for Makoto as well, however I still have her use the teddy bear hands because I find them hilarious. Silly weapons are my favourite weapons. 

Maybe I find it so difficult to use Makoto because I rely on technicals? Which wouldn't make sense, as nuke is a pretty damn good technical element once you get access the technical adept book and pool. 

I don't think I ever truly built Makoto as I did with the other characters. I'd need to get to Royal on my current playthrough, but I'm a little burned out atm. 

All I remember is that I built Haru to be a sadistic floofy murder machine that smacked Yu Narukami to hell and back. He would've gotten oneshot if he didn't withstand the attack, then I followed up with Kohyru. Twas glorious. 


>All this isn't to say Makoto is some perfect party member that you should always be using. Just as you said, I also like switching around the party members often

I got this too. I'll try building her like yours and replace a few with jazz club skills once I get back into the swing of Royal. A lot of people were being really toxic because I believed differently. Thank you for not jumping down my throat and actually having a decent conversation with me about it. 😊
