[[whose your favorite character and why]]





Sojiro because he's the goat! The goat!!!
    SOJIRO IS BEST GIRL. This is the hill I would die on.
Yusuke. In any show, movie, game, etc. I love the crazy weirdo and Yusuke just happens to be that. Anytime he appears, it's a thing of beauty. Hawaii, helping Hifumi shop for an AC unit, helping to find the weirdo at the planetarium, him in church. Has me in tears everytime he asks with such genuine concern if Ann's ass was cracked but also has a sweetness to him like his bond with Futaba and everything involving the painting. Ive said it before and ill continue to say it, whichever waifu I pick is just a beard cause my heart belongs to that beautiful, majestic weirdo
    I’ve never seen him helping Hifumi. To YT I go
        You help her shop for one and he shows up along with the fortune teller
Akechi, because I collect duplicitous murdering anime (and now apparently JRPG) boys.
Hard choice between Akechi and Sumire. Funni murder man + sweet innocent bean = perfect royal experience
    Why do I hear the Three’s Company theme?
“Jokers my favourite character” my brother in Christ YOU are that character
Its hard for me to really pick one really. I love all of the characters. But if I really have to choose one, Akechi
It’s tough, but I’d say Maruki. Not only is his general personality entertaining and engaging, his story and morality is arguably the best in the game. He adds a layer of complexity and narrative intrigue that nobody else can capture through his actions and attitudes.  

Closely tailing him is the duo of Ryuji and Makoto. The former for his ability to shift the narrative perspective to individual character interactions where needed and his infectious personality. The latter for the depth and meaning of her character progression and how well she ties together the wider story.
Akechi easily, not only is he one of the most interesting characters but also has a fantastic presentation. Say what you want about Goro, but Robbie fucking killed that role.


 Akechi also highlights just how bad suffering through mental issues can be alone and why you should seek help when you need it, which is something I can relate to greatly
My favorite Persona 5 character and my favorite Videogame character in general is Morgana.

He is just a great companion.
He talks big but he actully does live up to his own hype fore the most part. He is super useful in story and gameplay. That makes it actully satisfaying to listen to his braging knowing that its true fore the most part. But he is not cocky or overconfident. He had actully the perfect balance between being cautios and careful and being bold and courages. He is careful but can take risks when neccesary.
He is also super apriciattiv of his teammates. Well except to Ryuji.
Often saying things like "We are lucky to have Yusuke." or "I was seriously impressed by that sugestion. I am glad we have her heading ouer operation." or " She will make a priceless addition to ouer team." If he would not be so mean to Ryuji I would say he is arrogant with none of the downsides of being arrogant. Although in truth in turned out he is actully super insecure and not really arrogant. I once read in a fantasy Novel "After a few years of mind reading you will relize that often the most brilliant Dragons are the most insecure." I guess this does not only aplie to dragons. 
I also like how suportive he is of Futaba despite being understandable annoyed by her. He looked after her when she was buying fire works stuff and he pushed Joker to come to her aide when he read she was going alone to Akihabara.
I also like his love fore Ann. I think after they beat Okumura it dawned on him that he has no chance with her, even if he does not quite give up yet. But he wants to make her happy regardless. In Strikers there is a sidequest where Morgana wants to hunt down rare sweets just to make Ann smile. I found that pretty sweet.
I also just enjoyed Morganas characters in day to day live. His comments on class lessons or movies they watch together. I just enjoy having him around.
Now Morgana does loose a few points fore being unnecsary mean to Ryuji and fore his rather nonsensical tempertantrum and some other things. But he scores so high that he still comes out on top.

Gameplay wise, Joker aside, he and Ann where always my best most useful party members over the course of multipple playthroughs.
I know a lot of people prefer Makotto. But I dont. She has her shining moments and yes her groupe defence buff is pretty awsome but looking at the game as a whole I got more use out of Ann and Morgana.
I should mention I only played vanilla P5 and not Royal.
    this is written so lovely, morgana is so much greater than how the general thinks of him and im happy you have the words to express it
Gonna go out on a limb…Yoshida. 20 years ago, he sounded like a mini-Shido (younger politician who abused his position). Then he fell from grace and found his real truth. That motivated him to start again from the ground up. The MC helps him without having to commit hijinks in the Metaverse. Also, I just like his speech in his level 10 event.
    Fair play, I really like Yoshida. I enjoyed his confidant so much. So proud of Joker learning to be a better leader from him. #yoshida4pm
    Yeah and he has a legitimately good political view as its hard to progress the future if the foundation it is upon is shaky because the current system is actively destroying it
    Best confidant in the game
    Based Japanese Bernie Sanders
Ryuji.
My pfp should answer that.

As for why, its simply cuz she's always there and helping, even when literally torn apart she's still helping Joker as much as she can and believes 100% in him that he'll get past any trouble on his way.
Joker. The guy’s too good.
Ann and Sumire best girls imho
Ryuji and Akechi
my favorite character is akechi because i’m a fujoshi and a horrible person. bring on the downvotes
    The first step is admitting you have a problem
        i may be a degenerate, but at least i’m an HONEST degenerate!!!
Sumire Yoshizawa. Really likeable personality and relatable struggles with anxiety and failing to live up to expectations. Wasn't my favorite character through the majority of the game but she was definitely up there. And then, the third semester happened, and it wasn't even a contest. The big reveal is my favorite scene in the game and most of the scenes with her throughout the game foreshadow it which was one of the highlights for me when I replayed the game. Suddenly she went from a likeable but somewhat shallow character (relative to the rest of the cast), to having arguably the most depth of the entire cast. I find her character the most interesting among the cast and her arc among the most inspiring of the cast as well. As amazing as the characters in this game are, this is a no brainer.
Igor
haru.
Akechi and Morgana.
Ryuji, Futaba, and Tora. the first two are just 'cause I guess I see a lot of myself in them

as for Tora I just think he's cool!
Yusuke. I relate to his whole character, plus the fact he lost his mother too.

I know a bunch of them lost their mothers but Yusuke's situation was the most relatable to me.
Futaba a cute little gremlin
Ryuji - clearly the best boy and we relate to each other and has a awesome persona awakening 

Zenkichi and Sophie - two awesome characters with awesome awakenings within strikers tbh I would like them to see Sumire & Akechi and the rest of the phantom thieves in Persona 6 

Akechi,Ichinose and Maruki - clearly of the three best villains within the game, Robbie,Kira and Billy definitely killed it 
The three has went through a lot 

Joker/Ren - he’s a amazing guy and has a awesome persona awakening as well and he’s the leader of the phantom thieves and managed to put the guy who started all this in prison and defeated a god with help of his Persona 

Makoto and Sae - two badass girls within the game 
For Sae - has a badass OSTs when stepping foot into her palace and helped Joker escape the interrogation room and For Makoto - she helped the team to meeting Kaneshiro and stepped into his palace 

Ann - such a badass as well and has a heart to defending her friends like during Kamoshida arc she wanted revenge/admit to his crimes for what he did for Shiho and the others
Ryuji because he’s been your ride or die since day 1. He figures out how to use the metaverse app, the whole Phantom thieves thing was more or less his idea to begin with, his dynamic with Ann is funny and cute, and his personal growth through his confidant is great. 

Oh and he yells “Get wrecked!” Before smacking a shadow with a lead pipe or baseball bat with nails in it or a warhammer

Extremely close second is Bazooka Floof
Takemi because she's a big tiddy goth gf
Sae.   


1) Girl Boss Hot  


2) I really enjoyed her palace, and her motivations being slowly revealed through the course of the story as well as her relationship with Makoto, she makes a great Antagonist Turn Ally, and she eventually becomes a staunch ally of the group.   


I kind of wish we got to see her join the crew in Strikers instead of that other guy. But she's still fun.
Makoto solves most of my problems with P4.
Mikoto, we have similarities.
akira:)
SOJIRO IS BEST GIRL. This is the hill I would die on.
I’ve never seen him helping Hifumi. To YT I go
    You help her shop for one and he shows up along with the fortune teller
Why do I hear the Three’s Company theme?
this is written so lovely, morgana is so much greater than how the general thinks of him and im happy you have the words to express it
Fair play, I really like Yoshida. I enjoyed his confidant so much. So proud of Joker learning to be a better leader from him. #yoshida4pm
Yeah and he has a legitimately good political view as its hard to progress the future if the foundation it is upon is shaky because the current system is actively destroying it
Best confidant in the game
Based Japanese Bernie Sanders
The first step is admitting you have a problem
    i may be a degenerate, but at least i’m an HONEST degenerate!!!
You help her shop for one and he shows up along with the fortune teller
i may be a degenerate, but at least i’m an HONEST degenerate!!!
