[[Alan Wake 2 Wins TIME's Game Of The Year]]





**Times Top 10 Games of 2023:**

1. Alan Wake 2
2. Baldur's Gate 3
3. Spider-Man 2
4. The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom
5. Resident Evil 4 (Remake)
6. Dead Space (Remake)
7. Super Mario Bros. Wonder
8. Star Wars Jedi: Survivor
9. Diablo IV
10. Dredge
    RIP Final Fantasy...
        [removed]
            I agree that Diablo 4 does not deserve to be in the top 10 unfortunately neither does FF16.
                I’d rank FF16 higher than Diablo and Star Wars personally.
                    I would as well, but there are more deserving games like HI-FI Rush or even RPG’s like Sea of Stars than those games
                        Chained Echos constantly being snubbed is a crime. (it came out dec 2022 but typically december titles get pushed into next years lists)
                        Sea of Stars stunk lol
                    Haven't played Star Wars but I would put it ahead of Dead Space too.
                        Why do remakes deserve to be on the list? They should have their own category.
                            I think if it's a ground up remake, it can be considered a new game

A remaster on the other hand shouldn't. Line gets fuzzy around games like Super Mario RPG or Link's Awakening which are remakes, but 1 to 1 remakes which feels more in the realm of remaster.

This and what's considered indies have loose definitions
                            Some remakes are worth it though. Some "remakes" are just glorified remasters.
                                That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
                                    The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
                    I think that’s an issue with those games being in the list, not necessarily that FF16 belongs there.
                yeah, I was so excited for it and for the life of me just could not get into it.  Such a bummer
                naaaah.
                Armored Core VI easily replaces both
                FF16 is for sure better than Jedi.
            Bro the only people I hear talking about Alan wake 2 are news articles mentioning it’s GOTY material. How does that even compare to the literal frenzy that Tears of the kingdom or baldurs gate put the internet into? The list is bogus - D4 even making the list shows that.
                As a huge Zelda fan, Tears is not GOTY. I loved the first 40 hours or so beating the campaign, but the depths becomes a boring collectathon and so does the overworld.

I think they needed more sidequests (not just korok seeds or sign ones) to make it feel more like a real world. I haven't played any of the others but tears definitely has some flaws.
                    That quest where you have to bomb the plateau to empty the dam was cool. I wish there were more “Zelda” esque puzzles like that instead of just more BotW.
                I love D4 and play each season consistently... it doesn't deserve to be in top 10.
            The Diablo 4 campaign was great and flowed well.  They must have never played past that.
                Yeah I don't get why people gloss over the campaign like it doesn't matter to everyone, it most certainly does to reviewers and to the large majority of players who aren't streamers.
                    Loved the campaign and have played it twice with my wife.
                        I enjoyed the campaign too, and season 2 is a apparently big improvement which is when I bought it. Played it for about 50 hours. I don't feel D4 is GOTY category but for the $42 it cost on Steam I got my money worth.
                    I'd say it's one of the most important things considering how many people don't even finish games.  
And not 100% finish, beat the game finish haha.
            [removed]
            I would much rather play D4 than ever touch FF16 again lol
            Diablo 4 was terrible
            They absolutely deserve it thinking people were going to keep playing their game when the first 4 hours is cutscenes.
        I think FF ends weak which is why it is getting snubbed. >!The war drama plot was so good, but once it gets more into your usual FF Ultima stuff it becomes way less interesting. !<
            It was the lack of combat diversity that made me lose interest halfway through.
                I hated how empty the world felt.  When I play an RPG, I want to discover random shit out in the world.... when I wandered off the course in FF16, it just felt like I found the same old little blue shiny dongle that had some random ass item I didn't care about.  I stopped exploring beyond the main quest and then gave up altogether.
                    I wish they would give FF6(FF3 in the US) the FF7 remake treatment.  Also a FFX remake too.  

You are definitely right about losing the sense of discovery in the world.
                    The quests, while being itneresting story wise, were tedious and boring to do. And most of the time the result of the story was "racism bad, look at all of this racism" or "we've got hope and we will make it". Bad combat diversity, bad enemy variety, nothing to explore, a useless crafting system, and so on.  


The game is very much style over substance. It's very pretty, has a good main character and a couple of stellar supporting cast members, so this is enough to make most people think it,s great.
            Even that stuff was really interesting to me.  The actual ending was just garbage, though.  Managed to kill any desire to replay it with the way they wrote that.
            The gameplay is quite bad. Making me run back and forth through the same town to talk to bland NPCs over and over is bad game design. Combat is initially fun but quickly gets repetitive. Characters are mostly bland and not particularly likeable - especially when compared to other entries like ff7.
                Combat ist only repetitive by choice. There are plenty cool combos you can learn to make the fights more interesting. Also IMO most of the characters are great. There just more subdued compared to the flashy characters of FF7.
        FF16 started off great but quickly lost my interest. Stopped playing a bit after beating the guy that has titan powers and haven't had the motivation to keep going.
        Quite average game
        I wouldn't take it too seriously. Alan Wake 2 is a 2nd tier game compared to Baulder's Gate 3. It's not even top 10 GOTY contenders. Cleary TIME was bribed here.
    Questionable list
        I think they purposely have weird choices so the article gets posted more / has more clicks. Already seen it posted twice on reddit.
            The only weird choice on the list is Diablo 4, and that is a mid-tier spicy take at best.
        Sometimes a single entry can invalidate a whole list that was looking solid 80% of the way into it, and that's precisely what Diablo 4's presence does here.

Lies of P, Final Fantasy 16 and Armored Core 6 or good remakes like Mario RPG and Metroid Prime immediately spring to mind. Shit even Starfield deserves mention more than D4 lmao.
            Your mention of Starfield truly encapsulated your entire argument. I went from nodding along in agreement with everything you said to vehemently disagreeing with you. Now, I find myself questioning the validity of everything else you mentioned, all based on a single game.
                That's the beauty of opinions and subjectivity.

I'm taking a bunch of leadership courses right now, and one of the big takeaways is to always put effort into understanding the other person. You need to look inwardly rather than judging them, especially when there's something you disagree on.

I didn't even buy Starfield or D4 because I knew I wasn't going to like them much and figured they'd be kinda flashes in the pan. Just because I was right doesn't mean I'm super smart and don't have some major biases tho. Had some friends play through D4, and they liked it up until the campaign was over. Had another friend who put a shit ton of hours into starfield. I think in any rating system like this, you should be gathering opinions from several diverse people with a variety of tastes. As well, open-mindedness would be a quality I'd be looking for with all my reviewers, and I would like it if they all put some time into every game that made the shortlist.
                Starfield might be a boring beige game, but even then it,s still better then D4. I feel ike starfield has some potential it could rise up too. It's not in my top 10 this year for sure, but it is better then D4
                So much hate for a game lol

Relax dude
                    I dont hate it, it's too bland to have feelings as strong as hate about it.
            [deleted]
                I've sunk hundreds of hours in Dwarf Fortress since December, and there isn't a chance it is going to be on a list from Time.
            Hi-Fi Rush
            >or good remakes 

I don't think remakes should ever be eligible for awards like these. "Awards" being used in the loosest of ways, of course.

I want to see fresh ideas rewarded. Not cash grabs.
                I can respect a good remake. Remaking a classic game with a modern engine, UI, general production value, while remaining faithful to the original concept and game, can be tricky to do. 

But I agree, remaking a game isn't the same as making a new one. And rewarding a game for being the best of 2023 is a bit odd when the game being awarded was made two decades ago.
                    It depends how big the Remake is. Something that big and remade from the ground up deserves a mention. A remaster should never be on a GOTY list however.  


But think about it this way. If a remake is the best game of the year, what does this say about the other games? And RE4R is a special case. RE4 is probably one of the best games ever made. It's quite possible in many people's top 20 or even top 10. It's a rare case.
                    It's like double jeopardy. If a game has already been eligible for GOTY, I don't think a remake should have eligibility again.
                There's a difference between a cash grab and a well done remake. RE4 and Dead Space are amazing remakes. Things like the GTA remastered trilogy and last of us remastered are cash grabs.
                Remakes of movies have been nominated and won prestigious awards in the past, and rightfully so. I don’t see why the same philosophy can’t be applied to video games.
            I enjoyed starfield, it's crazy to me it didn't make the list but some of those other games did. As a hardcore lifelong Diablo fan, Diablo 4 doesn't belong on that list at all
            D4 wasn't that bad. The campaign alone was fantastic and the only reason one would dismiss it is if they played more than 70 hours (which would invalidate spiderman as well, an 8 hour game).
                If you come at it like an avid ARPG player it really isn't more than 10-20 hours. Maybe 2x that if you feel inspired to make a second character. And ARPG campaigns have never been as fun as like Skyrim or something, it isn't exactly what they designed for IMO

I'd almost argue it's like a 9/10 for half the player base and a 4/10 for the other half, and that average should not make a top list of anything. I think I'd even recommend it for a first time ARPG player, but it deserves to be controversial
        Why it looks pretty good to me
    [removed]
        I'm out of the loop. What's the deal with Diablo 4?
            It's fine mostly, doesn't have much of a endgame. The problem is that 2023 has been such an absolutely stacked year for great games that mediocrity like D4 doesn't belong.
                Diablo IV is in the same boat as Starfield as far as giant budget, highly anticipated, kinda disappointing games go.
                    Not sure why you're downvoted. I dropped both games around the same hour mark. I was stupidly hyped for both and both are near the same levels of mediocrity IMO.
                        I think it can be viewed as an unpopular opinion, which is fine. I don't think they are horrible by any means but they lack something present in previous games from the same companies, imo.
            It’s a game that comes from a company that practically invented the ARPG genre yet they missed the mark so heavily in making an actually enjoyable ARPG experience that folk lost their minds. And that’s on top of the game launching wildly unbalanced with core mechanical issues (I.e. resistances being useless). 

Even after months of updates the game is still considered quite stale. It’s like if Ford, one of the biggest vehicle manufacturers and known for their trucks hyped the shit out of their next release and when they revealed it it was the all electric Tesla cybertruck. 

The game feels like it was made within a year, released way too early, and learned nothing from the past 20 years of arpg experience from the company that started it in the first place
                And that's without talking about the numerous and egregious (not so) micro transactions in a $70 **base game**. 

That shit is outrageous.
            Hardcore Diablo fans hate it because of the comparitively shallow skill tree and the end game but the campaign is actually very good, and I think it is obviously a very high production value product for what it is (i.e. for people who have lives outside of playing video games for hours on end).
                100% on the mark here.
                Just curious, what did you enjoy about the campaign? I ended up feeling like there was almost no memorable set pieces and a lot of annoying sequences. 

For reference, if you like ARPG campaigns I highly recommend you checkout Lost Ark, the campaign had insanely fun dungeons while leveling (you can ignore all the side quests and mechanics and endgame grind if you're just in it for the campaign)
                    I played a decent amount of co op so a lot of the "boring" stuff people are talking about didn't bother me that much. I also really really enjoyed the game's soundtrack
                I am not a hardcore Diablo fan and I hated Diablo 4. It did really good at being dark and gritty but they absolutely made it a slog to do so many things.

Respeccing to try something new is such a massive pain in the ass. Doing your tasks in town went from having to only walk like 10 feet and taking 20 seconds to a few minutes of running back and forth. The combat also felt way more boring to me for some reason (possibly because I couldn't swap out skills as easily to keep it fresh).
                    Understand the viewpoint! I played it more as a chill vibing game, partially co-op with a friend and generally had a good time. But yeah, lots of running. I think there's usually a good amount of random stuff to do along your way to the next quest. I also mainly stuck to one build so I didn't care about respec that much
            People on Reddit hate it when in reality it’s a popular game.
                I'm curious why you think it's a pretty popular game? There is nothing I can find that suggests that anywhere. It lost 50% of it's players in 30 days and over 90% in 90 days. It gets bumps in activity for new seasons and then drops back to nothing a week later. The only game I know that crashed and burned harder than D4 is New World.
    Clearly, they made a “most popular and hit games of 2023” list by just looking at google trends.
        How does Alan Wake make that list?  Not saying it doesn't deserve GOTY, it's no where as hyped/popular as other games on the list.
            Recency bias
                Spiderman 2 came out only a week earlier and was arguably more hyped and sold an insane amount of copies compared to Alan Wake 2.
                    Spiderman games dont feel ~~like spiderman~~ like new games because spiderman is older than most of its target audience.
            it's not a popularity list...they think it's the best game this year. how's that strange?
                Gamers really struggle with the concept of opinions and how they can differ from person to person.
                Did you not read the comment they were replying to? The person you replied to brought up Alan Wake 2 as a counter to the person above them saying "clearly, they made a most popular and hit games of 2023 list."
            It's a weird genre, so not massively popular, and it did rather poorly sales wise. It did receive critical acclaim though. 

I don't mind it as much as I mind D4 or remakes being on that list.
            because its the newest release on that list so the hype and engagement/trending topics are mostly around it. i guarantee if they did the same list and bg3 had the hype it still had when it came out in the spring it would be on top.

Time don't care about the actual content. just the clicks.
            It's an incredible game.
        Alan Wake 2 was far from the most popular game of 2023
        Hogwarts Legacy not being here really kills this theory though.
        Clearly they didn’t because who is talking about dead space
    The man who erased his name ending should be top 5 worthy alone.
        True. That ending made me bawl my eyes out.
    A shit list indeed
        Spider-Man 2 took all my friends who played it 4 hours to beat it and not much longer to 100% it
    Diablo IV made the list 😂
    D4 is good but not top 10 good
    Spider Man 2 above TotK is laughable.
    Giving Diablo 4 a spot is... a choice
    Diablo 4 doesn’t deserve shit. and I out 80 hours into it, and I still don’t think it deserves it.
    Had to do a triple take of that list. I was convinced that I saw Diablo 4 next to all those great games.
    Spiderman 2 hype died less than a week post launch. Truly overrated dlc
    Diablo iv? Lol.
    Wtf diablo 4?
    wow 2 remakes in top 10. Games must be amazing these days.
        There's only one new IP in the whole list. It's wild. Sequels and remakes ~~all~~ most of the way down. Dredge is the only game on the list that isn't part of an already existing series.
    i enjoyed dredge, it was fun nice to see others recognize it as well. Alan Wake 2 was amazing, i actually stopped part way through to play Control so i could remember more of the plot points and how they played into AW2's story. Ahti is the best.
    > Diablo IV

Nani?!
    Spider-Man 2 is better than Zelda and Re4 remake? No way. Spider-Man is a great game but it's held back so much by an awful open world and a constant need to slow players down every couple of hours. I feel insane seeing everyone praise it zealously when a core part of it's design is just absolutely awful. 

Alan Wake definitely deserves that top spot though.
        >Spider-Man 2 is better than Zelda and Re4 remake?

I think most people would agree to that, yeah.

>awful open world

I enjoy the open world quite a bit as do many others.

>constant need to slow players down every couple of hours.

What? Do you mean the cutscenes? You know people enjoy the story in video games right?

>I feel insane seeing everyone praise it zealously when a core part of it's design is just absolutely awful.

You just have a different opinion from most people which is fine.
thats such a shit list lol how is D4 even on there
    $$$$$
        If that's the case how did Remedy get their game top of the list?
            Clearly Blizzard paid to be the 9th spot on the list
                There's only ever one explanation to anything, and it's conspiracy and bribery.  Also EA bad.
                Paid
                    True
            Because Time loves Alan Wake, they also showered the original with praise aswell. I think it may have won their game of the 2010’s.
                In which case clearly they it was ranked in the spot they felt it deserved with no payment needed.
                I mean yeah, it's an awesome game
        Not everything has to be a conspiracy lol.
    I thought everyone ‘loved’ Diablo 💀
        From what I've seen there is complaints that there isn't any content after you log 350+ hours
        I mean I do. But I hate talking about it on Reddit because I just get told how much of a blizzard shill I  am for enjoying the game.
        People love Diablo but hate Blizzard
        I mean Diablo 4 IS really good. It’s first season was kind of rough, but it’s 2nd season has been great.
            Same, brother. Let’s enjoy it in peace lol.
            Nooooooo you don’t understand! The game is bad because Reddit told you so!
                The game is bad because Blizzard milks you people for all your worth and you beg them for more.
    D4 is up there Because Reddit is an echo chamber that’s also full of itself
        My diehard Diablo playing friends think it's hot dogshit. The opinion extends far beyond reddit.
            My diehard Diablo playing friends think its the hottest shit yet. The opinion extends far beyond reddit.
                Yea and that's awesome, but implying that the game is considered bad *only* in the 'reddit echo chamber' is ridiculous. Tons of Diablo fans have been disappointed by it. Don't really think that's a controversial take.
                    The selective reasoning about you is so scary. You can say all of that, but not notice that someone is devaluing a game belonging somewhere as the first comment? Saying a list is shit because something you don’t like is on that list is elitist & again echo chamber behavior. Reddit promotes the behavior. People see shit on here & think it’s real outside. It’s not. People like Diablo 4 for a lot and it has a lot of players. Season two has made that even better for them. It’s simple facts. You can listen to the loud minority all you want.
                        r/gaming commenter tries to comprehend that different people will have different opinions about a game challenge [IMPOSSIBLE].

I *KNOW* tons of people like D4. I'm not saying they don't.
                            I explained to you fully on what echo chamber is, you can choose to not understand it. Just admit you can’t handle subjective observations lol
            Your friend is right lol
    D4 is the only questionable thing about the list, and even then it's not insane to think someone really liked it.  List is alright honestly, I'd expect worse from Time.
    It's a great game with critical acclaim, makes perfect sense unless you're living under a fucking rock.
    Because journalists really only play the campaigns of games (and sometimes not even to completion) and the first time through the campaign of d4 was actually pretty good. It just kind of sucks ass after that.
    D4 has good music good atmosphere and good cinematics. The game itself becomes mundane after 70 hours though.
        Finally a sensible take. I thought it was good fun for 50 hours, then yea it gets repetitive less to do in the endgame.
    Because it's a fun game that millions of people enjoy?
Oh yeah, GOTY from the same people who voted Quarry over Elden Ring last year.
    Clearly favourable to more cinematic games then
    Really?
    They need to be banned from giving awards
        God forbid someone doesn't have the same opinion as me.
        [deleted]
            Nah there should be consequences for being this dumb lol
    No shot this is real


Edit: lmao Horizon Forbidden West and The Quarry are higher than ER this is so ass.
        the reddit circlejerk was defeated
    That’s because Alan Wake 2 is Oscar-bait but for video game writers.
Wtf.. I know lies of P and Armored core were both great without having played them, and remnant 2 is severely slept on, I wish more people would check that game out.
    > I know lies of P and Armored core were both great without having played them

Yet if Time had said "We haven't played these, but I know they are great" the comment section would be even angrier than it is now. lol
    I feel remnant 2 was undermarketed
        It looks like just another looter shooter roguelike from what I've seen.
            It’s like destiny meets bloodborne (kinda).

But the effort and love and detail the devs put into this game is crazy. There’s so many side dungeons and secrets you could honestly play through the whole game once and only see about 30% of the content.
                It's really just a Souls-like and nothing like Destiny at all considering loot isn't randomized. But I agree with your other statements about that game.
            My guy, Remnant 2 is basically Elden Ring with guns. It's legit.
            As someone who loves fromsoft and rogue like games I enjoyed it but wouldn’t top 10 it.
            Its literally none of those things. Its a 3rd person shooter souls-like. Tons of unique bosses, weapons, and skills to find. Every world has numerous variations so theres a ton of replayability. Its very good. It also has fully fledged 3-player co-op, which is very rare for the genre.
            That may be what it looks like to you, but it is in no way a looter shooter.
        It came out immediately after baldurs gate, at least that why I haven't tried it yet
        nah.

it was under optimized
    Rem 2 has some issues
        Yeah, it’s definitely a flawed gem. I’ve had a blast since I got it a few weeks ago, but there’s definitely some adjustments that need to be made. The trapper trait and Annilhation in particular need to be reworked.
            Annihilation is one of the bosses that Trapper has the least effect on imo. The arena is pretty big and he takes you back and forth between 2 of them. Also, neutral dodges don’t set Trapper off and most of Annihilation’s attacks are easy to neutral dodge.

Sunken Witch is where Trapper is a huge problem.
    Armored Core is very niche and I would never expect it to make this kind of list
    I tried playing the first one on gamepass and it felt pretty clunky movement-wise. Does the second one improve on that? I thought the story and universe were pretty well done.
        Yes, that was the main complaint from a lot of people in the first one, and they noticeably made it a lot smoother in the 2nd. And now there’s a ton of variety in content.
    Remnant was fun but I think it’d be more fun as a real looter shooter. There weren’t enough drops to make me feel like I was progressing in any meaningful way
    Honestly I keep getting it recommended to me on steam but I just haven’t had that moment of “damn I should really buy that”
        And you never will, lol. I was literally the exact same way, and then my friend bought it for me and him to play together when it was on sale, and I’ve been seriously hooked ever since.
    Armored core was dope but not goty material. Also it being a Fromsoftware modern game I think too many people expected something way above what we got. Hopefully they make an ac7 and expand on everything.
    [deleted]
        I don’t know if I could really say it’s a souls-like though. It’s more of a destiny like looter shooter, in a bloodborne/Elden ring themed universe, with the optional difficulty of a souls-like.
    Theyre not slept on.. they are good games but they clearly dont have their place in the 2023 top 10
D4 in, but no Lies of P, Armored Core 6 or FF16, like WTF

Remakes should honestly be excluded from GOTY nominations
    I think proper remakes are valid. They are basically new games built from the ground up: new engines, new models, new gameplay, etc. Remasters are what shouldn't be considered. And they weren't this year at least.
    Remakes that are built from the ground up have to be allowed IMO, although that should definitely be considered in the assessment. 

For instance you could reimagine a game from the 90’s in a way that completely blows everyone away and has a big impact on the industry, but it’s still technically a remake so would be disqualified by default.

Or you could have a separate category for remakes I guess. But I still think an amazing reimagining of a game should be allowed to be GOTY if it’s that good.
        I don't see why a full remake should be cut from the list, but Spider-Man 2 and Zelda, which reuse the same maps as their last games with few alterations get to stay.

Hell, if anything Spider-Man 2's map is missing the Chrysler building, 1 had it. No amount of extra traffic and building detail gonna make me be fine with that.
        Problem is people use the phase remake for what is mostly a remaster 

A remake to me would be like you said picking an old game and it doesent have to blow away everything but to me would be changing up how it plays . Like let’s say they took fallout 3 and decided they wanted the game to go back to format and make it a top down turn based game like the original 1 and 2 . That to me would be a remake

A remaster which these games should be call is when the game is the same but a new coat of paint was put on it
    Is Lies of P really that good? I have Gamepass and have been meaning to check it out.
        Yea. It is super high quality. Absolutely worth playing
        Almost Bloodborne 2, but from ppl doing soulsborne 1st time, good for theur 1st soulsborne and way better then most.
        It’s good, but not GOTY good imo. Maybe in a less stacked year it would be.
            [deleted]
                I mean plenty of souls players definitely are in it for the gameplay and the bosses, it just so happens fromsoft are really good at level and world design as well on top of that
    Been a gamer for 36 years, since I was five. This is the first time I hear of TIME goty. Is this like the official goty awards or is TIME magazine or what is it?
        It looks like they hired a freelance journalist to write this up.  As for the list itself, I'd assume it's either one of two things:

1)  He unilaterally made a list based on his own preferences and posted it as "Time's list,"  or;

2)  He consulted Time staff who were gamers and created the list based on those conversations. 

I'd lean towards #2 unless other evidence comes to light. It's also laughable at the amount of people here who think there is some larger conspiracy at work.
            >It's also laughable at the amount of people here who think there is some larger conspiracy at work.

just normal internet echo chamber stuff
        Just Time magazine's list. I didn't even know they had one and I played BG1 when it came out.
            IIRC they had some really crap games journalist writing about a game, can’t remember which game it was, might have been D4, either way they too lost all credibility when it comes to games back then. Good for AW2 to get some recognition though!
    You'd think Q4 releases would be excluded from qualifying for any possible nominations for that year as well, make them sit out until next year.
    Armored Core was great for sure, I think 9 or 10 is a solid spot for it

This list is a joke
    Also let's be honest ToK is insanely overrated
    It's a "who bows to the message" contest, it should be desirable to be ignored.
    I’m assuming that this is based off of 1 guys experiences, as is most of these gotys. Might have not played those.
    Interesting list. It's missing Remnant 2 and Phantom Liberty. D4 should be a bit higher. AW2 isn't really a gamey game, but more of a visual novel. Not in my top 10 by any stretch.
        Phantom Liberty is an expansion, it doesn't qualify for *game* of the year.
        You’ve *clearly* never played a visual novel if you think Alan Wake 2 is anything like one.
        Remnant 2 being snubbed on all these lists drives me nuts. It's better than most things that came out this year.
            Yeah leaving Remnant 2 out of top 10 makes zero sense, objectively.
Time Magazine has as much validity ranking video games as IGN does reporting on Benghazi. Just because your medium is dying is no excuse not to stay in your lane.
    [deleted]
        Their singular gaming writer is just a huge Alan Wake fan apparently
            Maybe AW is the author
                I bet it was scratch!
                Chaos ensues
        They ranked it no1 in 2010 over Mass Effect 2, Mario Galaxy 2, Fallout New Vegas, Red Dead Redemption, Halo Reach, and AssCreed Brotherhood(the best one)?

really?
        Alan Wake and Angry Birds are Finnish. They also ranked Fallen Leaves (Finnish) as the best movie of 2023. They're simping us.
        ME2 and SC2 should be 2 and 3 in that list. SC2 was crazy good when it came out. they just never gave a shit to keep up with it.
    Time always covered culture. What about this list hurt your butt so much?
        Exactly. Bunch of gatekeeping dorks getting mad in here.
            Gatekeeping dorks getting mad? On Reddit?!?
        Time has a top TV shows, top movies and top music list.  But because of Diablo at number 9 they need to stay in their lane.
    Time covers a lot of different things. They are a general life magazine. 

Not everyone who gives their rankings needs to be a definitive expert. You can just silence the noise if you disagree, Time will be ok, as will we.
    Because the nominees for The Game Awards are sooooo much better /s.

The only thing that’s really objectionable is Diablo 4, but hating D4 seems to be the domain of loud social media addicts rather than the average player.
        [deleted]
    Their list is OK. Alan Wake is amazing and my GOTY
        As a guy who's been Google searching "Alan Wake 2 news" for the past 13 years, it was 1000% my GotY. 

I'm a bit of a sucker for a good song in a game as well... and The Old Gods of Asgard delivered.
    holy shit thats the most braindead reddit take ive seen in a while
    Personally don't think the list is egregious aside from not having FF16 on it, remakes shouldn't be allowed at all tho
        That remake statement is pretty egregious, but yeah 16 is good. Wpuos have armored core over diablo for me though.
        Final Fantasy 7 remake is basically a completely different game. So something like that I would allow. Just updating the graphics shouldn’t be allowed.
    Who is Ben Ghazi? 

Is he a buttery male?
    I agree about their validity but their medium dying seems like a pretty sound reason to change lanes.
    I think you have a fundamental misunderstanding of what Time magazine is outside of the covers you’ve seen over the years if this is your opinion.
Alan Wake vs Baldur’s Gate is such a tough choice for me. They were both so good. I would have been okay with either winning.
    Is Alan Wake 2 really that good ? I remember loving the first one, back in the day. Now that I have a beast computer coming in the next few days, I'm considering it...
        It’s really that good. One of the best examples of what s sequel should be, improving on the first game in nearly every way

It feels like a culmination of everything Remedy has learned as a studio for the past 20 years
            Can confirm. It's so good I actually want to go back and replay it within instantly finishing it. It's been weeks and I still haven't been able to push that replay feeling away. 

The combat was just amazing. At no point even up to the end I never felt overpowered like most games. Even your most simple Taken can humble you. 

And the music from the game? Oh my god the music. The poets of the Fall/old guards of Asgard did a STELLAR job on that game.
                Dark Ocean Summoning has been living rent free in my head for a few weeks now
                    Hell yeah man between that and Herald of Darkness are amazing enough so I went and checked the Poets of the Falls other work. They have some decent stuff. Dark Disquiet is pretty sick
                    The Old Gods of Asgard are gonna be performing at The Game Awards this year
                Same! New game plus with new story content is coming this month, that’s the only reason I’ve waited
                    Oh holy shit what? New story content? I heard about the new game plus but new content?!
                Fuck bro, I’ve wanted that game since it was announced but this simple summery is making he want to drop them dollars. Hope my 3070 rtx can handle it.
                    My 3070 was ok. It had a moment or two where it kinda took a shit but overall it was a 9/10 attempt out of the card. 

Just go get it man. It's 100% worth the money and you'll support a very obvious Alan wake 3
                        Sweet, done homie.
                            Have fun man. You're gonna love it
                [deleted]
                    That's actually what I was waiting for! I heard about the new game plus feature a while back but having new actual story content sealed the deal. I'm just waiting for the patch to drop.
            is it good if you didn't play the first one?
        I didn't play the first Alan Wake, but I got Alan Wake 2. It may be one of my favorite games of all time? It was an experience.
            Yah it becomes less and less “game” and more experience. Which is great in its own rights, but I could have done without any of Alan’s gameplay. Minus the scene switching which is technically impressive and very well used.

While Baldurs gate 3, was just an amazing everything start to finish, with insane replay value.
                Really? I know Alan's was a bit annoying in the way it mandated wasted resource usage, but I thought it was a masterclass in how to do paranoid horror shooter stuff.

Enemies that are and aren't real but that all look identical until you either spend resources to find out, or they attack you. But even the fake ones can still grab you, making *every single shadow* a threat to the player that appears *dozens* at a time. They all move the same, real or fake, and they all whisper quietly. 

The fact they're all dangerous, impossible to distinguish between real and fake (without resources), *numerous,* and positively paranoia-inducing on top of it all was just awesome. It really showed off Remedy's horror chops and fit perfectly, thematically to Wake's section.
                    I only just started Alan’s combat section but so far I haven’t needed to spend any resources to dispel the “false” shadows. The standard flashlight will make them vanish if you wait a few seconds, no resources needed. Maybe that changes idk.
                I see some people this say this, I feel totally the opposite. For me, Saga was a blank slate character and her gameplay was pretty standard.
                I sometimes feel like I'm the only person in the world that didn't like Baldur's gate.  I think maybe it's because the controls are so janky on PS5?  I don't know, but the game very quickly turned into more work than fun and I really dislike managing inventory.  I made it a few hours in, got the party split up accidentally because i tried to jump somewhere, then just turned it off.
                Ok ty picked up Allan wake 2 and I just don’t like Allan’s gameplay maybe that’s just me
            Did not playing the first game detract from your experience playing the second?  I haven't played the first game, but I am curious about 2.
                I played Control, so that was a strong lore entry point. From there, I just watched the creator recap it all on IGN's YouTube. I feel like it does a good job explaining what you need to know from the first game in general, though.
                    Right on. Control was great. Maybe I'll replay that first and pick up 2 afterwards.
            I enjoyed AW2-squeezed almost 35 hours out of it, but the story made zero sense to me.
                Gotta watch or play Alan Wake 1 and Control for things to make sense.  Alan Wake to kind of get how the darkness worked and how it ties in with his writing (as well as to understood what his wife went through) and Control to understand the FBC side of things and all the bizarre SCP shit they investigate
        One of the best sequels I’ve ever played,  and one of the best Survival Horror games I’ve played.  

It was so good that it completely killed any interest I had in the Silent Hill 2 remake.
            SH2 remake is fighting a hard battle up hill. I may even like Alan Wake 2 more than OG SH2, so good luck, Blooper.   


But we should take this as a good sign, too. When was the last time survival horror fans had competition within the genre that had this kind of conversation? PS2 golden era for horror is a long time ago.
        It is SO good, the first 2 hours feels like Twin Peaks had a baby with x-files, True detective and David Fincher 😅
        I thought it was incredible. I could see it being disappointing if you play it after hearing how good it is just like any game. 

I can also see it not working for a lot of people since it's slow and moody compared to most of the games on the list. You don't even use your weapon for the first hour or two. If you enjoyed the atmosphere of True Detective and enjoy that slow burn, its great.
        I haven’t beaten it yet, but I’m pretty far in, and I’ve already experienced what I assume is the most fun, over-the-top sequence in the game. I was very excited for the game, having played the first one and absolutely loved Control.

I’ve been somewhat disappointed by it, and it does not warrant GOTY to me. The presentation and atmosphere are amazing, but it’s a simple game with several illusory mechanics, like the completely pointless detective board and the profiling function that’s basically just “select all options to proceed.” Both of those are features of the Saga Anderson half of the game, which is also the less visually inventive and generally less compelling half of the game. The Alan Wake half has more interesting mechanics, but I don’t think they’re used as well as they could’ve been.

In some ways I’m happy that it’s part of the GOTY conversation, but at the same time, I think Armored Core 6 is more deserving of a place on these lists than at least a third of the games getting recognized.
        Absolutely, go in as blind as you can though! It's a great survival horror game and has quite the amazing art direction and sound design, and the story is something else!
            Do i need to play the first game to understand it? Or can i play the second game on its own
                You'll appreciate the game a lot more if you've played Alan Wake and Control (the two series are linked). You can enjoy it fine without having done so but you'll likely miss the significance of certain moments and characters.
                That's what I'm doing and it's fine. I'm definitely going to play the first one + DLC's and Control next, though.
        It's honestly excellent. Nothing like the first game at all. 

It's a tough one between that and Baldurs Gate myself.
        Its fucking incredible.
        It's more survival horror than action horror like the first game, and there's a lot more chilling / talking to people. If you like slow, story heavy games with a lot of optional riddles and some amazing world building, you'll love Alan Wake 2. But you won't be running down bad guys in a jeep like the first game.
        I'm playing through it now and honestly it's incredible. Especially having just recently played the first (and Control as well). AW2 has cemented Remedy as a top dev, just releasing bangers.
        it isssss soooooooo good i played it and i never been so impressed with the detail in this game
        It is that good yes. Got flaws, but it get so many things right
        If they increased the amount of enemies by like 2-3x it would have been alot better. Big chunks of it were simply walking around "solving" random things
        Best game I’ve played since Frog Detective 3 finally answered the question of whether or not crime is real.

Joking aside, AW2 is very specific. If you’re into the kind of thing it is — a mixed media narrative video game experience — it’s incredible. If you only love leveling up and getting loot and killing elves or whatever with swords, this won’t hit for you. If you’re expecting fun mechanical gameplay, this isn’t that either. The gameplay is fine and way better than the first one, but it’s not like Control or anything. It’s like if the typical mediocre gameplay from the 2000-2010 survival horror genre just got way more polished.

AW2 was amazing. I would’ve been content with it just being the same mediocre game with a neat story/vibe the first one was if I could just continue the 13-year cliffhanger, but man, Remedy went nuts with this game. It’s like the most creative, most detailed AAA game I’ve ever seen or played. Like, even the little songs in between chapters end up being a narrative device.
        not really.
        It's a passion project that clearly had a lot of love put into it but the game itself is mid and not going to be enjoyed by most.  

The game is over 20 hours long and should be around 10. It's a narrative that would have been more enjoyable to watch than play.
        Alan wake is so good everyone talks about it all the time and it makes front page posts daily.  No wait that’s bg3
            So popular stuff = better? Got it. Taylor Swift is the best artist of all times and CoD & Fifa are the greatest games ever then.
                Dude...  Its not being talked about because its popular, its being talked about because its awesome.
            I've seen pretty even coverage of both since AW2 released to be honest. What does BG3 have to do with whether or not AW2 is good though? Are you of some bizarre belief that for one to be good the other must be bad? It's not pie.
        No it's really not. The gameplay is tedious and slow with frustrating puzzles that get bugged and prevent progression. The combat is absolutely atrocious and outdated. I was very disappointed with the 4 hours I put into it. It's like a really boring episode of the First 48. I'm gonna get downvoted to oblivion for this but Alan Wake 2 is one of the worst games I have ever played. Even the pretty graphics and nods to Control couldn't save this game for me.
        It is good but definitely feels overrated around here.
    For me it’s 100% BG3.
    I want Alan Wake 2, but I refuse to buy from Epic. Maybe I'll just get the PS5 version and stop bitching.
    No, it's easy. For me Baldur's Gate wins. I'm not sure what went wrong for me with Alan Wake II. Max Payne was my favorite game back then, I loved the hell out of Control and thought Quantum Break was amazing too. But there were too many moments in Alan Wake II where I had absolutely no clue what was happening, and I had to Google the story to get a sense of what was going on.

And people keep talking about how amazing it looks, but I don't see it. Some parts of it look really good or really great even, but most scenes are just all drowned in a yellow or red sheen as if they are trying to hide shitty graphics. Control for the most part looks amazing in comparison.

The musical level nails it though and I wish the rest of the game would have been like that.

Admittedly I never played the first Alan Wake, but no idea if I'm the only one in that boat.

I still really enjoyed playing it, but would give it a 7/10 and BGIII a 10/10.
W for dredge tho lmao
Why are people so salty here? LOL

There are so many GOTY awards, who even cares at this point?
    I went in to this thread expect to hear people praise Allan Wake 2, but everyone is just complaining about something that is second to last on the list.  It’s like people have a specific list in their mind and everything that doesn’t completely follow it is complete shit
        And people don’t believe me in this sub when I say Alan wake is under-appreciated (not underrated). Even in a post that you would think should be about Alan wake it’s about something else entirely. When Alan wake 2 was announced there was hardly any posts compared to the other games announced and way less chatter on those posts too. 

That’s why I hope Alan wake 2 wins GOTY so a lot more people, especially the average Joe outside of this sub, can (hopefully) finally acknowledge it
        Being miserable is an addiction
        I dare to say that Alan Wake was an incredible game and deserves every praise it gets
    Because this website thinks Baldur’s Gate 3 is the only game worth playing in the last ten years.
        and that if you like Starfield even a bit, you committed all seven deadly sins hundreds of times all at once
            Nah loved both that list is shit lmfao
        I have a seemingly very unpopular opinion on BG3.  Didn't buy it, so no sweat.
        for me at least, it is lol. it's the game of the decade
[deleted]
This is the sort of list you end up with when a magazine that has nothing to do with gaming makes a list.
    They cover movies, tv, books, and other culture. Why not video games too? Which they have been for many years. It's not that big of a deal. So they included one game that everyone grew to hate within a month, and left off a few games, so what? 9/10 of those games are commonly thought to be the best of the year. Did you want them to make a top 20 list just so they could include your favorites or something?
    Because they have a different opinion than you?
My friend was on the Alan Wake 2 Dev Team at Remedy in Espoo, and she's absolutely over the moon with the positive reception of the game, from both critics and fans. This was the kind of game she wanted to be involved with ever since entering the industry.
    Just curious. Since she is your friend, did she (or can she?) give you free AW2 game?
        She was only given one code, for herself.

Besides, with Epic being the publisher, and it being digital-only for consoles, apparently it's quite locked down on "promo" copies.
They really shouldn't mix up the GotY and the Sponsored lists like this

There is no way in hell (hehe) that Diablo IV can stand shoulder to shoulder with most of that list
    Yeah, I was waiting to buy it but pretty much everyone I’ve talked to who bought it said not worth it. No replay value, beat the main storyline and grinding for gear is just awful. Makes me sad as I played d2 for deep as a kid. Never stopped being fun.
Glad Dead Space Remake is getting some love. Seems like people forgot about it since it was launched so long ago.

As for AW2, it's deserved.
    Dead Space remake got overshadowed almost immediately by Re4 remake, unfortunately. Both were incredible, but Re4 was the bigger game, and that goes a long way with people. DS has actual scares though, and arguably better combat, and it’s got the amazing commitment to immersion it always had.
        I loved Re4 remake, shit I’ve loved all of them so far, re2 was crazy. But I’ve been waiting for DS remake for ages, the scares in that game are so hardcore lol. Happy it just got added to game pass. Silent hill 2 remake, that’s going to be the holy grail.
    Yeah, i’m not a fan of horror elements and usually avoid these kind of games but i am halfway through the game and loving it.
Hmm... I need to play Alan Wake 2 lol.
    Try to watch/play Alan Wake 1 and Control.  The story makes so much more sense and isn't as weird once you've dipped into the universe.
    The atmosphere in it is just incredible.
    You do. It’s true.
        If just for the concert level, that was next level WTF this is amazing. I think it even beat FC3 drug burning scene for the best use of music in a scene.
            It really was a "oh ok, we're really doing this!" type of level. Completely bonkers in the best way possible.
D4 in Top10 hahaha
BG3 is a funner game for sure but AW2 is more of a horror triller movie made into a game. It's 80 percent story/narrative focus and 20 percent game play focus.
I feel it’s rigged
    So you think Alan wake 2’s massive budget includes bribes for time magazines goty list?
        Lmao right? This is a modest game with a modest marketing budget. It didn’t even get a physical release because the margins are so tight on this one; their last major release, despite more mainstream appeal, really underperformed. 

Some people are just delusional with these conspiracy theories.
            It's even funnier to imagine Activision Blizzard paying money to be...checks list...9th. What is the going rate for 9th place? Is that like a ballpark hotdog and the change from the purchase? A warm smile? What does a guy gotta do to buy 9th place around here?!
    Oh no, someone has a different preference than you do :(
Well Alan wake 2 and BG3 are definitely the best of 2023 the rest I'm not so sure about
And Fallen Leaves won Time’s Movie of the Year! The Finnish department of culture must’ve spent all of its tax earnings from these two to rig these… 

Jokes aside, as a Finn, it makes me happy to see Finnish media finally get some recognition.
TIME to not make a game of year list anymore
Shout out to Dredge for being just a good, solid indie game on a list of triple As who probably spent more on advertising than Dredge did on its entire development.
Ah yes I love going to Time magazine for my gaming awards
Absolute garbage list, most likely even paid for.  


Any list that has D4 in the top ten together with BG3, TOTK and Alan Wake 2 is made up as fuck. No way D4 is even Top 30 this year.
    I don’t know about that. Top 10? Definitely not. Top 20? Probably not. But top 30? The game has an enjoyable gameplay loop with average writing and a mediocre end game. It’s a good game that needed to be a bit more fun.
    It’s just a list of the biggest games this year basically. Dredge at 10 is like the bloggers who came up with the list during their coffee walk realized people will know they just listed the biggest games of the year so they threw the only indie game they could think of in at 10.
    Whoever wrote this list for TIME should never be allowed around a keyboard again. Just abysmal overall.
So happy for Alan Wake 2. The game is a masterpiece. As a survival horror fan, getting a polished AAA title is very rare, with only Capcom knocking them out these days (with most the RE games being action focused, still).   


Now back to PS1 style indie horror and South Korean job sim horrors for another 5 years haha.
Let's be honest, this is a completely BS list
Thank god TIME isn't a good source for video games.
Diablo 4 rofl
that's a list of games from 2023
Time is trying to be relevant again.
Should remakes be considered for this though?
Guys come on, are we really pretending to care about how Time rank video games? Like they know fuck all about video games?? XD
[deleted]
    Sold super well and had high ratings when it came out. 

It’s a cash grab sham but that’s now what these awards are about
    Checks out. Pretty much all I've played since June. And Phantom Liberty
Alan Wake II is a game that you will remember playing for the rest of your life even if you don't personally find it amazing, which a lot of people won't because it's such a wild and unique style compared to most big games.
The amount of people who think publishers spend money to bribe goty lists is incredible. I hope you didn’t get that idea from an influencer. Because those are specifically the people publishers have line items to pay.
While I personally enjoyed it quite a bit, I really, really hope Bethesda takes the critical reception to Starfield to heart. It isn't 2011 anymore, fallout 4 in space with little else going on was not even close to enough for a modern top of the line RPG
List might be bad but AW2 deserved it too.
anyone else find Spiderman 2 kind of boring? Like, if you played the first one and Miles Morales, it just feels like more of the same.
    For me it's the 5th title of the batman arkham formula, it's good but the novelty been gone for a while.
In other news, I hear that Connect Four won the best board game of the year award from the American Dental Association.
Good, it was incredible.
Completely unrelated to the awards, how is the Times website such a piece of garbage? On my phone about 30% is taken up by ads.
Since when did TIME do games? And does anybody care?
Lol no Starfield
    Starfield is pretty average.
        Lower than average.
            Average
    Loading screens and bad space combat kept it off the list, would be a guess.
I’m happy that Alan Wake 2 won to be honest. Always been a fan of the first one. Unpopular opinion but Baldur’s Gate wasn’t appealing to me, it’s just not my type of genre
    Understandable I felt the same with with Alan Wake but I can see how it's a good game.
BG3 fans are so mad and I'm here for it
    That fanbase is the getting more toxic by the day... unfortunate for a good game. Honestly slightly worried for Larian's next game, with how high of a pedestal they have been put on. Are the expectations gonna be unreasonable?
    Not many salty BG3 fans that I can see here. But boy howdy, there is ton of people on this thread that are salty with BG3's popularity. Get well soon ya'll.
    I’m fine with AW getting praise, it deserves it. It’s the company the two games are with on the list for me.
    They thought they had a clear path for that GOTY title and can't believe that a game like AW2 is stealing their spot lmao
I question the wisdom of that decision
Remakes should not count imo and ToTK is a lot better than Spiderman 2 PS5
    [deleted]
        Deceptively so. At first it seems very similar, but the new abilities changed almost everything about how you can interact with the world. Then the little changes to the map start to add up. Then you discover the depths, which are incredibly fun to explore and probably the most realized Zelda Dark World. By the end, it makes BotW seem like a demo.
            The Depths are like 90% filler content though, they made it way, way too big for the amount of interesting things there are to do down there
        Spiderman 2 is a great game and I understand anyone who personally liked it more than any other game on the list but its really not GotY material in my humble opinion.
Its a slight upgrade on a great first game.
Alan Wake was good but bg3 was just so much better imo. Creative ways to traverse the story, builds, etc. 

Remakes should not be on this list.
    Agree with the first part.
Alan Wake 2 is a good choice for GOTY, but the other rankings in their list is questionable
    BG3 is also worthy
Well deserved...  Easily my favorite of the year,  even over bg3
The fact this list puts Alan Wake over BG3, puts Spider-Man 2 above Tears of the Kingdom, has two remakes, includes Jedi Survivor and Diablo 4 at all, and doesn't have FF16 makes me assume the people who decided this list are either being purposefully contrarian, have bad taste, or got paid off.
    Least salty bg3 fan
        Any fan of games in general should laugh at this list
    Jedi Survivor was fucking awesome.  What are you talking about?
        I agree, I enjoyed it too.
    I like gow every list that puts AW2 above BG3 is conveniently "paid off".
        Almost makes you believe all these people blindly praising BG3 like the second coming of christ are “paid off”. Because they sound like it.
            Fr. This subreddit felt like a billboard of BG3 advertisements for 2 straight months. It was fucking horrible.
            And then you realize that DnD is owned by Wizards of the Coast, the people who sent Pinkertons after youtubers because they got a pack of Magic: The Gathering cards sent to them early. Which makes it even more likely than just a passing thought.
    God forbid someone just likes AW2 better. I have 200 hrs in BG3 and I prefer AW2 substantially.
        Reddit has a MASSIVE boner for bg3. Say anything bad about it and you’re downvoted like crazy.
            Geeks gonna like geeky stuff I guess. It's like people were with The Witcher 3 lol. Yeah it's a good game, but can you STFU about it a bit sometimes? Other games exist lol...
            BG3 is amazing, but let’s not get it twisted, the games been in early access for 3 years, and is quite literally just dnd. Everything about how bug free the game is should 100% be expected after that kind of testing
            Shock horror: a gaming subreddit generally likes a really good game
                One thing is to like a good game, other is to dickride it and pretend that its the most perfect game ever made and everyone who don't like is wrong.
            > Say anything bad about it and you’re downvoted like crazy.

Reminds me of the Zelda games. Also, Elden Ring.
        I completely disagree with AW2 being better than BG3. But that's not the issue.

What invalidates the entire list is Diablo 4 being included. When you have takes like that, you lose the right to have your gaming list taken seriously. This was either paid or the list was chosen by higher ups who are friends with ceo's at the respective companies.
            Look, I get the impulse to believe that, but that theory is invalidated by the fact that Diablo 4 came in ninth place on this one. 


A massive company like ActiBlizz, if it *were* paying for review scores and/or spots on GOTY lists, would absolutely pay for top spot. The more likely explanation is just that it's something that people disagree with, and it's just the opinion of the people who made the list. 


Not everything is a conspiracy, man. People can disagree without some ulterior motive.
            To be fair, Diablo IV is great until the lackluster end game loot grind and majority of reviewers or judges for these awards wouldn’t be playing end game like this to see its faults
    Jedi Survivor is really good
    Jedi Survivor deserves to be on that list, it was a great game.
No Street fighter 6? Most fun multiplayer game if the year
    Sadly, top ten lists often have whatever the most talked about games were. SFVI is amazing, and will be a quality entry in the series and help carry the FGC for the next 5 years or longer before VII drops. But the FGC is small in comparsion to Spider-Man 2 for example, which will sell 4x the numbers, despite being a one and done playthrough for most.
        Totally get it, just think sf6 should be given it’s proper due for its accessibility, and literally giving gamers the easiest on ramp to falling in love with fighting games of all time.
It’s a great game it deserves an award!
I know this list is decisive but Alan Wake 2 is the clear game of the year in my opinion.
TOTK deserved the third spot imo
My apparently unpopular opinion is that Alan Wake 2 is boring as fuck.
    Flashlight holding simulator GOTY is really funny
    Really overrated imo
        Overrated to some, sure. But as a Survival Horror fan, we don't get AAA games often these days. The genre is mostly indie games in PS1 style of first person with blocks as human characters. Alan Wake 2 is a shock to see for Survival Horror gamers. The days of classic Resi, Silent Hill, and Fatal Frame are long gone for us.
    100% agree. Boring and badly designed and the story and writing are laughably bad.
Was Hogwarts legacy not a good game? I didn’t play it but I remember it breaking all sorts of records. Weird to not see it on any GOTY list.
    It was pretty much forgettable and if there wasn't even the controversy it would have fallen out of the conversation even faster. It made record sales numbers because it's set in the world of Harry Potter.
Pretty sure Alan Wake 2 just won Best Music at the GOTY.  Poets of the Fall just announced Old Gods of Asgard will be playing at the awards
Diablo purely on there because of sales and the blizzard tag. It’s the worst fucking pile of shit ever released in over 10 years. It’s a mobile game ported to pc with every feature sold as content but should of been in from the start. Game is a total fucking embarassment
I'm surprised baldurs gate didn't get #1
Spiderman 2 made it number 3? Ridiculous. Buggy ass short game. Lol. 

I have multiple issues with the game. Including the story. I won't go into detail because I don't want to spoil it for anyone who hasn't played. 

There is just a lot of bullshit in that game. Spiderman 1 and Miles were both better in my opinion. Better stories and more enjoyable to play.
My personal goty
Starfield is in my personal Top 5.
Love it
Well deserved.
I don't know that I've ever been so baffled by a unanimous GOTY contender as I am by Alan Wake 2. I finished it last night and found it really mediocre.
Hahahaha this list is funny!
Spiderman 2 above those other games is a crime
You know it's rigged when baldur's gate doesn't take first place. Don't get me wrong Alan Wake 2 was pretty good but compared to the level of detail and gameplay in baldur's gate 3. It's not even close
Good for them, I hope the game sells really well. I'm not going to play it as long as it's on Epic Game Store, but whatever.
Alan Wake was good, I just wouldn’t have it as number 1. The writing and voice acting were superb, but the game play was redundant (yes, I know it was designed to be that way).  I hated the ending too. Anti-climactic to say the least. 

I still think Lies of P was one of the best games I played this year. I can’t believe it didn’t make the list.
Ah yes, Time Magazine. 

My favorite *gaming* news publication.
Time voted quarry over elden ring last year. These guys don't know what they are doing
Why is Alan Wake catching strays from you lot?

Perhaps the most interesting, creative and engaging games in the last 10 years.
lol no one cares for TIME’s game of the year, cmon
Yes!!! Lol
No hate but it’s got to be bg3. Alan wake 2 is incredible tho
    See it as a good thing. You like two games released close to each other so much that you're fine with either winning. That's a good year in gaming for you!
        Oh I am thrilled with this year for gaming. It’s amazing that we have so many games that would easily win goty any other year but can’t this year because of the competition
Just happy to see so many GAMERS triggered over D4, shit is fun to read.
I think the entire Saga portion was contrived. There is a major plothole to which I can point that proves this. Tor Anderson is supposed to be Saga's grandfather and Odin her great uncle or something. Their relationship is supposed to be one of the "real" parts of the story. Now Tor and Odin are also supposed to have some kind of psychic resistance to the dark force. Which means they can't be fooled by the story. Saga is also supposed to have this power. But the very first time they meet, one of them, Tor or Odin, I can't remember, says to Saga, so good to have you back here. This implies that Saga had a life in Watery, but Saga herself plain denies that. Now given how she has the "shining", her take that she never lived in Watery must be true. But then, Tor and Odin are also supposed to have the shining, then why do THEY wrongly remember Saga staying there? It's a paradox and I believe forced agenda is to blame. It's really disappointing too because of how much Remedy prides themselves on narrative integrity. 


Side note: Alan runs like a b!tch in this game. Seriously, what's up with that animation and those swaying hips?
Baldurs gate 3 for the win
Alan Wake 2 first? Bullshit.
lol Time Magazine.
Better than BG3? I want some of whatever they’re smoking
Well deserved. Phenomenal game.
I’m sorry how did alan wake beat out baldurs gate?
[This thread.](https://youtu.be/kAIVMhja4CI?si=VNB9tdQRiMgguBKq).
Because when I think of gaming, I think of Time.
Deserve, the game is amazing
Remake and d4 don’t belong on that list.
 It's like they just googled "what good games came out in 2023" and threw them in any order
The only people less credible in the gaming space than games journalists are non-games journalists.
You people are as dumb as any conspiracy nut talking about it being paid.
Having Diablo IV on there discredits them significantly
Basically they put Alan Wake 2 as #1 because politics. But really it's Baldurs Gate 3
TIME is wrong. The correct choice is Baldur's Gate 3. The fact that they have Diablo 4 in the top ten shows they don't know what they are talking about.
Oh thank god, BG3 lost something.
Yes lads
Time exists still?
Buy this game people, sales are abysmal and it deserves better.
lol what
I think with the increasing numbers and success of remakes they should add GOTY winner group just for them.
I am sure>! 'we sing' !< chapter pushed it over the edge :-)
Lol. Times.
Its really odd to me that people actually seem surprised or even annoyed/angered by the ratings here. Who cares? Yes, I would disagree with some of their picks, but who knows what subjective metrics they are using to choose.

Also this one line is pretty telling that its a subjective list:

>Here are TIME’s favorite games of the year.

I know its surprising to a lot of people here, but sometimes people like different things than you. Even things you consider bad.

And of course, this list still has no bearing whatsoever on your enjoyment of any specific game. And if it does, well thats on you.

Also, fuck alan wake 2. The game is awesome, but it creeps me out, and the jump scares, come on.
Can someone explain to me why Alan wake 2 won over bg3 or a fellow sequel like totk?
I haven't put any faith in TIME's awards since I won person of the year back in '06.
Alan walk 2? ToK robbed.
Honestly who cares. After all it’s just subjective opinion whether individual or jury based. All these titles are really good. Ultimately, whatever you personally most enjoyed is the Game of The Year.
Sony had a pretty quiet year, eh?
The fuck, I totally forgot about that game
I thought Time Magazine only reviewed Watch / Time related games like Chrono Trigger and Time Crisis.
The Starfield fanboys are gonna lose their minds
Happy with their top place. Alan Wake 2 and baldurs gate 3 are both amazing games.
I wonder what Alan Sleep 2 will get
Remakes should not be on these lists… and Diablo 4 lmfao, shouldn’t even be top 25
Did Time traditionally care about gaming or are they just trying to get their dick wet? Fuck off with this crap.
It's just someone's list y'all, and there will be a lot more of them this month. 

We had an amazing year in gaming, we're the winners, the ones playing these games. 

Some of y'all need to chill.
Is Alan wake 2 digital only???
Several BG3 fans are typing...

(For real though this is great recognition. Alan Wake 2 didn't get as much buzz from the online crowd but it's still good.)
To each their own but Alan Wake 2 did not click with me at all
THIS GAME WAS SOOOOO GOOD
Well deserved.
Time is a weird for pay conservative wash station. These publishers probably paid for this and if they paid for this they are probably botted up on here.
Not a terrible list outside of D4 but Time is not exactly know for it's video game coverage. This is for grandma and grandpa to know what games their grand kids might be playing.
Last I checked, Time didn't know shit about video games. I respect them even less than IGN.
Time are morons... bg3 or bust
RIP Final Fantasy...
    [removed]
        I agree that Diablo 4 does not deserve to be in the top 10 unfortunately neither does FF16.
            I’d rank FF16 higher than Diablo and Star Wars personally.
                I would as well, but there are more deserving games like HI-FI Rush or even RPG’s like Sea of Stars than those games
                    Chained Echos constantly being snubbed is a crime. (it came out dec 2022 but typically december titles get pushed into next years lists)
                    Sea of Stars stunk lol
                Haven't played Star Wars but I would put it ahead of Dead Space too.
                    Why do remakes deserve to be on the list? They should have their own category.
                        I think if it's a ground up remake, it can be considered a new game

A remaster on the other hand shouldn't. Line gets fuzzy around games like Super Mario RPG or Link's Awakening which are remakes, but 1 to 1 remakes which feels more in the realm of remaster.

This and what's considered indies have loose definitions
                        Some remakes are worth it though. Some "remakes" are just glorified remasters.
                            That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
                                The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
                I think that’s an issue with those games being in the list, not necessarily that FF16 belongs there.
            yeah, I was so excited for it and for the life of me just could not get into it.  Such a bummer
            naaaah.
            Armored Core VI easily replaces both
            FF16 is for sure better than Jedi.
        Bro the only people I hear talking about Alan wake 2 are news articles mentioning it’s GOTY material. How does that even compare to the literal frenzy that Tears of the kingdom or baldurs gate put the internet into? The list is bogus - D4 even making the list shows that.
            As a huge Zelda fan, Tears is not GOTY. I loved the first 40 hours or so beating the campaign, but the depths becomes a boring collectathon and so does the overworld.

I think they needed more sidequests (not just korok seeds or sign ones) to make it feel more like a real world. I haven't played any of the others but tears definitely has some flaws.
                That quest where you have to bomb the plateau to empty the dam was cool. I wish there were more “Zelda” esque puzzles like that instead of just more BotW.
            I love D4 and play each season consistently... it doesn't deserve to be in top 10.
        The Diablo 4 campaign was great and flowed well.  They must have never played past that.
            Yeah I don't get why people gloss over the campaign like it doesn't matter to everyone, it most certainly does to reviewers and to the large majority of players who aren't streamers.
                Loved the campaign and have played it twice with my wife.
                    I enjoyed the campaign too, and season 2 is a apparently big improvement which is when I bought it. Played it for about 50 hours. I don't feel D4 is GOTY category but for the $42 it cost on Steam I got my money worth.
                I'd say it's one of the most important things considering how many people don't even finish games.  
And not 100% finish, beat the game finish haha.
        [removed]
        I would much rather play D4 than ever touch FF16 again lol
        Diablo 4 was terrible
        They absolutely deserve it thinking people were going to keep playing their game when the first 4 hours is cutscenes.
    I think FF ends weak which is why it is getting snubbed. >!The war drama plot was so good, but once it gets more into your usual FF Ultima stuff it becomes way less interesting. !<
        It was the lack of combat diversity that made me lose interest halfway through.
            I hated how empty the world felt.  When I play an RPG, I want to discover random shit out in the world.... when I wandered off the course in FF16, it just felt like I found the same old little blue shiny dongle that had some random ass item I didn't care about.  I stopped exploring beyond the main quest and then gave up altogether.
                I wish they would give FF6(FF3 in the US) the FF7 remake treatment.  Also a FFX remake too.  

You are definitely right about losing the sense of discovery in the world.
                The quests, while being itneresting story wise, were tedious and boring to do. And most of the time the result of the story was "racism bad, look at all of this racism" or "we've got hope and we will make it". Bad combat diversity, bad enemy variety, nothing to explore, a useless crafting system, and so on.  


The game is very much style over substance. It's very pretty, has a good main character and a couple of stellar supporting cast members, so this is enough to make most people think it,s great.
        Even that stuff was really interesting to me.  The actual ending was just garbage, though.  Managed to kill any desire to replay it with the way they wrote that.
        The gameplay is quite bad. Making me run back and forth through the same town to talk to bland NPCs over and over is bad game design. Combat is initially fun but quickly gets repetitive. Characters are mostly bland and not particularly likeable - especially when compared to other entries like ff7.
            Combat ist only repetitive by choice. There are plenty cool combos you can learn to make the fights more interesting. Also IMO most of the characters are great. There just more subdued compared to the flashy characters of FF7.
    FF16 started off great but quickly lost my interest. Stopped playing a bit after beating the guy that has titan powers and haven't had the motivation to keep going.
    Quite average game
    I wouldn't take it too seriously. Alan Wake 2 is a 2nd tier game compared to Baulder's Gate 3. It's not even top 10 GOTY contenders. Cleary TIME was bribed here.
Questionable list
    I think they purposely have weird choices so the article gets posted more / has more clicks. Already seen it posted twice on reddit.
        The only weird choice on the list is Diablo 4, and that is a mid-tier spicy take at best.
    Sometimes a single entry can invalidate a whole list that was looking solid 80% of the way into it, and that's precisely what Diablo 4's presence does here.

Lies of P, Final Fantasy 16 and Armored Core 6 or good remakes like Mario RPG and Metroid Prime immediately spring to mind. Shit even Starfield deserves mention more than D4 lmao.
        Your mention of Starfield truly encapsulated your entire argument. I went from nodding along in agreement with everything you said to vehemently disagreeing with you. Now, I find myself questioning the validity of everything else you mentioned, all based on a single game.
            That's the beauty of opinions and subjectivity.

I'm taking a bunch of leadership courses right now, and one of the big takeaways is to always put effort into understanding the other person. You need to look inwardly rather than judging them, especially when there's something you disagree on.

I didn't even buy Starfield or D4 because I knew I wasn't going to like them much and figured they'd be kinda flashes in the pan. Just because I was right doesn't mean I'm super smart and don't have some major biases tho. Had some friends play through D4, and they liked it up until the campaign was over. Had another friend who put a shit ton of hours into starfield. I think in any rating system like this, you should be gathering opinions from several diverse people with a variety of tastes. As well, open-mindedness would be a quality I'd be looking for with all my reviewers, and I would like it if they all put some time into every game that made the shortlist.
            Starfield might be a boring beige game, but even then it,s still better then D4. I feel ike starfield has some potential it could rise up too. It's not in my top 10 this year for sure, but it is better then D4
            So much hate for a game lol

Relax dude
                I dont hate it, it's too bland to have feelings as strong as hate about it.
        [deleted]
            I've sunk hundreds of hours in Dwarf Fortress since December, and there isn't a chance it is going to be on a list from Time.
        Hi-Fi Rush
        >or good remakes 

I don't think remakes should ever be eligible for awards like these. "Awards" being used in the loosest of ways, of course.

I want to see fresh ideas rewarded. Not cash grabs.
            I can respect a good remake. Remaking a classic game with a modern engine, UI, general production value, while remaining faithful to the original concept and game, can be tricky to do. 

But I agree, remaking a game isn't the same as making a new one. And rewarding a game for being the best of 2023 is a bit odd when the game being awarded was made two decades ago.
                It depends how big the Remake is. Something that big and remade from the ground up deserves a mention. A remaster should never be on a GOTY list however.  


But think about it this way. If a remake is the best game of the year, what does this say about the other games? And RE4R is a special case. RE4 is probably one of the best games ever made. It's quite possible in many people's top 20 or even top 10. It's a rare case.
                It's like double jeopardy. If a game has already been eligible for GOTY, I don't think a remake should have eligibility again.
            There's a difference between a cash grab and a well done remake. RE4 and Dead Space are amazing remakes. Things like the GTA remastered trilogy and last of us remastered are cash grabs.
            Remakes of movies have been nominated and won prestigious awards in the past, and rightfully so. I don’t see why the same philosophy can’t be applied to video games.
        I enjoyed starfield, it's crazy to me it didn't make the list but some of those other games did. As a hardcore lifelong Diablo fan, Diablo 4 doesn't belong on that list at all
        D4 wasn't that bad. The campaign alone was fantastic and the only reason one would dismiss it is if they played more than 70 hours (which would invalidate spiderman as well, an 8 hour game).
            If you come at it like an avid ARPG player it really isn't more than 10-20 hours. Maybe 2x that if you feel inspired to make a second character. And ARPG campaigns have never been as fun as like Skyrim or something, it isn't exactly what they designed for IMO

I'd almost argue it's like a 9/10 for half the player base and a 4/10 for the other half, and that average should not make a top list of anything. I think I'd even recommend it for a first time ARPG player, but it deserves to be controversial
    Why it looks pretty good to me
[removed]
    I'm out of the loop. What's the deal with Diablo 4?
        It's fine mostly, doesn't have much of a endgame. The problem is that 2023 has been such an absolutely stacked year for great games that mediocrity like D4 doesn't belong.
            Diablo IV is in the same boat as Starfield as far as giant budget, highly anticipated, kinda disappointing games go.
                Not sure why you're downvoted. I dropped both games around the same hour mark. I was stupidly hyped for both and both are near the same levels of mediocrity IMO.
                    I think it can be viewed as an unpopular opinion, which is fine. I don't think they are horrible by any means but they lack something present in previous games from the same companies, imo.
        It’s a game that comes from a company that practically invented the ARPG genre yet they missed the mark so heavily in making an actually enjoyable ARPG experience that folk lost their minds. And that’s on top of the game launching wildly unbalanced with core mechanical issues (I.e. resistances being useless). 

Even after months of updates the game is still considered quite stale. It’s like if Ford, one of the biggest vehicle manufacturers and known for their trucks hyped the shit out of their next release and when they revealed it it was the all electric Tesla cybertruck. 

The game feels like it was made within a year, released way too early, and learned nothing from the past 20 years of arpg experience from the company that started it in the first place
            And that's without talking about the numerous and egregious (not so) micro transactions in a $70 **base game**. 

That shit is outrageous.
        Hardcore Diablo fans hate it because of the comparitively shallow skill tree and the end game but the campaign is actually very good, and I think it is obviously a very high production value product for what it is (i.e. for people who have lives outside of playing video games for hours on end).
            100% on the mark here.
            Just curious, what did you enjoy about the campaign? I ended up feeling like there was almost no memorable set pieces and a lot of annoying sequences. 

For reference, if you like ARPG campaigns I highly recommend you checkout Lost Ark, the campaign had insanely fun dungeons while leveling (you can ignore all the side quests and mechanics and endgame grind if you're just in it for the campaign)
                I played a decent amount of co op so a lot of the "boring" stuff people are talking about didn't bother me that much. I also really really enjoyed the game's soundtrack
            I am not a hardcore Diablo fan and I hated Diablo 4. It did really good at being dark and gritty but they absolutely made it a slog to do so many things.

Respeccing to try something new is such a massive pain in the ass. Doing your tasks in town went from having to only walk like 10 feet and taking 20 seconds to a few minutes of running back and forth. The combat also felt way more boring to me for some reason (possibly because I couldn't swap out skills as easily to keep it fresh).
                Understand the viewpoint! I played it more as a chill vibing game, partially co-op with a friend and generally had a good time. But yeah, lots of running. I think there's usually a good amount of random stuff to do along your way to the next quest. I also mainly stuck to one build so I didn't care about respec that much
        People on Reddit hate it when in reality it’s a popular game.
            I'm curious why you think it's a pretty popular game? There is nothing I can find that suggests that anywhere. It lost 50% of it's players in 30 days and over 90% in 90 days. It gets bumps in activity for new seasons and then drops back to nothing a week later. The only game I know that crashed and burned harder than D4 is New World.
Clearly, they made a “most popular and hit games of 2023” list by just looking at google trends.
    How does Alan Wake make that list?  Not saying it doesn't deserve GOTY, it's no where as hyped/popular as other games on the list.
        Recency bias
            Spiderman 2 came out only a week earlier and was arguably more hyped and sold an insane amount of copies compared to Alan Wake 2.
                Spiderman games dont feel ~~like spiderman~~ like new games because spiderman is older than most of its target audience.
        it's not a popularity list...they think it's the best game this year. how's that strange?
            Gamers really struggle with the concept of opinions and how they can differ from person to person.
            Did you not read the comment they were replying to? The person you replied to brought up Alan Wake 2 as a counter to the person above them saying "clearly, they made a most popular and hit games of 2023 list."
        It's a weird genre, so not massively popular, and it did rather poorly sales wise. It did receive critical acclaim though. 

I don't mind it as much as I mind D4 or remakes being on that list.
        because its the newest release on that list so the hype and engagement/trending topics are mostly around it. i guarantee if they did the same list and bg3 had the hype it still had when it came out in the spring it would be on top.

Time don't care about the actual content. just the clicks.
        It's an incredible game.
    Alan Wake 2 was far from the most popular game of 2023
    Hogwarts Legacy not being here really kills this theory though.
    Clearly they didn’t because who is talking about dead space
The man who erased his name ending should be top 5 worthy alone.
    True. That ending made me bawl my eyes out.
A shit list indeed
    Spider-Man 2 took all my friends who played it 4 hours to beat it and not much longer to 100% it
Diablo IV made the list 😂
D4 is good but not top 10 good
Spider Man 2 above TotK is laughable.
Giving Diablo 4 a spot is... a choice
Diablo 4 doesn’t deserve shit. and I out 80 hours into it, and I still don’t think it deserves it.
Had to do a triple take of that list. I was convinced that I saw Diablo 4 next to all those great games.
Spiderman 2 hype died less than a week post launch. Truly overrated dlc
Diablo iv? Lol.
Wtf diablo 4?
wow 2 remakes in top 10. Games must be amazing these days.
    There's only one new IP in the whole list. It's wild. Sequels and remakes ~~all~~ most of the way down. Dredge is the only game on the list that isn't part of an already existing series.
i enjoyed dredge, it was fun nice to see others recognize it as well. Alan Wake 2 was amazing, i actually stopped part way through to play Control so i could remember more of the plot points and how they played into AW2's story. Ahti is the best.
> Diablo IV

Nani?!
Spider-Man 2 is better than Zelda and Re4 remake? No way. Spider-Man is a great game but it's held back so much by an awful open world and a constant need to slow players down every couple of hours. I feel insane seeing everyone praise it zealously when a core part of it's design is just absolutely awful. 

Alan Wake definitely deserves that top spot though.
    >Spider-Man 2 is better than Zelda and Re4 remake?

I think most people would agree to that, yeah.

>awful open world

I enjoy the open world quite a bit as do many others.

>constant need to slow players down every couple of hours.

What? Do you mean the cutscenes? You know people enjoy the story in video games right?

>I feel insane seeing everyone praise it zealously when a core part of it's design is just absolutely awful.

You just have a different opinion from most people which is fine.
$$$$$
    If that's the case how did Remedy get their game top of the list?
        Clearly Blizzard paid to be the 9th spot on the list
            There's only ever one explanation to anything, and it's conspiracy and bribery.  Also EA bad.
            Paid
                True
        Because Time loves Alan Wake, they also showered the original with praise aswell. I think it may have won their game of the 2010’s.
            In which case clearly they it was ranked in the spot they felt it deserved with no payment needed.
            I mean yeah, it's an awesome game
    Not everything has to be a conspiracy lol.
I thought everyone ‘loved’ Diablo 💀
    From what I've seen there is complaints that there isn't any content after you log 350+ hours
    I mean I do. But I hate talking about it on Reddit because I just get told how much of a blizzard shill I  am for enjoying the game.
    People love Diablo but hate Blizzard
    I mean Diablo 4 IS really good. It’s first season was kind of rough, but it’s 2nd season has been great.
        Same, brother. Let’s enjoy it in peace lol.
        Nooooooo you don’t understand! The game is bad because Reddit told you so!
            The game is bad because Blizzard milks you people for all your worth and you beg them for more.
D4 is up there Because Reddit is an echo chamber that’s also full of itself
    My diehard Diablo playing friends think it's hot dogshit. The opinion extends far beyond reddit.
        My diehard Diablo playing friends think its the hottest shit yet. The opinion extends far beyond reddit.
            Yea and that's awesome, but implying that the game is considered bad *only* in the 'reddit echo chamber' is ridiculous. Tons of Diablo fans have been disappointed by it. Don't really think that's a controversial take.
                The selective reasoning about you is so scary. You can say all of that, but not notice that someone is devaluing a game belonging somewhere as the first comment? Saying a list is shit because something you don’t like is on that list is elitist & again echo chamber behavior. Reddit promotes the behavior. People see shit on here & think it’s real outside. It’s not. People like Diablo 4 for a lot and it has a lot of players. Season two has made that even better for them. It’s simple facts. You can listen to the loud minority all you want.
                    r/gaming commenter tries to comprehend that different people will have different opinions about a game challenge [IMPOSSIBLE].

I *KNOW* tons of people like D4. I'm not saying they don't.
                        I explained to you fully on what echo chamber is, you can choose to not understand it. Just admit you can’t handle subjective observations lol
        Your friend is right lol
D4 is the only questionable thing about the list, and even then it's not insane to think someone really liked it.  List is alright honestly, I'd expect worse from Time.
It's a great game with critical acclaim, makes perfect sense unless you're living under a fucking rock.
Because journalists really only play the campaigns of games (and sometimes not even to completion) and the first time through the campaign of d4 was actually pretty good. It just kind of sucks ass after that.
D4 has good music good atmosphere and good cinematics. The game itself becomes mundane after 70 hours though.
    Finally a sensible take. I thought it was good fun for 50 hours, then yea it gets repetitive less to do in the endgame.
Because it's a fun game that millions of people enjoy?
Clearly favourable to more cinematic games then
Really?
They need to be banned from giving awards
    God forbid someone doesn't have the same opinion as me.
    [deleted]
        Nah there should be consequences for being this dumb lol
No shot this is real


Edit: lmao Horizon Forbidden West and The Quarry are higher than ER this is so ass.
    the reddit circlejerk was defeated
That’s because Alan Wake 2 is Oscar-bait but for video game writers.
> I know lies of P and Armored core were both great without having played them

Yet if Time had said "We haven't played these, but I know they are great" the comment section would be even angrier than it is now. lol
I feel remnant 2 was undermarketed
    It looks like just another looter shooter roguelike from what I've seen.
        It’s like destiny meets bloodborne (kinda).

But the effort and love and detail the devs put into this game is crazy. There’s so many side dungeons and secrets you could honestly play through the whole game once and only see about 30% of the content.
            It's really just a Souls-like and nothing like Destiny at all considering loot isn't randomized. But I agree with your other statements about that game.
        My guy, Remnant 2 is basically Elden Ring with guns. It's legit.
        As someone who loves fromsoft and rogue like games I enjoyed it but wouldn’t top 10 it.
        Its literally none of those things. Its a 3rd person shooter souls-like. Tons of unique bosses, weapons, and skills to find. Every world has numerous variations so theres a ton of replayability. Its very good. It also has fully fledged 3-player co-op, which is very rare for the genre.
        That may be what it looks like to you, but it is in no way a looter shooter.
    It came out immediately after baldurs gate, at least that why I haven't tried it yet
    nah.

it was under optimized
Rem 2 has some issues
    Yeah, it’s definitely a flawed gem. I’ve had a blast since I got it a few weeks ago, but there’s definitely some adjustments that need to be made. The trapper trait and Annilhation in particular need to be reworked.
        Annihilation is one of the bosses that Trapper has the least effect on imo. The arena is pretty big and he takes you back and forth between 2 of them. Also, neutral dodges don’t set Trapper off and most of Annihilation’s attacks are easy to neutral dodge.

Sunken Witch is where Trapper is a huge problem.
Armored Core is very niche and I would never expect it to make this kind of list
I tried playing the first one on gamepass and it felt pretty clunky movement-wise. Does the second one improve on that? I thought the story and universe were pretty well done.
    Yes, that was the main complaint from a lot of people in the first one, and they noticeably made it a lot smoother in the 2nd. And now there’s a ton of variety in content.
Remnant was fun but I think it’d be more fun as a real looter shooter. There weren’t enough drops to make me feel like I was progressing in any meaningful way
Honestly I keep getting it recommended to me on steam but I just haven’t had that moment of “damn I should really buy that”
    And you never will, lol. I was literally the exact same way, and then my friend bought it for me and him to play together when it was on sale, and I’ve been seriously hooked ever since.
Armored core was dope but not goty material. Also it being a Fromsoftware modern game I think too many people expected something way above what we got. Hopefully they make an ac7 and expand on everything.
[deleted]
    I don’t know if I could really say it’s a souls-like though. It’s more of a destiny like looter shooter, in a bloodborne/Elden ring themed universe, with the optional difficulty of a souls-like.
Theyre not slept on.. they are good games but they clearly dont have their place in the 2023 top 10
I think proper remakes are valid. They are basically new games built from the ground up: new engines, new models, new gameplay, etc. Remasters are what shouldn't be considered. And they weren't this year at least.
Remakes that are built from the ground up have to be allowed IMO, although that should definitely be considered in the assessment. 

For instance you could reimagine a game from the 90’s in a way that completely blows everyone away and has a big impact on the industry, but it’s still technically a remake so would be disqualified by default.

Or you could have a separate category for remakes I guess. But I still think an amazing reimagining of a game should be allowed to be GOTY if it’s that good.
    I don't see why a full remake should be cut from the list, but Spider-Man 2 and Zelda, which reuse the same maps as their last games with few alterations get to stay.

Hell, if anything Spider-Man 2's map is missing the Chrysler building, 1 had it. No amount of extra traffic and building detail gonna make me be fine with that.
    Problem is people use the phase remake for what is mostly a remaster 

A remake to me would be like you said picking an old game and it doesent have to blow away everything but to me would be changing up how it plays . Like let’s say they took fallout 3 and decided they wanted the game to go back to format and make it a top down turn based game like the original 1 and 2 . That to me would be a remake

A remaster which these games should be call is when the game is the same but a new coat of paint was put on it
Is Lies of P really that good? I have Gamepass and have been meaning to check it out.
    Yea. It is super high quality. Absolutely worth playing
    Almost Bloodborne 2, but from ppl doing soulsborne 1st time, good for theur 1st soulsborne and way better then most.
    It’s good, but not GOTY good imo. Maybe in a less stacked year it would be.
        [deleted]
            I mean plenty of souls players definitely are in it for the gameplay and the bosses, it just so happens fromsoft are really good at level and world design as well on top of that
Been a gamer for 36 years, since I was five. This is the first time I hear of TIME goty. Is this like the official goty awards or is TIME magazine or what is it?
    It looks like they hired a freelance journalist to write this up.  As for the list itself, I'd assume it's either one of two things:

1)  He unilaterally made a list based on his own preferences and posted it as "Time's list,"  or;

2)  He consulted Time staff who were gamers and created the list based on those conversations. 

I'd lean towards #2 unless other evidence comes to light. It's also laughable at the amount of people here who think there is some larger conspiracy at work.
        >It's also laughable at the amount of people here who think there is some larger conspiracy at work.

just normal internet echo chamber stuff
    Just Time magazine's list. I didn't even know they had one and I played BG1 when it came out.
        IIRC they had some really crap games journalist writing about a game, can’t remember which game it was, might have been D4, either way they too lost all credibility when it comes to games back then. Good for AW2 to get some recognition though!
You'd think Q4 releases would be excluded from qualifying for any possible nominations for that year as well, make them sit out until next year.
Armored Core was great for sure, I think 9 or 10 is a solid spot for it

This list is a joke
Also let's be honest ToK is insanely overrated
It's a "who bows to the message" contest, it should be desirable to be ignored.
I’m assuming that this is based off of 1 guys experiences, as is most of these gotys. Might have not played those.
Interesting list. It's missing Remnant 2 and Phantom Liberty. D4 should be a bit higher. AW2 isn't really a gamey game, but more of a visual novel. Not in my top 10 by any stretch.
    Phantom Liberty is an expansion, it doesn't qualify for *game* of the year.
    You’ve *clearly* never played a visual novel if you think Alan Wake 2 is anything like one.
    Remnant 2 being snubbed on all these lists drives me nuts. It's better than most things that came out this year.
        Yeah leaving Remnant 2 out of top 10 makes zero sense, objectively.
[deleted]
    Their singular gaming writer is just a huge Alan Wake fan apparently
        Maybe AW is the author
            I bet it was scratch!
            Chaos ensues
    They ranked it no1 in 2010 over Mass Effect 2, Mario Galaxy 2, Fallout New Vegas, Red Dead Redemption, Halo Reach, and AssCreed Brotherhood(the best one)?

really?
    Alan Wake and Angry Birds are Finnish. They also ranked Fallen Leaves (Finnish) as the best movie of 2023. They're simping us.
    ME2 and SC2 should be 2 and 3 in that list. SC2 was crazy good when it came out. they just never gave a shit to keep up with it.
Time always covered culture. What about this list hurt your butt so much?
    Exactly. Bunch of gatekeeping dorks getting mad in here.
        Gatekeeping dorks getting mad? On Reddit?!?
    Time has a top TV shows, top movies and top music list.  But because of Diablo at number 9 they need to stay in their lane.
Time covers a lot of different things. They are a general life magazine. 

Not everyone who gives their rankings needs to be a definitive expert. You can just silence the noise if you disagree, Time will be ok, as will we.
Because the nominees for The Game Awards are sooooo much better /s.

The only thing that’s really objectionable is Diablo 4, but hating D4 seems to be the domain of loud social media addicts rather than the average player.
    [deleted]
Their list is OK. Alan Wake is amazing and my GOTY
    As a guy who's been Google searching "Alan Wake 2 news" for the past 13 years, it was 1000% my GotY. 

I'm a bit of a sucker for a good song in a game as well... and The Old Gods of Asgard delivered.
holy shit thats the most braindead reddit take ive seen in a while
Personally don't think the list is egregious aside from not having FF16 on it, remakes shouldn't be allowed at all tho
    That remake statement is pretty egregious, but yeah 16 is good. Wpuos have armored core over diablo for me though.
    Final Fantasy 7 remake is basically a completely different game. So something like that I would allow. Just updating the graphics shouldn’t be allowed.
Who is Ben Ghazi? 

Is he a buttery male?
I agree about their validity but their medium dying seems like a pretty sound reason to change lanes.
I think you have a fundamental misunderstanding of what Time magazine is outside of the covers you’ve seen over the years if this is your opinion.
Is Alan Wake 2 really that good ? I remember loving the first one, back in the day. Now that I have a beast computer coming in the next few days, I'm considering it...
    It’s really that good. One of the best examples of what s sequel should be, improving on the first game in nearly every way

It feels like a culmination of everything Remedy has learned as a studio for the past 20 years
        Can confirm. It's so good I actually want to go back and replay it within instantly finishing it. It's been weeks and I still haven't been able to push that replay feeling away. 

The combat was just amazing. At no point even up to the end I never felt overpowered like most games. Even your most simple Taken can humble you. 

And the music from the game? Oh my god the music. The poets of the Fall/old guards of Asgard did a STELLAR job on that game.
            Dark Ocean Summoning has been living rent free in my head for a few weeks now
                Hell yeah man between that and Herald of Darkness are amazing enough so I went and checked the Poets of the Falls other work. They have some decent stuff. Dark Disquiet is pretty sick
                The Old Gods of Asgard are gonna be performing at The Game Awards this year
            Same! New game plus with new story content is coming this month, that’s the only reason I’ve waited
                Oh holy shit what? New story content? I heard about the new game plus but new content?!
            Fuck bro, I’ve wanted that game since it was announced but this simple summery is making he want to drop them dollars. Hope my 3070 rtx can handle it.
                My 3070 was ok. It had a moment or two where it kinda took a shit but overall it was a 9/10 attempt out of the card. 

Just go get it man. It's 100% worth the money and you'll support a very obvious Alan wake 3
                    Sweet, done homie.
                        Have fun man. You're gonna love it
            [deleted]
                That's actually what I was waiting for! I heard about the new game plus feature a while back but having new actual story content sealed the deal. I'm just waiting for the patch to drop.
        is it good if you didn't play the first one?
    I didn't play the first Alan Wake, but I got Alan Wake 2. It may be one of my favorite games of all time? It was an experience.
        Yah it becomes less and less “game” and more experience. Which is great in its own rights, but I could have done without any of Alan’s gameplay. Minus the scene switching which is technically impressive and very well used.

While Baldurs gate 3, was just an amazing everything start to finish, with insane replay value.
            Really? I know Alan's was a bit annoying in the way it mandated wasted resource usage, but I thought it was a masterclass in how to do paranoid horror shooter stuff.

Enemies that are and aren't real but that all look identical until you either spend resources to find out, or they attack you. But even the fake ones can still grab you, making *every single shadow* a threat to the player that appears *dozens* at a time. They all move the same, real or fake, and they all whisper quietly. 

The fact they're all dangerous, impossible to distinguish between real and fake (without resources), *numerous,* and positively paranoia-inducing on top of it all was just awesome. It really showed off Remedy's horror chops and fit perfectly, thematically to Wake's section.
                I only just started Alan’s combat section but so far I haven’t needed to spend any resources to dispel the “false” shadows. The standard flashlight will make them vanish if you wait a few seconds, no resources needed. Maybe that changes idk.
            I see some people this say this, I feel totally the opposite. For me, Saga was a blank slate character and her gameplay was pretty standard.
            I sometimes feel like I'm the only person in the world that didn't like Baldur's gate.  I think maybe it's because the controls are so janky on PS5?  I don't know, but the game very quickly turned into more work than fun and I really dislike managing inventory.  I made it a few hours in, got the party split up accidentally because i tried to jump somewhere, then just turned it off.
            Ok ty picked up Allan wake 2 and I just don’t like Allan’s gameplay maybe that’s just me
        Did not playing the first game detract from your experience playing the second?  I haven't played the first game, but I am curious about 2.
            I played Control, so that was a strong lore entry point. From there, I just watched the creator recap it all on IGN's YouTube. I feel like it does a good job explaining what you need to know from the first game in general, though.
                Right on. Control was great. Maybe I'll replay that first and pick up 2 afterwards.
        I enjoyed AW2-squeezed almost 35 hours out of it, but the story made zero sense to me.
            Gotta watch or play Alan Wake 1 and Control for things to make sense.  Alan Wake to kind of get how the darkness worked and how it ties in with his writing (as well as to understood what his wife went through) and Control to understand the FBC side of things and all the bizarre SCP shit they investigate
    One of the best sequels I’ve ever played,  and one of the best Survival Horror games I’ve played.  

It was so good that it completely killed any interest I had in the Silent Hill 2 remake.
        SH2 remake is fighting a hard battle up hill. I may even like Alan Wake 2 more than OG SH2, so good luck, Blooper.   


But we should take this as a good sign, too. When was the last time survival horror fans had competition within the genre that had this kind of conversation? PS2 golden era for horror is a long time ago.
    It is SO good, the first 2 hours feels like Twin Peaks had a baby with x-files, True detective and David Fincher 😅
    I thought it was incredible. I could see it being disappointing if you play it after hearing how good it is just like any game. 

I can also see it not working for a lot of people since it's slow and moody compared to most of the games on the list. You don't even use your weapon for the first hour or two. If you enjoyed the atmosphere of True Detective and enjoy that slow burn, its great.
    I haven’t beaten it yet, but I’m pretty far in, and I’ve already experienced what I assume is the most fun, over-the-top sequence in the game. I was very excited for the game, having played the first one and absolutely loved Control.

I’ve been somewhat disappointed by it, and it does not warrant GOTY to me. The presentation and atmosphere are amazing, but it’s a simple game with several illusory mechanics, like the completely pointless detective board and the profiling function that’s basically just “select all options to proceed.” Both of those are features of the Saga Anderson half of the game, which is also the less visually inventive and generally less compelling half of the game. The Alan Wake half has more interesting mechanics, but I don’t think they’re used as well as they could’ve been.

In some ways I’m happy that it’s part of the GOTY conversation, but at the same time, I think Armored Core 6 is more deserving of a place on these lists than at least a third of the games getting recognized.
    Absolutely, go in as blind as you can though! It's a great survival horror game and has quite the amazing art direction and sound design, and the story is something else!
        Do i need to play the first game to understand it? Or can i play the second game on its own
            You'll appreciate the game a lot more if you've played Alan Wake and Control (the two series are linked). You can enjoy it fine without having done so but you'll likely miss the significance of certain moments and characters.
            That's what I'm doing and it's fine. I'm definitely going to play the first one + DLC's and Control next, though.
    It's honestly excellent. Nothing like the first game at all. 

It's a tough one between that and Baldurs Gate myself.
    Its fucking incredible.
    It's more survival horror than action horror like the first game, and there's a lot more chilling / talking to people. If you like slow, story heavy games with a lot of optional riddles and some amazing world building, you'll love Alan Wake 2. But you won't be running down bad guys in a jeep like the first game.
    I'm playing through it now and honestly it's incredible. Especially having just recently played the first (and Control as well). AW2 has cemented Remedy as a top dev, just releasing bangers.
    it isssss soooooooo good i played it and i never been so impressed with the detail in this game
    It is that good yes. Got flaws, but it get so many things right
    If they increased the amount of enemies by like 2-3x it would have been alot better. Big chunks of it were simply walking around "solving" random things
    Best game I’ve played since Frog Detective 3 finally answered the question of whether or not crime is real.

Joking aside, AW2 is very specific. If you’re into the kind of thing it is — a mixed media narrative video game experience — it’s incredible. If you only love leveling up and getting loot and killing elves or whatever with swords, this won’t hit for you. If you’re expecting fun mechanical gameplay, this isn’t that either. The gameplay is fine and way better than the first one, but it’s not like Control or anything. It’s like if the typical mediocre gameplay from the 2000-2010 survival horror genre just got way more polished.

AW2 was amazing. I would’ve been content with it just being the same mediocre game with a neat story/vibe the first one was if I could just continue the 13-year cliffhanger, but man, Remedy went nuts with this game. It’s like the most creative, most detailed AAA game I’ve ever seen or played. Like, even the little songs in between chapters end up being a narrative device.
    not really.
    It's a passion project that clearly had a lot of love put into it but the game itself is mid and not going to be enjoyed by most.  

The game is over 20 hours long and should be around 10. It's a narrative that would have been more enjoyable to watch than play.
    Alan wake is so good everyone talks about it all the time and it makes front page posts daily.  No wait that’s bg3
        So popular stuff = better? Got it. Taylor Swift is the best artist of all times and CoD & Fifa are the greatest games ever then.
            Dude...  Its not being talked about because its popular, its being talked about because its awesome.
        I've seen pretty even coverage of both since AW2 released to be honest. What does BG3 have to do with whether or not AW2 is good though? Are you of some bizarre belief that for one to be good the other must be bad? It's not pie.
    No it's really not. The gameplay is tedious and slow with frustrating puzzles that get bugged and prevent progression. The combat is absolutely atrocious and outdated. I was very disappointed with the 4 hours I put into it. It's like a really boring episode of the First 48. I'm gonna get downvoted to oblivion for this but Alan Wake 2 is one of the worst games I have ever played. Even the pretty graphics and nods to Control couldn't save this game for me.
    It is good but definitely feels overrated around here.
For me it’s 100% BG3.
I want Alan Wake 2, but I refuse to buy from Epic. Maybe I'll just get the PS5 version and stop bitching.
No, it's easy. For me Baldur's Gate wins. I'm not sure what went wrong for me with Alan Wake II. Max Payne was my favorite game back then, I loved the hell out of Control and thought Quantum Break was amazing too. But there were too many moments in Alan Wake II where I had absolutely no clue what was happening, and I had to Google the story to get a sense of what was going on.

And people keep talking about how amazing it looks, but I don't see it. Some parts of it look really good or really great even, but most scenes are just all drowned in a yellow or red sheen as if they are trying to hide shitty graphics. Control for the most part looks amazing in comparison.

The musical level nails it though and I wish the rest of the game would have been like that.

Admittedly I never played the first Alan Wake, but no idea if I'm the only one in that boat.

I still really enjoyed playing it, but would give it a 7/10 and BGIII a 10/10.
I went in to this thread expect to hear people praise Allan Wake 2, but everyone is just complaining about something that is second to last on the list.  It’s like people have a specific list in their mind and everything that doesn’t completely follow it is complete shit
    And people don’t believe me in this sub when I say Alan wake is under-appreciated (not underrated). Even in a post that you would think should be about Alan wake it’s about something else entirely. When Alan wake 2 was announced there was hardly any posts compared to the other games announced and way less chatter on those posts too. 

That’s why I hope Alan wake 2 wins GOTY so a lot more people, especially the average Joe outside of this sub, can (hopefully) finally acknowledge it
    Being miserable is an addiction
    I dare to say that Alan Wake was an incredible game and deserves every praise it gets
Because this website thinks Baldur’s Gate 3 is the only game worth playing in the last ten years.
    and that if you like Starfield even a bit, you committed all seven deadly sins hundreds of times all at once
        Nah loved both that list is shit lmfao
    I have a seemingly very unpopular opinion on BG3.  Didn't buy it, so no sweat.
    for me at least, it is lol. it's the game of the decade
They cover movies, tv, books, and other culture. Why not video games too? Which they have been for many years. It's not that big of a deal. So they included one game that everyone grew to hate within a month, and left off a few games, so what? 9/10 of those games are commonly thought to be the best of the year. Did you want them to make a top 20 list just so they could include your favorites or something?
Because they have a different opinion than you?
Just curious. Since she is your friend, did she (or can she?) give you free AW2 game?
    She was only given one code, for herself.

Besides, with Epic being the publisher, and it being digital-only for consoles, apparently it's quite locked down on "promo" copies.
Yeah, I was waiting to buy it but pretty much everyone I’ve talked to who bought it said not worth it. No replay value, beat the main storyline and grinding for gear is just awful. Makes me sad as I played d2 for deep as a kid. Never stopped being fun.
Dead Space remake got overshadowed almost immediately by Re4 remake, unfortunately. Both were incredible, but Re4 was the bigger game, and that goes a long way with people. DS has actual scares though, and arguably better combat, and it’s got the amazing commitment to immersion it always had.
    I loved Re4 remake, shit I’ve loved all of them so far, re2 was crazy. But I’ve been waiting for DS remake for ages, the scares in that game are so hardcore lol. Happy it just got added to game pass. Silent hill 2 remake, that’s going to be the holy grail.
Yeah, i’m not a fan of horror elements and usually avoid these kind of games but i am halfway through the game and loving it.
Try to watch/play Alan Wake 1 and Control.  The story makes so much more sense and isn't as weird once you've dipped into the universe.
The atmosphere in it is just incredible.
You do. It’s true.
    If just for the concert level, that was next level WTF this is amazing. I think it even beat FC3 drug burning scene for the best use of music in a scene.
        It really was a "oh ok, we're really doing this!" type of level. Completely bonkers in the best way possible.
So you think Alan wake 2’s massive budget includes bribes for time magazines goty list?
    Lmao right? This is a modest game with a modest marketing budget. It didn’t even get a physical release because the margins are so tight on this one; their last major release, despite more mainstream appeal, really underperformed. 

Some people are just delusional with these conspiracy theories.
        It's even funnier to imagine Activision Blizzard paying money to be...checks list...9th. What is the going rate for 9th place? Is that like a ballpark hotdog and the change from the purchase? A warm smile? What does a guy gotta do to buy 9th place around here?!
Oh no, someone has a different preference than you do :(
I don’t know about that. Top 10? Definitely not. Top 20? Probably not. But top 30? The game has an enjoyable gameplay loop with average writing and a mediocre end game. It’s a good game that needed to be a bit more fun.
It’s just a list of the biggest games this year basically. Dredge at 10 is like the bloggers who came up with the list during their coffee walk realized people will know they just listed the biggest games of the year so they threw the only indie game they could think of in at 10.
Whoever wrote this list for TIME should never be allowed around a keyboard again. Just abysmal overall.
Sold super well and had high ratings when it came out. 

It’s a cash grab sham but that’s now what these awards are about
Checks out. Pretty much all I've played since June. And Phantom Liberty
For me it's the 5th title of the batman arkham formula, it's good but the novelty been gone for a while.
Starfield is pretty average.
    Lower than average.
        Average
Loading screens and bad space combat kept it off the list, would be a guess.
Understandable I felt the same with with Alan Wake but I can see how it's a good game.
That fanbase is the getting more toxic by the day... unfortunate for a good game. Honestly slightly worried for Larian's next game, with how high of a pedestal they have been put on. Are the expectations gonna be unreasonable?
Not many salty BG3 fans that I can see here. But boy howdy, there is ton of people on this thread that are salty with BG3's popularity. Get well soon ya'll.
I’m fine with AW getting praise, it deserves it. It’s the company the two games are with on the list for me.
They thought they had a clear path for that GOTY title and can't believe that a game like AW2 is stealing their spot lmao
[deleted]
    Deceptively so. At first it seems very similar, but the new abilities changed almost everything about how you can interact with the world. Then the little changes to the map start to add up. Then you discover the depths, which are incredibly fun to explore and probably the most realized Zelda Dark World. By the end, it makes BotW seem like a demo.
        The Depths are like 90% filler content though, they made it way, way too big for the amount of interesting things there are to do down there
    Spiderman 2 is a great game and I understand anyone who personally liked it more than any other game on the list but its really not GotY material in my humble opinion.
Its a slight upgrade on a great first game.
Agree with the first part.
BG3 is also worthy
Least salty bg3 fan
    Any fan of games in general should laugh at this list
Jedi Survivor was fucking awesome.  What are you talking about?
    I agree, I enjoyed it too.
I like gow every list that puts AW2 above BG3 is conveniently "paid off".
    Almost makes you believe all these people blindly praising BG3 like the second coming of christ are “paid off”. Because they sound like it.
        Fr. This subreddit felt like a billboard of BG3 advertisements for 2 straight months. It was fucking horrible.
        And then you realize that DnD is owned by Wizards of the Coast, the people who sent Pinkertons after youtubers because they got a pack of Magic: The Gathering cards sent to them early. Which makes it even more likely than just a passing thought.
God forbid someone just likes AW2 better. I have 200 hrs in BG3 and I prefer AW2 substantially.
    Reddit has a MASSIVE boner for bg3. Say anything bad about it and you’re downvoted like crazy.
        Geeks gonna like geeky stuff I guess. It's like people were with The Witcher 3 lol. Yeah it's a good game, but can you STFU about it a bit sometimes? Other games exist lol...
        BG3 is amazing, but let’s not get it twisted, the games been in early access for 3 years, and is quite literally just dnd. Everything about how bug free the game is should 100% be expected after that kind of testing
        Shock horror: a gaming subreddit generally likes a really good game
            One thing is to like a good game, other is to dickride it and pretend that its the most perfect game ever made and everyone who don't like is wrong.
        > Say anything bad about it and you’re downvoted like crazy.

Reminds me of the Zelda games. Also, Elden Ring.
    I completely disagree with AW2 being better than BG3. But that's not the issue.

What invalidates the entire list is Diablo 4 being included. When you have takes like that, you lose the right to have your gaming list taken seriously. This was either paid or the list was chosen by higher ups who are friends with ceo's at the respective companies.
        Look, I get the impulse to believe that, but that theory is invalidated by the fact that Diablo 4 came in ninth place on this one. 


A massive company like ActiBlizz, if it *were* paying for review scores and/or spots on GOTY lists, would absolutely pay for top spot. The more likely explanation is just that it's something that people disagree with, and it's just the opinion of the people who made the list. 


Not everything is a conspiracy, man. People can disagree without some ulterior motive.
        To be fair, Diablo IV is great until the lackluster end game loot grind and majority of reviewers or judges for these awards wouldn’t be playing end game like this to see its faults
Jedi Survivor is really good
Jedi Survivor deserves to be on that list, it was a great game.
Sadly, top ten lists often have whatever the most talked about games were. SFVI is amazing, and will be a quality entry in the series and help carry the FGC for the next 5 years or longer before VII drops. But the FGC is small in comparsion to Spider-Man 2 for example, which will sell 4x the numbers, despite being a one and done playthrough for most.
    Totally get it, just think sf6 should be given it’s proper due for its accessibility, and literally giving gamers the easiest on ramp to falling in love with fighting games of all time.
Flashlight holding simulator GOTY is really funny
Really overrated imo
    Overrated to some, sure. But as a Survival Horror fan, we don't get AAA games often these days. The genre is mostly indie games in PS1 style of first person with blocks as human characters. Alan Wake 2 is a shock to see for Survival Horror gamers. The days of classic Resi, Silent Hill, and Fatal Frame are long gone for us.
100% agree. Boring and badly designed and the story and writing are laughably bad.
It was pretty much forgettable and if there wasn't even the controversy it would have fallen out of the conversation even faster. It made record sales numbers because it's set in the world of Harry Potter.
See it as a good thing. You like two games released close to each other so much that you're fine with either winning. That's a good year in gaming for you!
    Oh I am thrilled with this year for gaming. It’s amazing that we have so many games that would easily win goty any other year but can’t this year because of the competition
[removed]
    I agree that Diablo 4 does not deserve to be in the top 10 unfortunately neither does FF16.
        I’d rank FF16 higher than Diablo and Star Wars personally.
            I would as well, but there are more deserving games like HI-FI Rush or even RPG’s like Sea of Stars than those games
                Chained Echos constantly being snubbed is a crime. (it came out dec 2022 but typically december titles get pushed into next years lists)
                Sea of Stars stunk lol
            Haven't played Star Wars but I would put it ahead of Dead Space too.
                Why do remakes deserve to be on the list? They should have their own category.
                    I think if it's a ground up remake, it can be considered a new game

A remaster on the other hand shouldn't. Line gets fuzzy around games like Super Mario RPG or Link's Awakening which are remakes, but 1 to 1 remakes which feels more in the realm of remaster.

This and what's considered indies have loose definitions
                    Some remakes are worth it though. Some "remakes" are just glorified remasters.
                        That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
                            The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
            I think that’s an issue with those games being in the list, not necessarily that FF16 belongs there.
        yeah, I was so excited for it and for the life of me just could not get into it.  Such a bummer
        naaaah.
        Armored Core VI easily replaces both
        FF16 is for sure better than Jedi.
    Bro the only people I hear talking about Alan wake 2 are news articles mentioning it’s GOTY material. How does that even compare to the literal frenzy that Tears of the kingdom or baldurs gate put the internet into? The list is bogus - D4 even making the list shows that.
        As a huge Zelda fan, Tears is not GOTY. I loved the first 40 hours or so beating the campaign, but the depths becomes a boring collectathon and so does the overworld.

I think they needed more sidequests (not just korok seeds or sign ones) to make it feel more like a real world. I haven't played any of the others but tears definitely has some flaws.
            That quest where you have to bomb the plateau to empty the dam was cool. I wish there were more “Zelda” esque puzzles like that instead of just more BotW.
        I love D4 and play each season consistently... it doesn't deserve to be in top 10.
    The Diablo 4 campaign was great and flowed well.  They must have never played past that.
        Yeah I don't get why people gloss over the campaign like it doesn't matter to everyone, it most certainly does to reviewers and to the large majority of players who aren't streamers.
            Loved the campaign and have played it twice with my wife.
                I enjoyed the campaign too, and season 2 is a apparently big improvement which is when I bought it. Played it for about 50 hours. I don't feel D4 is GOTY category but for the $42 it cost on Steam I got my money worth.
            I'd say it's one of the most important things considering how many people don't even finish games.  
And not 100% finish, beat the game finish haha.
    [removed]
    I would much rather play D4 than ever touch FF16 again lol
    Diablo 4 was terrible
    They absolutely deserve it thinking people were going to keep playing their game when the first 4 hours is cutscenes.
I think FF ends weak which is why it is getting snubbed. >!The war drama plot was so good, but once it gets more into your usual FF Ultima stuff it becomes way less interesting. !<
    It was the lack of combat diversity that made me lose interest halfway through.
        I hated how empty the world felt.  When I play an RPG, I want to discover random shit out in the world.... when I wandered off the course in FF16, it just felt like I found the same old little blue shiny dongle that had some random ass item I didn't care about.  I stopped exploring beyond the main quest and then gave up altogether.
            I wish they would give FF6(FF3 in the US) the FF7 remake treatment.  Also a FFX remake too.  

You are definitely right about losing the sense of discovery in the world.
            The quests, while being itneresting story wise, were tedious and boring to do. And most of the time the result of the story was "racism bad, look at all of this racism" or "we've got hope and we will make it". Bad combat diversity, bad enemy variety, nothing to explore, a useless crafting system, and so on.  


The game is very much style over substance. It's very pretty, has a good main character and a couple of stellar supporting cast members, so this is enough to make most people think it,s great.
    Even that stuff was really interesting to me.  The actual ending was just garbage, though.  Managed to kill any desire to replay it with the way they wrote that.
    The gameplay is quite bad. Making me run back and forth through the same town to talk to bland NPCs over and over is bad game design. Combat is initially fun but quickly gets repetitive. Characters are mostly bland and not particularly likeable - especially when compared to other entries like ff7.
        Combat ist only repetitive by choice. There are plenty cool combos you can learn to make the fights more interesting. Also IMO most of the characters are great. There just more subdued compared to the flashy characters of FF7.
FF16 started off great but quickly lost my interest. Stopped playing a bit after beating the guy that has titan powers and haven't had the motivation to keep going.
Quite average game
I wouldn't take it too seriously. Alan Wake 2 is a 2nd tier game compared to Baulder's Gate 3. It's not even top 10 GOTY contenders. Cleary TIME was bribed here.
I think they purposely have weird choices so the article gets posted more / has more clicks. Already seen it posted twice on reddit.
    The only weird choice on the list is Diablo 4, and that is a mid-tier spicy take at best.
Sometimes a single entry can invalidate a whole list that was looking solid 80% of the way into it, and that's precisely what Diablo 4's presence does here.

Lies of P, Final Fantasy 16 and Armored Core 6 or good remakes like Mario RPG and Metroid Prime immediately spring to mind. Shit even Starfield deserves mention more than D4 lmao.
    Your mention of Starfield truly encapsulated your entire argument. I went from nodding along in agreement with everything you said to vehemently disagreeing with you. Now, I find myself questioning the validity of everything else you mentioned, all based on a single game.
        That's the beauty of opinions and subjectivity.

I'm taking a bunch of leadership courses right now, and one of the big takeaways is to always put effort into understanding the other person. You need to look inwardly rather than judging them, especially when there's something you disagree on.

I didn't even buy Starfield or D4 because I knew I wasn't going to like them much and figured they'd be kinda flashes in the pan. Just because I was right doesn't mean I'm super smart and don't have some major biases tho. Had some friends play through D4, and they liked it up until the campaign was over. Had another friend who put a shit ton of hours into starfield. I think in any rating system like this, you should be gathering opinions from several diverse people with a variety of tastes. As well, open-mindedness would be a quality I'd be looking for with all my reviewers, and I would like it if they all put some time into every game that made the shortlist.
        Starfield might be a boring beige game, but even then it,s still better then D4. I feel ike starfield has some potential it could rise up too. It's not in my top 10 this year for sure, but it is better then D4
        So much hate for a game lol

Relax dude
            I dont hate it, it's too bland to have feelings as strong as hate about it.
    [deleted]
        I've sunk hundreds of hours in Dwarf Fortress since December, and there isn't a chance it is going to be on a list from Time.
    Hi-Fi Rush
    >or good remakes 

I don't think remakes should ever be eligible for awards like these. "Awards" being used in the loosest of ways, of course.

I want to see fresh ideas rewarded. Not cash grabs.
        I can respect a good remake. Remaking a classic game with a modern engine, UI, general production value, while remaining faithful to the original concept and game, can be tricky to do. 

But I agree, remaking a game isn't the same as making a new one. And rewarding a game for being the best of 2023 is a bit odd when the game being awarded was made two decades ago.
            It depends how big the Remake is. Something that big and remade from the ground up deserves a mention. A remaster should never be on a GOTY list however.  


But think about it this way. If a remake is the best game of the year, what does this say about the other games? And RE4R is a special case. RE4 is probably one of the best games ever made. It's quite possible in many people's top 20 or even top 10. It's a rare case.
            It's like double jeopardy. If a game has already been eligible for GOTY, I don't think a remake should have eligibility again.
        There's a difference between a cash grab and a well done remake. RE4 and Dead Space are amazing remakes. Things like the GTA remastered trilogy and last of us remastered are cash grabs.
        Remakes of movies have been nominated and won prestigious awards in the past, and rightfully so. I don’t see why the same philosophy can’t be applied to video games.
    I enjoyed starfield, it's crazy to me it didn't make the list but some of those other games did. As a hardcore lifelong Diablo fan, Diablo 4 doesn't belong on that list at all
    D4 wasn't that bad. The campaign alone was fantastic and the only reason one would dismiss it is if they played more than 70 hours (which would invalidate spiderman as well, an 8 hour game).
        If you come at it like an avid ARPG player it really isn't more than 10-20 hours. Maybe 2x that if you feel inspired to make a second character. And ARPG campaigns have never been as fun as like Skyrim or something, it isn't exactly what they designed for IMO

I'd almost argue it's like a 9/10 for half the player base and a 4/10 for the other half, and that average should not make a top list of anything. I think I'd even recommend it for a first time ARPG player, but it deserves to be controversial
Why it looks pretty good to me
I'm out of the loop. What's the deal with Diablo 4?
    It's fine mostly, doesn't have much of a endgame. The problem is that 2023 has been such an absolutely stacked year for great games that mediocrity like D4 doesn't belong.
        Diablo IV is in the same boat as Starfield as far as giant budget, highly anticipated, kinda disappointing games go.
            Not sure why you're downvoted. I dropped both games around the same hour mark. I was stupidly hyped for both and both are near the same levels of mediocrity IMO.
                I think it can be viewed as an unpopular opinion, which is fine. I don't think they are horrible by any means but they lack something present in previous games from the same companies, imo.
    It’s a game that comes from a company that practically invented the ARPG genre yet they missed the mark so heavily in making an actually enjoyable ARPG experience that folk lost their minds. And that’s on top of the game launching wildly unbalanced with core mechanical issues (I.e. resistances being useless). 

Even after months of updates the game is still considered quite stale. It’s like if Ford, one of the biggest vehicle manufacturers and known for their trucks hyped the shit out of their next release and when they revealed it it was the all electric Tesla cybertruck. 

The game feels like it was made within a year, released way too early, and learned nothing from the past 20 years of arpg experience from the company that started it in the first place
        And that's without talking about the numerous and egregious (not so) micro transactions in a $70 **base game**. 

That shit is outrageous.
    Hardcore Diablo fans hate it because of the comparitively shallow skill tree and the end game but the campaign is actually very good, and I think it is obviously a very high production value product for what it is (i.e. for people who have lives outside of playing video games for hours on end).
        100% on the mark here.
        Just curious, what did you enjoy about the campaign? I ended up feeling like there was almost no memorable set pieces and a lot of annoying sequences. 

For reference, if you like ARPG campaigns I highly recommend you checkout Lost Ark, the campaign had insanely fun dungeons while leveling (you can ignore all the side quests and mechanics and endgame grind if you're just in it for the campaign)
            I played a decent amount of co op so a lot of the "boring" stuff people are talking about didn't bother me that much. I also really really enjoyed the game's soundtrack
        I am not a hardcore Diablo fan and I hated Diablo 4. It did really good at being dark and gritty but they absolutely made it a slog to do so many things.

Respeccing to try something new is such a massive pain in the ass. Doing your tasks in town went from having to only walk like 10 feet and taking 20 seconds to a few minutes of running back and forth. The combat also felt way more boring to me for some reason (possibly because I couldn't swap out skills as easily to keep it fresh).
            Understand the viewpoint! I played it more as a chill vibing game, partially co-op with a friend and generally had a good time. But yeah, lots of running. I think there's usually a good amount of random stuff to do along your way to the next quest. I also mainly stuck to one build so I didn't care about respec that much
    People on Reddit hate it when in reality it’s a popular game.
        I'm curious why you think it's a pretty popular game? There is nothing I can find that suggests that anywhere. It lost 50% of it's players in 30 days and over 90% in 90 days. It gets bumps in activity for new seasons and then drops back to nothing a week later. The only game I know that crashed and burned harder than D4 is New World.
How does Alan Wake make that list?  Not saying it doesn't deserve GOTY, it's no where as hyped/popular as other games on the list.
    Recency bias
        Spiderman 2 came out only a week earlier and was arguably more hyped and sold an insane amount of copies compared to Alan Wake 2.
            Spiderman games dont feel ~~like spiderman~~ like new games because spiderman is older than most of its target audience.
    it's not a popularity list...they think it's the best game this year. how's that strange?
        Gamers really struggle with the concept of opinions and how they can differ from person to person.
        Did you not read the comment they were replying to? The person you replied to brought up Alan Wake 2 as a counter to the person above them saying "clearly, they made a most popular and hit games of 2023 list."
    It's a weird genre, so not massively popular, and it did rather poorly sales wise. It did receive critical acclaim though. 

I don't mind it as much as I mind D4 or remakes being on that list.
    because its the newest release on that list so the hype and engagement/trending topics are mostly around it. i guarantee if they did the same list and bg3 had the hype it still had when it came out in the spring it would be on top.

Time don't care about the actual content. just the clicks.
    It's an incredible game.
Alan Wake 2 was far from the most popular game of 2023
Hogwarts Legacy not being here really kills this theory though.
Clearly they didn’t because who is talking about dead space
True. That ending made me bawl my eyes out.
Spider-Man 2 took all my friends who played it 4 hours to beat it and not much longer to 100% it
There's only one new IP in the whole list. It's wild. Sequels and remakes ~~all~~ most of the way down. Dredge is the only game on the list that isn't part of an already existing series.
>Spider-Man 2 is better than Zelda and Re4 remake?

I think most people would agree to that, yeah.

>awful open world

I enjoy the open world quite a bit as do many others.

>constant need to slow players down every couple of hours.

What? Do you mean the cutscenes? You know people enjoy the story in video games right?

>I feel insane seeing everyone praise it zealously when a core part of it's design is just absolutely awful.

You just have a different opinion from most people which is fine.
If that's the case how did Remedy get their game top of the list?
    Clearly Blizzard paid to be the 9th spot on the list
        There's only ever one explanation to anything, and it's conspiracy and bribery.  Also EA bad.
        Paid
            True
    Because Time loves Alan Wake, they also showered the original with praise aswell. I think it may have won their game of the 2010’s.
        In which case clearly they it was ranked in the spot they felt it deserved with no payment needed.
        I mean yeah, it's an awesome game
Not everything has to be a conspiracy lol.
From what I've seen there is complaints that there isn't any content after you log 350+ hours
I mean I do. But I hate talking about it on Reddit because I just get told how much of a blizzard shill I  am for enjoying the game.
People love Diablo but hate Blizzard
I mean Diablo 4 IS really good. It’s first season was kind of rough, but it’s 2nd season has been great.
    Same, brother. Let’s enjoy it in peace lol.
    Nooooooo you don’t understand! The game is bad because Reddit told you so!
        The game is bad because Blizzard milks you people for all your worth and you beg them for more.
My diehard Diablo playing friends think it's hot dogshit. The opinion extends far beyond reddit.
    My diehard Diablo playing friends think its the hottest shit yet. The opinion extends far beyond reddit.
        Yea and that's awesome, but implying that the game is considered bad *only* in the 'reddit echo chamber' is ridiculous. Tons of Diablo fans have been disappointed by it. Don't really think that's a controversial take.
            The selective reasoning about you is so scary. You can say all of that, but not notice that someone is devaluing a game belonging somewhere as the first comment? Saying a list is shit because something you don’t like is on that list is elitist & again echo chamber behavior. Reddit promotes the behavior. People see shit on here & think it’s real outside. It’s not. People like Diablo 4 for a lot and it has a lot of players. Season two has made that even better for them. It’s simple facts. You can listen to the loud minority all you want.
                r/gaming commenter tries to comprehend that different people will have different opinions about a game challenge [IMPOSSIBLE].

I *KNOW* tons of people like D4. I'm not saying they don't.
                    I explained to you fully on what echo chamber is, you can choose to not understand it. Just admit you can’t handle subjective observations lol
    Your friend is right lol
Finally a sensible take. I thought it was good fun for 50 hours, then yea it gets repetitive less to do in the endgame.
God forbid someone doesn't have the same opinion as me.
[deleted]
    Nah there should be consequences for being this dumb lol
the reddit circlejerk was defeated
It looks like just another looter shooter roguelike from what I've seen.
    It’s like destiny meets bloodborne (kinda).

But the effort and love and detail the devs put into this game is crazy. There’s so many side dungeons and secrets you could honestly play through the whole game once and only see about 30% of the content.
        It's really just a Souls-like and nothing like Destiny at all considering loot isn't randomized. But I agree with your other statements about that game.
    My guy, Remnant 2 is basically Elden Ring with guns. It's legit.
    As someone who loves fromsoft and rogue like games I enjoyed it but wouldn’t top 10 it.
    Its literally none of those things. Its a 3rd person shooter souls-like. Tons of unique bosses, weapons, and skills to find. Every world has numerous variations so theres a ton of replayability. Its very good. It also has fully fledged 3-player co-op, which is very rare for the genre.
    That may be what it looks like to you, but it is in no way a looter shooter.
It came out immediately after baldurs gate, at least that why I haven't tried it yet
nah.

it was under optimized
Yeah, it’s definitely a flawed gem. I’ve had a blast since I got it a few weeks ago, but there’s definitely some adjustments that need to be made. The trapper trait and Annilhation in particular need to be reworked.
    Annihilation is one of the bosses that Trapper has the least effect on imo. The arena is pretty big and he takes you back and forth between 2 of them. Also, neutral dodges don’t set Trapper off and most of Annihilation’s attacks are easy to neutral dodge.

Sunken Witch is where Trapper is a huge problem.
Yes, that was the main complaint from a lot of people in the first one, and they noticeably made it a lot smoother in the 2nd. And now there’s a ton of variety in content.
And you never will, lol. I was literally the exact same way, and then my friend bought it for me and him to play together when it was on sale, and I’ve been seriously hooked ever since.
I don’t know if I could really say it’s a souls-like though. It’s more of a destiny like looter shooter, in a bloodborne/Elden ring themed universe, with the optional difficulty of a souls-like.
I don't see why a full remake should be cut from the list, but Spider-Man 2 and Zelda, which reuse the same maps as their last games with few alterations get to stay.

Hell, if anything Spider-Man 2's map is missing the Chrysler building, 1 had it. No amount of extra traffic and building detail gonna make me be fine with that.
Problem is people use the phase remake for what is mostly a remaster 

A remake to me would be like you said picking an old game and it doesent have to blow away everything but to me would be changing up how it plays . Like let’s say they took fallout 3 and decided they wanted the game to go back to format and make it a top down turn based game like the original 1 and 2 . That to me would be a remake

A remaster which these games should be call is when the game is the same but a new coat of paint was put on it
Yea. It is super high quality. Absolutely worth playing
Almost Bloodborne 2, but from ppl doing soulsborne 1st time, good for theur 1st soulsborne and way better then most.
It’s good, but not GOTY good imo. Maybe in a less stacked year it would be.
    [deleted]
        I mean plenty of souls players definitely are in it for the gameplay and the bosses, it just so happens fromsoft are really good at level and world design as well on top of that
It looks like they hired a freelance journalist to write this up.  As for the list itself, I'd assume it's either one of two things:

1)  He unilaterally made a list based on his own preferences and posted it as "Time's list,"  or;

2)  He consulted Time staff who were gamers and created the list based on those conversations. 

I'd lean towards #2 unless other evidence comes to light. It's also laughable at the amount of people here who think there is some larger conspiracy at work.
    >It's also laughable at the amount of people here who think there is some larger conspiracy at work.

just normal internet echo chamber stuff
Just Time magazine's list. I didn't even know they had one and I played BG1 when it came out.
    IIRC they had some really crap games journalist writing about a game, can’t remember which game it was, might have been D4, either way they too lost all credibility when it comes to games back then. Good for AW2 to get some recognition though!
Phantom Liberty is an expansion, it doesn't qualify for *game* of the year.
You’ve *clearly* never played a visual novel if you think Alan Wake 2 is anything like one.
Remnant 2 being snubbed on all these lists drives me nuts. It's better than most things that came out this year.
    Yeah leaving Remnant 2 out of top 10 makes zero sense, objectively.
Their singular gaming writer is just a huge Alan Wake fan apparently
    Maybe AW is the author
        I bet it was scratch!
        Chaos ensues
They ranked it no1 in 2010 over Mass Effect 2, Mario Galaxy 2, Fallout New Vegas, Red Dead Redemption, Halo Reach, and AssCreed Brotherhood(the best one)?

really?
Alan Wake and Angry Birds are Finnish. They also ranked Fallen Leaves (Finnish) as the best movie of 2023. They're simping us.
ME2 and SC2 should be 2 and 3 in that list. SC2 was crazy good when it came out. they just never gave a shit to keep up with it.
Exactly. Bunch of gatekeeping dorks getting mad in here.
    Gatekeeping dorks getting mad? On Reddit?!?
Time has a top TV shows, top movies and top music list.  But because of Diablo at number 9 they need to stay in their lane.
[deleted]
As a guy who's been Google searching "Alan Wake 2 news" for the past 13 years, it was 1000% my GotY. 

I'm a bit of a sucker for a good song in a game as well... and The Old Gods of Asgard delivered.
That remake statement is pretty egregious, but yeah 16 is good. Wpuos have armored core over diablo for me though.
Final Fantasy 7 remake is basically a completely different game. So something like that I would allow. Just updating the graphics shouldn’t be allowed.
It’s really that good. One of the best examples of what s sequel should be, improving on the first game in nearly every way

It feels like a culmination of everything Remedy has learned as a studio for the past 20 years
    Can confirm. It's so good I actually want to go back and replay it within instantly finishing it. It's been weeks and I still haven't been able to push that replay feeling away. 

The combat was just amazing. At no point even up to the end I never felt overpowered like most games. Even your most simple Taken can humble you. 

And the music from the game? Oh my god the music. The poets of the Fall/old guards of Asgard did a STELLAR job on that game.
        Dark Ocean Summoning has been living rent free in my head for a few weeks now
            Hell yeah man between that and Herald of Darkness are amazing enough so I went and checked the Poets of the Falls other work. They have some decent stuff. Dark Disquiet is pretty sick
            The Old Gods of Asgard are gonna be performing at The Game Awards this year
        Same! New game plus with new story content is coming this month, that’s the only reason I’ve waited
            Oh holy shit what? New story content? I heard about the new game plus but new content?!
        Fuck bro, I’ve wanted that game since it was announced but this simple summery is making he want to drop them dollars. Hope my 3070 rtx can handle it.
            My 3070 was ok. It had a moment or two where it kinda took a shit but overall it was a 9/10 attempt out of the card. 

Just go get it man. It's 100% worth the money and you'll support a very obvious Alan wake 3
                Sweet, done homie.
                    Have fun man. You're gonna love it
        [deleted]
            That's actually what I was waiting for! I heard about the new game plus feature a while back but having new actual story content sealed the deal. I'm just waiting for the patch to drop.
    is it good if you didn't play the first one?
I didn't play the first Alan Wake, but I got Alan Wake 2. It may be one of my favorite games of all time? It was an experience.
    Yah it becomes less and less “game” and more experience. Which is great in its own rights, but I could have done without any of Alan’s gameplay. Minus the scene switching which is technically impressive and very well used.

While Baldurs gate 3, was just an amazing everything start to finish, with insane replay value.
        Really? I know Alan's was a bit annoying in the way it mandated wasted resource usage, but I thought it was a masterclass in how to do paranoid horror shooter stuff.

Enemies that are and aren't real but that all look identical until you either spend resources to find out, or they attack you. But even the fake ones can still grab you, making *every single shadow* a threat to the player that appears *dozens* at a time. They all move the same, real or fake, and they all whisper quietly. 

The fact they're all dangerous, impossible to distinguish between real and fake (without resources), *numerous,* and positively paranoia-inducing on top of it all was just awesome. It really showed off Remedy's horror chops and fit perfectly, thematically to Wake's section.
            I only just started Alan’s combat section but so far I haven’t needed to spend any resources to dispel the “false” shadows. The standard flashlight will make them vanish if you wait a few seconds, no resources needed. Maybe that changes idk.
        I see some people this say this, I feel totally the opposite. For me, Saga was a blank slate character and her gameplay was pretty standard.
        I sometimes feel like I'm the only person in the world that didn't like Baldur's gate.  I think maybe it's because the controls are so janky on PS5?  I don't know, but the game very quickly turned into more work than fun and I really dislike managing inventory.  I made it a few hours in, got the party split up accidentally because i tried to jump somewhere, then just turned it off.
        Ok ty picked up Allan wake 2 and I just don’t like Allan’s gameplay maybe that’s just me
    Did not playing the first game detract from your experience playing the second?  I haven't played the first game, but I am curious about 2.
        I played Control, so that was a strong lore entry point. From there, I just watched the creator recap it all on IGN's YouTube. I feel like it does a good job explaining what you need to know from the first game in general, though.
            Right on. Control was great. Maybe I'll replay that first and pick up 2 afterwards.
    I enjoyed AW2-squeezed almost 35 hours out of it, but the story made zero sense to me.
        Gotta watch or play Alan Wake 1 and Control for things to make sense.  Alan Wake to kind of get how the darkness worked and how it ties in with his writing (as well as to understood what his wife went through) and Control to understand the FBC side of things and all the bizarre SCP shit they investigate
One of the best sequels I’ve ever played,  and one of the best Survival Horror games I’ve played.  

It was so good that it completely killed any interest I had in the Silent Hill 2 remake.
    SH2 remake is fighting a hard battle up hill. I may even like Alan Wake 2 more than OG SH2, so good luck, Blooper.   


But we should take this as a good sign, too. When was the last time survival horror fans had competition within the genre that had this kind of conversation? PS2 golden era for horror is a long time ago.
It is SO good, the first 2 hours feels like Twin Peaks had a baby with x-files, True detective and David Fincher 😅
I thought it was incredible. I could see it being disappointing if you play it after hearing how good it is just like any game. 

I can also see it not working for a lot of people since it's slow and moody compared to most of the games on the list. You don't even use your weapon for the first hour or two. If you enjoyed the atmosphere of True Detective and enjoy that slow burn, its great.
I haven’t beaten it yet, but I’m pretty far in, and I’ve already experienced what I assume is the most fun, over-the-top sequence in the game. I was very excited for the game, having played the first one and absolutely loved Control.

I’ve been somewhat disappointed by it, and it does not warrant GOTY to me. The presentation and atmosphere are amazing, but it’s a simple game with several illusory mechanics, like the completely pointless detective board and the profiling function that’s basically just “select all options to proceed.” Both of those are features of the Saga Anderson half of the game, which is also the less visually inventive and generally less compelling half of the game. The Alan Wake half has more interesting mechanics, but I don’t think they’re used as well as they could’ve been.

In some ways I’m happy that it’s part of the GOTY conversation, but at the same time, I think Armored Core 6 is more deserving of a place on these lists than at least a third of the games getting recognized.
Absolutely, go in as blind as you can though! It's a great survival horror game and has quite the amazing art direction and sound design, and the story is something else!
    Do i need to play the first game to understand it? Or can i play the second game on its own
        You'll appreciate the game a lot more if you've played Alan Wake and Control (the two series are linked). You can enjoy it fine without having done so but you'll likely miss the significance of certain moments and characters.
        That's what I'm doing and it's fine. I'm definitely going to play the first one + DLC's and Control next, though.
It's honestly excellent. Nothing like the first game at all. 

It's a tough one between that and Baldurs Gate myself.
Its fucking incredible.
It's more survival horror than action horror like the first game, and there's a lot more chilling / talking to people. If you like slow, story heavy games with a lot of optional riddles and some amazing world building, you'll love Alan Wake 2. But you won't be running down bad guys in a jeep like the first game.
I'm playing through it now and honestly it's incredible. Especially having just recently played the first (and Control as well). AW2 has cemented Remedy as a top dev, just releasing bangers.
it isssss soooooooo good i played it and i never been so impressed with the detail in this game
It is that good yes. Got flaws, but it get so many things right
If they increased the amount of enemies by like 2-3x it would have been alot better. Big chunks of it were simply walking around "solving" random things
Best game I’ve played since Frog Detective 3 finally answered the question of whether or not crime is real.

Joking aside, AW2 is very specific. If you’re into the kind of thing it is — a mixed media narrative video game experience — it’s incredible. If you only love leveling up and getting loot and killing elves or whatever with swords, this won’t hit for you. If you’re expecting fun mechanical gameplay, this isn’t that either. The gameplay is fine and way better than the first one, but it’s not like Control or anything. It’s like if the typical mediocre gameplay from the 2000-2010 survival horror genre just got way more polished.

AW2 was amazing. I would’ve been content with it just being the same mediocre game with a neat story/vibe the first one was if I could just continue the 13-year cliffhanger, but man, Remedy went nuts with this game. It’s like the most creative, most detailed AAA game I’ve ever seen or played. Like, even the little songs in between chapters end up being a narrative device.
not really.
It's a passion project that clearly had a lot of love put into it but the game itself is mid and not going to be enjoyed by most.  

The game is over 20 hours long and should be around 10. It's a narrative that would have been more enjoyable to watch than play.
Alan wake is so good everyone talks about it all the time and it makes front page posts daily.  No wait that’s bg3
    So popular stuff = better? Got it. Taylor Swift is the best artist of all times and CoD & Fifa are the greatest games ever then.
        Dude...  Its not being talked about because its popular, its being talked about because its awesome.
    I've seen pretty even coverage of both since AW2 released to be honest. What does BG3 have to do with whether or not AW2 is good though? Are you of some bizarre belief that for one to be good the other must be bad? It's not pie.
No it's really not. The gameplay is tedious and slow with frustrating puzzles that get bugged and prevent progression. The combat is absolutely atrocious and outdated. I was very disappointed with the 4 hours I put into it. It's like a really boring episode of the First 48. I'm gonna get downvoted to oblivion for this but Alan Wake 2 is one of the worst games I have ever played. Even the pretty graphics and nods to Control couldn't save this game for me.
It is good but definitely feels overrated around here.
And people don’t believe me in this sub when I say Alan wake is under-appreciated (not underrated). Even in a post that you would think should be about Alan wake it’s about something else entirely. When Alan wake 2 was announced there was hardly any posts compared to the other games announced and way less chatter on those posts too. 

That’s why I hope Alan wake 2 wins GOTY so a lot more people, especially the average Joe outside of this sub, can (hopefully) finally acknowledge it
Being miserable is an addiction
I dare to say that Alan Wake was an incredible game and deserves every praise it gets
and that if you like Starfield even a bit, you committed all seven deadly sins hundreds of times all at once
    Nah loved both that list is shit lmfao
I have a seemingly very unpopular opinion on BG3.  Didn't buy it, so no sweat.
for me at least, it is lol. it's the game of the decade
She was only given one code, for herself.

Besides, with Epic being the publisher, and it being digital-only for consoles, apparently it's quite locked down on "promo" copies.
I loved Re4 remake, shit I’ve loved all of them so far, re2 was crazy. But I’ve been waiting for DS remake for ages, the scares in that game are so hardcore lol. Happy it just got added to game pass. Silent hill 2 remake, that’s going to be the holy grail.
If just for the concert level, that was next level WTF this is amazing. I think it even beat FC3 drug burning scene for the best use of music in a scene.
    It really was a "oh ok, we're really doing this!" type of level. Completely bonkers in the best way possible.
Lmao right? This is a modest game with a modest marketing budget. It didn’t even get a physical release because the margins are so tight on this one; their last major release, despite more mainstream appeal, really underperformed. 

Some people are just delusional with these conspiracy theories.
    It's even funnier to imagine Activision Blizzard paying money to be...checks list...9th. What is the going rate for 9th place? Is that like a ballpark hotdog and the change from the purchase? A warm smile? What does a guy gotta do to buy 9th place around here?!
Lower than average.
    Average
Deceptively so. At first it seems very similar, but the new abilities changed almost everything about how you can interact with the world. Then the little changes to the map start to add up. Then you discover the depths, which are incredibly fun to explore and probably the most realized Zelda Dark World. By the end, it makes BotW seem like a demo.
    The Depths are like 90% filler content though, they made it way, way too big for the amount of interesting things there are to do down there
Spiderman 2 is a great game and I understand anyone who personally liked it more than any other game on the list but its really not GotY material in my humble opinion.
Its a slight upgrade on a great first game.
Any fan of games in general should laugh at this list
I agree, I enjoyed it too.
Almost makes you believe all these people blindly praising BG3 like the second coming of christ are “paid off”. Because they sound like it.
    Fr. This subreddit felt like a billboard of BG3 advertisements for 2 straight months. It was fucking horrible.
    And then you realize that DnD is owned by Wizards of the Coast, the people who sent Pinkertons after youtubers because they got a pack of Magic: The Gathering cards sent to them early. Which makes it even more likely than just a passing thought.
Reddit has a MASSIVE boner for bg3. Say anything bad about it and you’re downvoted like crazy.
    Geeks gonna like geeky stuff I guess. It's like people were with The Witcher 3 lol. Yeah it's a good game, but can you STFU about it a bit sometimes? Other games exist lol...
    BG3 is amazing, but let’s not get it twisted, the games been in early access for 3 years, and is quite literally just dnd. Everything about how bug free the game is should 100% be expected after that kind of testing
    Shock horror: a gaming subreddit generally likes a really good game
        One thing is to like a good game, other is to dickride it and pretend that its the most perfect game ever made and everyone who don't like is wrong.
    > Say anything bad about it and you’re downvoted like crazy.

Reminds me of the Zelda games. Also, Elden Ring.
I completely disagree with AW2 being better than BG3. But that's not the issue.

What invalidates the entire list is Diablo 4 being included. When you have takes like that, you lose the right to have your gaming list taken seriously. This was either paid or the list was chosen by higher ups who are friends with ceo's at the respective companies.
    Look, I get the impulse to believe that, but that theory is invalidated by the fact that Diablo 4 came in ninth place on this one. 


A massive company like ActiBlizz, if it *were* paying for review scores and/or spots on GOTY lists, would absolutely pay for top spot. The more likely explanation is just that it's something that people disagree with, and it's just the opinion of the people who made the list. 


Not everything is a conspiracy, man. People can disagree without some ulterior motive.
    To be fair, Diablo IV is great until the lackluster end game loot grind and majority of reviewers or judges for these awards wouldn’t be playing end game like this to see its faults
Totally get it, just think sf6 should be given it’s proper due for its accessibility, and literally giving gamers the easiest on ramp to falling in love with fighting games of all time.
Overrated to some, sure. But as a Survival Horror fan, we don't get AAA games often these days. The genre is mostly indie games in PS1 style of first person with blocks as human characters. Alan Wake 2 is a shock to see for Survival Horror gamers. The days of classic Resi, Silent Hill, and Fatal Frame are long gone for us.
Oh I am thrilled with this year for gaming. It’s amazing that we have so many games that would easily win goty any other year but can’t this year because of the competition
I agree that Diablo 4 does not deserve to be in the top 10 unfortunately neither does FF16.
    I’d rank FF16 higher than Diablo and Star Wars personally.
        I would as well, but there are more deserving games like HI-FI Rush or even RPG’s like Sea of Stars than those games
            Chained Echos constantly being snubbed is a crime. (it came out dec 2022 but typically december titles get pushed into next years lists)
            Sea of Stars stunk lol
        Haven't played Star Wars but I would put it ahead of Dead Space too.
            Why do remakes deserve to be on the list? They should have their own category.
                I think if it's a ground up remake, it can be considered a new game

A remaster on the other hand shouldn't. Line gets fuzzy around games like Super Mario RPG or Link's Awakening which are remakes, but 1 to 1 remakes which feels more in the realm of remaster.

This and what's considered indies have loose definitions
                Some remakes are worth it though. Some "remakes" are just glorified remasters.
                    That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
                        The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
        I think that’s an issue with those games being in the list, not necessarily that FF16 belongs there.
    yeah, I was so excited for it and for the life of me just could not get into it.  Such a bummer
    naaaah.
    Armored Core VI easily replaces both
    FF16 is for sure better than Jedi.
Bro the only people I hear talking about Alan wake 2 are news articles mentioning it’s GOTY material. How does that even compare to the literal frenzy that Tears of the kingdom or baldurs gate put the internet into? The list is bogus - D4 even making the list shows that.
    As a huge Zelda fan, Tears is not GOTY. I loved the first 40 hours or so beating the campaign, but the depths becomes a boring collectathon and so does the overworld.

I think they needed more sidequests (not just korok seeds or sign ones) to make it feel more like a real world. I haven't played any of the others but tears definitely has some flaws.
        That quest where you have to bomb the plateau to empty the dam was cool. I wish there were more “Zelda” esque puzzles like that instead of just more BotW.
    I love D4 and play each season consistently... it doesn't deserve to be in top 10.
The Diablo 4 campaign was great and flowed well.  They must have never played past that.
    Yeah I don't get why people gloss over the campaign like it doesn't matter to everyone, it most certainly does to reviewers and to the large majority of players who aren't streamers.
        Loved the campaign and have played it twice with my wife.
            I enjoyed the campaign too, and season 2 is a apparently big improvement which is when I bought it. Played it for about 50 hours. I don't feel D4 is GOTY category but for the $42 it cost on Steam I got my money worth.
        I'd say it's one of the most important things considering how many people don't even finish games.  
And not 100% finish, beat the game finish haha.
[removed]
I would much rather play D4 than ever touch FF16 again lol
Diablo 4 was terrible
They absolutely deserve it thinking people were going to keep playing their game when the first 4 hours is cutscenes.
It was the lack of combat diversity that made me lose interest halfway through.
    I hated how empty the world felt.  When I play an RPG, I want to discover random shit out in the world.... when I wandered off the course in FF16, it just felt like I found the same old little blue shiny dongle that had some random ass item I didn't care about.  I stopped exploring beyond the main quest and then gave up altogether.
        I wish they would give FF6(FF3 in the US) the FF7 remake treatment.  Also a FFX remake too.  

You are definitely right about losing the sense of discovery in the world.
        The quests, while being itneresting story wise, were tedious and boring to do. And most of the time the result of the story was "racism bad, look at all of this racism" or "we've got hope and we will make it". Bad combat diversity, bad enemy variety, nothing to explore, a useless crafting system, and so on.  


The game is very much style over substance. It's very pretty, has a good main character and a couple of stellar supporting cast members, so this is enough to make most people think it,s great.
Even that stuff was really interesting to me.  The actual ending was just garbage, though.  Managed to kill any desire to replay it with the way they wrote that.
The gameplay is quite bad. Making me run back and forth through the same town to talk to bland NPCs over and over is bad game design. Combat is initially fun but quickly gets repetitive. Characters are mostly bland and not particularly likeable - especially when compared to other entries like ff7.
    Combat ist only repetitive by choice. There are plenty cool combos you can learn to make the fights more interesting. Also IMO most of the characters are great. There just more subdued compared to the flashy characters of FF7.
The only weird choice on the list is Diablo 4, and that is a mid-tier spicy take at best.
Your mention of Starfield truly encapsulated your entire argument. I went from nodding along in agreement with everything you said to vehemently disagreeing with you. Now, I find myself questioning the validity of everything else you mentioned, all based on a single game.
    That's the beauty of opinions and subjectivity.

I'm taking a bunch of leadership courses right now, and one of the big takeaways is to always put effort into understanding the other person. You need to look inwardly rather than judging them, especially when there's something you disagree on.

I didn't even buy Starfield or D4 because I knew I wasn't going to like them much and figured they'd be kinda flashes in the pan. Just because I was right doesn't mean I'm super smart and don't have some major biases tho. Had some friends play through D4, and they liked it up until the campaign was over. Had another friend who put a shit ton of hours into starfield. I think in any rating system like this, you should be gathering opinions from several diverse people with a variety of tastes. As well, open-mindedness would be a quality I'd be looking for with all my reviewers, and I would like it if they all put some time into every game that made the shortlist.
    Starfield might be a boring beige game, but even then it,s still better then D4. I feel ike starfield has some potential it could rise up too. It's not in my top 10 this year for sure, but it is better then D4
    So much hate for a game lol

Relax dude
        I dont hate it, it's too bland to have feelings as strong as hate about it.
[deleted]
    I've sunk hundreds of hours in Dwarf Fortress since December, and there isn't a chance it is going to be on a list from Time.
Hi-Fi Rush
>or good remakes 

I don't think remakes should ever be eligible for awards like these. "Awards" being used in the loosest of ways, of course.

I want to see fresh ideas rewarded. Not cash grabs.
    I can respect a good remake. Remaking a classic game with a modern engine, UI, general production value, while remaining faithful to the original concept and game, can be tricky to do. 

But I agree, remaking a game isn't the same as making a new one. And rewarding a game for being the best of 2023 is a bit odd when the game being awarded was made two decades ago.
        It depends how big the Remake is. Something that big and remade from the ground up deserves a mention. A remaster should never be on a GOTY list however.  


But think about it this way. If a remake is the best game of the year, what does this say about the other games? And RE4R is a special case. RE4 is probably one of the best games ever made. It's quite possible in many people's top 20 or even top 10. It's a rare case.
        It's like double jeopardy. If a game has already been eligible for GOTY, I don't think a remake should have eligibility again.
    There's a difference between a cash grab and a well done remake. RE4 and Dead Space are amazing remakes. Things like the GTA remastered trilogy and last of us remastered are cash grabs.
    Remakes of movies have been nominated and won prestigious awards in the past, and rightfully so. I don’t see why the same philosophy can’t be applied to video games.
I enjoyed starfield, it's crazy to me it didn't make the list but some of those other games did. As a hardcore lifelong Diablo fan, Diablo 4 doesn't belong on that list at all
D4 wasn't that bad. The campaign alone was fantastic and the only reason one would dismiss it is if they played more than 70 hours (which would invalidate spiderman as well, an 8 hour game).
    If you come at it like an avid ARPG player it really isn't more than 10-20 hours. Maybe 2x that if you feel inspired to make a second character. And ARPG campaigns have never been as fun as like Skyrim or something, it isn't exactly what they designed for IMO

I'd almost argue it's like a 9/10 for half the player base and a 4/10 for the other half, and that average should not make a top list of anything. I think I'd even recommend it for a first time ARPG player, but it deserves to be controversial
It's fine mostly, doesn't have much of a endgame. The problem is that 2023 has been such an absolutely stacked year for great games that mediocrity like D4 doesn't belong.
    Diablo IV is in the same boat as Starfield as far as giant budget, highly anticipated, kinda disappointing games go.
        Not sure why you're downvoted. I dropped both games around the same hour mark. I was stupidly hyped for both and both are near the same levels of mediocrity IMO.
            I think it can be viewed as an unpopular opinion, which is fine. I don't think they are horrible by any means but they lack something present in previous games from the same companies, imo.
It’s a game that comes from a company that practically invented the ARPG genre yet they missed the mark so heavily in making an actually enjoyable ARPG experience that folk lost their minds. And that’s on top of the game launching wildly unbalanced with core mechanical issues (I.e. resistances being useless). 

Even after months of updates the game is still considered quite stale. It’s like if Ford, one of the biggest vehicle manufacturers and known for their trucks hyped the shit out of their next release and when they revealed it it was the all electric Tesla cybertruck. 

The game feels like it was made within a year, released way too early, and learned nothing from the past 20 years of arpg experience from the company that started it in the first place
    And that's without talking about the numerous and egregious (not so) micro transactions in a $70 **base game**. 

That shit is outrageous.
Hardcore Diablo fans hate it because of the comparitively shallow skill tree and the end game but the campaign is actually very good, and I think it is obviously a very high production value product for what it is (i.e. for people who have lives outside of playing video games for hours on end).
    100% on the mark here.
    Just curious, what did you enjoy about the campaign? I ended up feeling like there was almost no memorable set pieces and a lot of annoying sequences. 

For reference, if you like ARPG campaigns I highly recommend you checkout Lost Ark, the campaign had insanely fun dungeons while leveling (you can ignore all the side quests and mechanics and endgame grind if you're just in it for the campaign)
        I played a decent amount of co op so a lot of the "boring" stuff people are talking about didn't bother me that much. I also really really enjoyed the game's soundtrack
    I am not a hardcore Diablo fan and I hated Diablo 4. It did really good at being dark and gritty but they absolutely made it a slog to do so many things.

Respeccing to try something new is such a massive pain in the ass. Doing your tasks in town went from having to only walk like 10 feet and taking 20 seconds to a few minutes of running back and forth. The combat also felt way more boring to me for some reason (possibly because I couldn't swap out skills as easily to keep it fresh).
        Understand the viewpoint! I played it more as a chill vibing game, partially co-op with a friend and generally had a good time. But yeah, lots of running. I think there's usually a good amount of random stuff to do along your way to the next quest. I also mainly stuck to one build so I didn't care about respec that much
People on Reddit hate it when in reality it’s a popular game.
    I'm curious why you think it's a pretty popular game? There is nothing I can find that suggests that anywhere. It lost 50% of it's players in 30 days and over 90% in 90 days. It gets bumps in activity for new seasons and then drops back to nothing a week later. The only game I know that crashed and burned harder than D4 is New World.
Recency bias
    Spiderman 2 came out only a week earlier and was arguably more hyped and sold an insane amount of copies compared to Alan Wake 2.
        Spiderman games dont feel ~~like spiderman~~ like new games because spiderman is older than most of its target audience.
it's not a popularity list...they think it's the best game this year. how's that strange?
    Gamers really struggle with the concept of opinions and how they can differ from person to person.
    Did you not read the comment they were replying to? The person you replied to brought up Alan Wake 2 as a counter to the person above them saying "clearly, they made a most popular and hit games of 2023 list."
It's a weird genre, so not massively popular, and it did rather poorly sales wise. It did receive critical acclaim though. 

I don't mind it as much as I mind D4 or remakes being on that list.
because its the newest release on that list so the hype and engagement/trending topics are mostly around it. i guarantee if they did the same list and bg3 had the hype it still had when it came out in the spring it would be on top.

Time don't care about the actual content. just the clicks.
It's an incredible game.
Clearly Blizzard paid to be the 9th spot on the list
    There's only ever one explanation to anything, and it's conspiracy and bribery.  Also EA bad.
    Paid
        True
Because Time loves Alan Wake, they also showered the original with praise aswell. I think it may have won their game of the 2010’s.
    In which case clearly they it was ranked in the spot they felt it deserved with no payment needed.
    I mean yeah, it's an awesome game
Same, brother. Let’s enjoy it in peace lol.
Nooooooo you don’t understand! The game is bad because Reddit told you so!
    The game is bad because Blizzard milks you people for all your worth and you beg them for more.
My diehard Diablo playing friends think its the hottest shit yet. The opinion extends far beyond reddit.
    Yea and that's awesome, but implying that the game is considered bad *only* in the 'reddit echo chamber' is ridiculous. Tons of Diablo fans have been disappointed by it. Don't really think that's a controversial take.
        The selective reasoning about you is so scary. You can say all of that, but not notice that someone is devaluing a game belonging somewhere as the first comment? Saying a list is shit because something you don’t like is on that list is elitist & again echo chamber behavior. Reddit promotes the behavior. People see shit on here & think it’s real outside. It’s not. People like Diablo 4 for a lot and it has a lot of players. Season two has made that even better for them. It’s simple facts. You can listen to the loud minority all you want.
            r/gaming commenter tries to comprehend that different people will have different opinions about a game challenge [IMPOSSIBLE].

I *KNOW* tons of people like D4. I'm not saying they don't.
                I explained to you fully on what echo chamber is, you can choose to not understand it. Just admit you can’t handle subjective observations lol
Your friend is right lol
Nah there should be consequences for being this dumb lol
It’s like destiny meets bloodborne (kinda).

But the effort and love and detail the devs put into this game is crazy. There’s so many side dungeons and secrets you could honestly play through the whole game once and only see about 30% of the content.
    It's really just a Souls-like and nothing like Destiny at all considering loot isn't randomized. But I agree with your other statements about that game.
My guy, Remnant 2 is basically Elden Ring with guns. It's legit.
As someone who loves fromsoft and rogue like games I enjoyed it but wouldn’t top 10 it.
Its literally none of those things. Its a 3rd person shooter souls-like. Tons of unique bosses, weapons, and skills to find. Every world has numerous variations so theres a ton of replayability. Its very good. It also has fully fledged 3-player co-op, which is very rare for the genre.
That may be what it looks like to you, but it is in no way a looter shooter.
Annihilation is one of the bosses that Trapper has the least effect on imo. The arena is pretty big and he takes you back and forth between 2 of them. Also, neutral dodges don’t set Trapper off and most of Annihilation’s attacks are easy to neutral dodge.

Sunken Witch is where Trapper is a huge problem.
[deleted]
    I mean plenty of souls players definitely are in it for the gameplay and the bosses, it just so happens fromsoft are really good at level and world design as well on top of that
>It's also laughable at the amount of people here who think there is some larger conspiracy at work.

just normal internet echo chamber stuff
IIRC they had some really crap games journalist writing about a game, can’t remember which game it was, might have been D4, either way they too lost all credibility when it comes to games back then. Good for AW2 to get some recognition though!
Yeah leaving Remnant 2 out of top 10 makes zero sense, objectively.
Maybe AW is the author
    I bet it was scratch!
    Chaos ensues
Gatekeeping dorks getting mad? On Reddit?!?
Can confirm. It's so good I actually want to go back and replay it within instantly finishing it. It's been weeks and I still haven't been able to push that replay feeling away. 

The combat was just amazing. At no point even up to the end I never felt overpowered like most games. Even your most simple Taken can humble you. 

And the music from the game? Oh my god the music. The poets of the Fall/old guards of Asgard did a STELLAR job on that game.
    Dark Ocean Summoning has been living rent free in my head for a few weeks now
        Hell yeah man between that and Herald of Darkness are amazing enough so I went and checked the Poets of the Falls other work. They have some decent stuff. Dark Disquiet is pretty sick
        The Old Gods of Asgard are gonna be performing at The Game Awards this year
    Same! New game plus with new story content is coming this month, that’s the only reason I’ve waited
        Oh holy shit what? New story content? I heard about the new game plus but new content?!
    Fuck bro, I’ve wanted that game since it was announced but this simple summery is making he want to drop them dollars. Hope my 3070 rtx can handle it.
        My 3070 was ok. It had a moment or two where it kinda took a shit but overall it was a 9/10 attempt out of the card. 

Just go get it man. It's 100% worth the money and you'll support a very obvious Alan wake 3
            Sweet, done homie.
                Have fun man. You're gonna love it
    [deleted]
        That's actually what I was waiting for! I heard about the new game plus feature a while back but having new actual story content sealed the deal. I'm just waiting for the patch to drop.
is it good if you didn't play the first one?
Yah it becomes less and less “game” and more experience. Which is great in its own rights, but I could have done without any of Alan’s gameplay. Minus the scene switching which is technically impressive and very well used.

While Baldurs gate 3, was just an amazing everything start to finish, with insane replay value.
    Really? I know Alan's was a bit annoying in the way it mandated wasted resource usage, but I thought it was a masterclass in how to do paranoid horror shooter stuff.

Enemies that are and aren't real but that all look identical until you either spend resources to find out, or they attack you. But even the fake ones can still grab you, making *every single shadow* a threat to the player that appears *dozens* at a time. They all move the same, real or fake, and they all whisper quietly. 

The fact they're all dangerous, impossible to distinguish between real and fake (without resources), *numerous,* and positively paranoia-inducing on top of it all was just awesome. It really showed off Remedy's horror chops and fit perfectly, thematically to Wake's section.
        I only just started Alan’s combat section but so far I haven’t needed to spend any resources to dispel the “false” shadows. The standard flashlight will make them vanish if you wait a few seconds, no resources needed. Maybe that changes idk.
    I see some people this say this, I feel totally the opposite. For me, Saga was a blank slate character and her gameplay was pretty standard.
    I sometimes feel like I'm the only person in the world that didn't like Baldur's gate.  I think maybe it's because the controls are so janky on PS5?  I don't know, but the game very quickly turned into more work than fun and I really dislike managing inventory.  I made it a few hours in, got the party split up accidentally because i tried to jump somewhere, then just turned it off.
    Ok ty picked up Allan wake 2 and I just don’t like Allan’s gameplay maybe that’s just me
Did not playing the first game detract from your experience playing the second?  I haven't played the first game, but I am curious about 2.
    I played Control, so that was a strong lore entry point. From there, I just watched the creator recap it all on IGN's YouTube. I feel like it does a good job explaining what you need to know from the first game in general, though.
        Right on. Control was great. Maybe I'll replay that first and pick up 2 afterwards.
I enjoyed AW2-squeezed almost 35 hours out of it, but the story made zero sense to me.
    Gotta watch or play Alan Wake 1 and Control for things to make sense.  Alan Wake to kind of get how the darkness worked and how it ties in with his writing (as well as to understood what his wife went through) and Control to understand the FBC side of things and all the bizarre SCP shit they investigate
SH2 remake is fighting a hard battle up hill. I may even like Alan Wake 2 more than OG SH2, so good luck, Blooper.   


But we should take this as a good sign, too. When was the last time survival horror fans had competition within the genre that had this kind of conversation? PS2 golden era for horror is a long time ago.
Do i need to play the first game to understand it? Or can i play the second game on its own
    You'll appreciate the game a lot more if you've played Alan Wake and Control (the two series are linked). You can enjoy it fine without having done so but you'll likely miss the significance of certain moments and characters.
    That's what I'm doing and it's fine. I'm definitely going to play the first one + DLC's and Control next, though.
So popular stuff = better? Got it. Taylor Swift is the best artist of all times and CoD & Fifa are the greatest games ever then.
    Dude...  Its not being talked about because its popular, its being talked about because its awesome.
I've seen pretty even coverage of both since AW2 released to be honest. What does BG3 have to do with whether or not AW2 is good though? Are you of some bizarre belief that for one to be good the other must be bad? It's not pie.
Nah loved both that list is shit lmfao
It really was a "oh ok, we're really doing this!" type of level. Completely bonkers in the best way possible.
It's even funnier to imagine Activision Blizzard paying money to be...checks list...9th. What is the going rate for 9th place? Is that like a ballpark hotdog and the change from the purchase? A warm smile? What does a guy gotta do to buy 9th place around here?!
Average
The Depths are like 90% filler content though, they made it way, way too big for the amount of interesting things there are to do down there
Fr. This subreddit felt like a billboard of BG3 advertisements for 2 straight months. It was fucking horrible.
And then you realize that DnD is owned by Wizards of the Coast, the people who sent Pinkertons after youtubers because they got a pack of Magic: The Gathering cards sent to them early. Which makes it even more likely than just a passing thought.
Geeks gonna like geeky stuff I guess. It's like people were with The Witcher 3 lol. Yeah it's a good game, but can you STFU about it a bit sometimes? Other games exist lol...
BG3 is amazing, but let’s not get it twisted, the games been in early access for 3 years, and is quite literally just dnd. Everything about how bug free the game is should 100% be expected after that kind of testing
Shock horror: a gaming subreddit generally likes a really good game
    One thing is to like a good game, other is to dickride it and pretend that its the most perfect game ever made and everyone who don't like is wrong.
> Say anything bad about it and you’re downvoted like crazy.

Reminds me of the Zelda games. Also, Elden Ring.
Look, I get the impulse to believe that, but that theory is invalidated by the fact that Diablo 4 came in ninth place on this one. 


A massive company like ActiBlizz, if it *were* paying for review scores and/or spots on GOTY lists, would absolutely pay for top spot. The more likely explanation is just that it's something that people disagree with, and it's just the opinion of the people who made the list. 


Not everything is a conspiracy, man. People can disagree without some ulterior motive.
To be fair, Diablo IV is great until the lackluster end game loot grind and majority of reviewers or judges for these awards wouldn’t be playing end game like this to see its faults
I’d rank FF16 higher than Diablo and Star Wars personally.
    I would as well, but there are more deserving games like HI-FI Rush or even RPG’s like Sea of Stars than those games
        Chained Echos constantly being snubbed is a crime. (it came out dec 2022 but typically december titles get pushed into next years lists)
        Sea of Stars stunk lol
    Haven't played Star Wars but I would put it ahead of Dead Space too.
        Why do remakes deserve to be on the list? They should have their own category.
            I think if it's a ground up remake, it can be considered a new game

A remaster on the other hand shouldn't. Line gets fuzzy around games like Super Mario RPG or Link's Awakening which are remakes, but 1 to 1 remakes which feels more in the realm of remaster.

This and what's considered indies have loose definitions
            Some remakes are worth it though. Some "remakes" are just glorified remasters.
                That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
                    The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
    I think that’s an issue with those games being in the list, not necessarily that FF16 belongs there.
yeah, I was so excited for it and for the life of me just could not get into it.  Such a bummer
naaaah.
Armored Core VI easily replaces both
FF16 is for sure better than Jedi.
As a huge Zelda fan, Tears is not GOTY. I loved the first 40 hours or so beating the campaign, but the depths becomes a boring collectathon and so does the overworld.

I think they needed more sidequests (not just korok seeds or sign ones) to make it feel more like a real world. I haven't played any of the others but tears definitely has some flaws.
    That quest where you have to bomb the plateau to empty the dam was cool. I wish there were more “Zelda” esque puzzles like that instead of just more BotW.
I love D4 and play each season consistently... it doesn't deserve to be in top 10.
Yeah I don't get why people gloss over the campaign like it doesn't matter to everyone, it most certainly does to reviewers and to the large majority of players who aren't streamers.
    Loved the campaign and have played it twice with my wife.
        I enjoyed the campaign too, and season 2 is a apparently big improvement which is when I bought it. Played it for about 50 hours. I don't feel D4 is GOTY category but for the $42 it cost on Steam I got my money worth.
    I'd say it's one of the most important things considering how many people don't even finish games.  
And not 100% finish, beat the game finish haha.
I hated how empty the world felt.  When I play an RPG, I want to discover random shit out in the world.... when I wandered off the course in FF16, it just felt like I found the same old little blue shiny dongle that had some random ass item I didn't care about.  I stopped exploring beyond the main quest and then gave up altogether.
    I wish they would give FF6(FF3 in the US) the FF7 remake treatment.  Also a FFX remake too.  

You are definitely right about losing the sense of discovery in the world.
    The quests, while being itneresting story wise, were tedious and boring to do. And most of the time the result of the story was "racism bad, look at all of this racism" or "we've got hope and we will make it". Bad combat diversity, bad enemy variety, nothing to explore, a useless crafting system, and so on.  


The game is very much style over substance. It's very pretty, has a good main character and a couple of stellar supporting cast members, so this is enough to make most people think it,s great.
Combat ist only repetitive by choice. There are plenty cool combos you can learn to make the fights more interesting. Also IMO most of the characters are great. There just more subdued compared to the flashy characters of FF7.
That's the beauty of opinions and subjectivity.

I'm taking a bunch of leadership courses right now, and one of the big takeaways is to always put effort into understanding the other person. You need to look inwardly rather than judging them, especially when there's something you disagree on.

I didn't even buy Starfield or D4 because I knew I wasn't going to like them much and figured they'd be kinda flashes in the pan. Just because I was right doesn't mean I'm super smart and don't have some major biases tho. Had some friends play through D4, and they liked it up until the campaign was over. Had another friend who put a shit ton of hours into starfield. I think in any rating system like this, you should be gathering opinions from several diverse people with a variety of tastes. As well, open-mindedness would be a quality I'd be looking for with all my reviewers, and I would like it if they all put some time into every game that made the shortlist.
Starfield might be a boring beige game, but even then it,s still better then D4. I feel ike starfield has some potential it could rise up too. It's not in my top 10 this year for sure, but it is better then D4
So much hate for a game lol

Relax dude
    I dont hate it, it's too bland to have feelings as strong as hate about it.
I've sunk hundreds of hours in Dwarf Fortress since December, and there isn't a chance it is going to be on a list from Time.
I can respect a good remake. Remaking a classic game with a modern engine, UI, general production value, while remaining faithful to the original concept and game, can be tricky to do. 

But I agree, remaking a game isn't the same as making a new one. And rewarding a game for being the best of 2023 is a bit odd when the game being awarded was made two decades ago.
    It depends how big the Remake is. Something that big and remade from the ground up deserves a mention. A remaster should never be on a GOTY list however.  


But think about it this way. If a remake is the best game of the year, what does this say about the other games? And RE4R is a special case. RE4 is probably one of the best games ever made. It's quite possible in many people's top 20 or even top 10. It's a rare case.
    It's like double jeopardy. If a game has already been eligible for GOTY, I don't think a remake should have eligibility again.
There's a difference between a cash grab and a well done remake. RE4 and Dead Space are amazing remakes. Things like the GTA remastered trilogy and last of us remastered are cash grabs.
Remakes of movies have been nominated and won prestigious awards in the past, and rightfully so. I don’t see why the same philosophy can’t be applied to video games.
If you come at it like an avid ARPG player it really isn't more than 10-20 hours. Maybe 2x that if you feel inspired to make a second character. And ARPG campaigns have never been as fun as like Skyrim or something, it isn't exactly what they designed for IMO

I'd almost argue it's like a 9/10 for half the player base and a 4/10 for the other half, and that average should not make a top list of anything. I think I'd even recommend it for a first time ARPG player, but it deserves to be controversial
Diablo IV is in the same boat as Starfield as far as giant budget, highly anticipated, kinda disappointing games go.
    Not sure why you're downvoted. I dropped both games around the same hour mark. I was stupidly hyped for both and both are near the same levels of mediocrity IMO.
        I think it can be viewed as an unpopular opinion, which is fine. I don't think they are horrible by any means but they lack something present in previous games from the same companies, imo.
And that's without talking about the numerous and egregious (not so) micro transactions in a $70 **base game**. 

That shit is outrageous.
100% on the mark here.
Just curious, what did you enjoy about the campaign? I ended up feeling like there was almost no memorable set pieces and a lot of annoying sequences. 

For reference, if you like ARPG campaigns I highly recommend you checkout Lost Ark, the campaign had insanely fun dungeons while leveling (you can ignore all the side quests and mechanics and endgame grind if you're just in it for the campaign)
    I played a decent amount of co op so a lot of the "boring" stuff people are talking about didn't bother me that much. I also really really enjoyed the game's soundtrack
I am not a hardcore Diablo fan and I hated Diablo 4. It did really good at being dark and gritty but they absolutely made it a slog to do so many things.

Respeccing to try something new is such a massive pain in the ass. Doing your tasks in town went from having to only walk like 10 feet and taking 20 seconds to a few minutes of running back and forth. The combat also felt way more boring to me for some reason (possibly because I couldn't swap out skills as easily to keep it fresh).
    Understand the viewpoint! I played it more as a chill vibing game, partially co-op with a friend and generally had a good time. But yeah, lots of running. I think there's usually a good amount of random stuff to do along your way to the next quest. I also mainly stuck to one build so I didn't care about respec that much
I'm curious why you think it's a pretty popular game? There is nothing I can find that suggests that anywhere. It lost 50% of it's players in 30 days and over 90% in 90 days. It gets bumps in activity for new seasons and then drops back to nothing a week later. The only game I know that crashed and burned harder than D4 is New World.
Spiderman 2 came out only a week earlier and was arguably more hyped and sold an insane amount of copies compared to Alan Wake 2.
    Spiderman games dont feel ~~like spiderman~~ like new games because spiderman is older than most of its target audience.
Gamers really struggle with the concept of opinions and how they can differ from person to person.
Did you not read the comment they were replying to? The person you replied to brought up Alan Wake 2 as a counter to the person above them saying "clearly, they made a most popular and hit games of 2023 list."
There's only ever one explanation to anything, and it's conspiracy and bribery.  Also EA bad.
Paid
    True
In which case clearly they it was ranked in the spot they felt it deserved with no payment needed.
I mean yeah, it's an awesome game
The game is bad because Blizzard milks you people for all your worth and you beg them for more.
Yea and that's awesome, but implying that the game is considered bad *only* in the 'reddit echo chamber' is ridiculous. Tons of Diablo fans have been disappointed by it. Don't really think that's a controversial take.
    The selective reasoning about you is so scary. You can say all of that, but not notice that someone is devaluing a game belonging somewhere as the first comment? Saying a list is shit because something you don’t like is on that list is elitist & again echo chamber behavior. Reddit promotes the behavior. People see shit on here & think it’s real outside. It’s not. People like Diablo 4 for a lot and it has a lot of players. Season two has made that even better for them. It’s simple facts. You can listen to the loud minority all you want.
        r/gaming commenter tries to comprehend that different people will have different opinions about a game challenge [IMPOSSIBLE].

I *KNOW* tons of people like D4. I'm not saying they don't.
            I explained to you fully on what echo chamber is, you can choose to not understand it. Just admit you can’t handle subjective observations lol
It's really just a Souls-like and nothing like Destiny at all considering loot isn't randomized. But I agree with your other statements about that game.
I mean plenty of souls players definitely are in it for the gameplay and the bosses, it just so happens fromsoft are really good at level and world design as well on top of that
I bet it was scratch!
Chaos ensues
Dark Ocean Summoning has been living rent free in my head for a few weeks now
    Hell yeah man between that and Herald of Darkness are amazing enough so I went and checked the Poets of the Falls other work. They have some decent stuff. Dark Disquiet is pretty sick
    The Old Gods of Asgard are gonna be performing at The Game Awards this year
Same! New game plus with new story content is coming this month, that’s the only reason I’ve waited
    Oh holy shit what? New story content? I heard about the new game plus but new content?!
Fuck bro, I’ve wanted that game since it was announced but this simple summery is making he want to drop them dollars. Hope my 3070 rtx can handle it.
    My 3070 was ok. It had a moment or two where it kinda took a shit but overall it was a 9/10 attempt out of the card. 

Just go get it man. It's 100% worth the money and you'll support a very obvious Alan wake 3
        Sweet, done homie.
            Have fun man. You're gonna love it
[deleted]
    That's actually what I was waiting for! I heard about the new game plus feature a while back but having new actual story content sealed the deal. I'm just waiting for the patch to drop.
Really? I know Alan's was a bit annoying in the way it mandated wasted resource usage, but I thought it was a masterclass in how to do paranoid horror shooter stuff.

Enemies that are and aren't real but that all look identical until you either spend resources to find out, or they attack you. But even the fake ones can still grab you, making *every single shadow* a threat to the player that appears *dozens* at a time. They all move the same, real or fake, and they all whisper quietly. 

The fact they're all dangerous, impossible to distinguish between real and fake (without resources), *numerous,* and positively paranoia-inducing on top of it all was just awesome. It really showed off Remedy's horror chops and fit perfectly, thematically to Wake's section.
    I only just started Alan’s combat section but so far I haven’t needed to spend any resources to dispel the “false” shadows. The standard flashlight will make them vanish if you wait a few seconds, no resources needed. Maybe that changes idk.
I see some people this say this, I feel totally the opposite. For me, Saga was a blank slate character and her gameplay was pretty standard.
I sometimes feel like I'm the only person in the world that didn't like Baldur's gate.  I think maybe it's because the controls are so janky on PS5?  I don't know, but the game very quickly turned into more work than fun and I really dislike managing inventory.  I made it a few hours in, got the party split up accidentally because i tried to jump somewhere, then just turned it off.
Ok ty picked up Allan wake 2 and I just don’t like Allan’s gameplay maybe that’s just me
I played Control, so that was a strong lore entry point. From there, I just watched the creator recap it all on IGN's YouTube. I feel like it does a good job explaining what you need to know from the first game in general, though.
    Right on. Control was great. Maybe I'll replay that first and pick up 2 afterwards.
Gotta watch or play Alan Wake 1 and Control for things to make sense.  Alan Wake to kind of get how the darkness worked and how it ties in with his writing (as well as to understood what his wife went through) and Control to understand the FBC side of things and all the bizarre SCP shit they investigate
You'll appreciate the game a lot more if you've played Alan Wake and Control (the two series are linked). You can enjoy it fine without having done so but you'll likely miss the significance of certain moments and characters.
That's what I'm doing and it's fine. I'm definitely going to play the first one + DLC's and Control next, though.
Dude...  Its not being talked about because its popular, its being talked about because its awesome.
One thing is to like a good game, other is to dickride it and pretend that its the most perfect game ever made and everyone who don't like is wrong.
I would as well, but there are more deserving games like HI-FI Rush or even RPG’s like Sea of Stars than those games
    Chained Echos constantly being snubbed is a crime. (it came out dec 2022 but typically december titles get pushed into next years lists)
    Sea of Stars stunk lol
Haven't played Star Wars but I would put it ahead of Dead Space too.
    Why do remakes deserve to be on the list? They should have their own category.
        I think if it's a ground up remake, it can be considered a new game

A remaster on the other hand shouldn't. Line gets fuzzy around games like Super Mario RPG or Link's Awakening which are remakes, but 1 to 1 remakes which feels more in the realm of remaster.

This and what's considered indies have loose definitions
        Some remakes are worth it though. Some "remakes" are just glorified remasters.
            That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
                The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
I think that’s an issue with those games being in the list, not necessarily that FF16 belongs there.
That quest where you have to bomb the plateau to empty the dam was cool. I wish there were more “Zelda” esque puzzles like that instead of just more BotW.
Loved the campaign and have played it twice with my wife.
    I enjoyed the campaign too, and season 2 is a apparently big improvement which is when I bought it. Played it for about 50 hours. I don't feel D4 is GOTY category but for the $42 it cost on Steam I got my money worth.
I'd say it's one of the most important things considering how many people don't even finish games.  
And not 100% finish, beat the game finish haha.
I wish they would give FF6(FF3 in the US) the FF7 remake treatment.  Also a FFX remake too.  

You are definitely right about losing the sense of discovery in the world.
The quests, while being itneresting story wise, were tedious and boring to do. And most of the time the result of the story was "racism bad, look at all of this racism" or "we've got hope and we will make it". Bad combat diversity, bad enemy variety, nothing to explore, a useless crafting system, and so on.  


The game is very much style over substance. It's very pretty, has a good main character and a couple of stellar supporting cast members, so this is enough to make most people think it,s great.
I dont hate it, it's too bland to have feelings as strong as hate about it.
It depends how big the Remake is. Something that big and remade from the ground up deserves a mention. A remaster should never be on a GOTY list however.  


But think about it this way. If a remake is the best game of the year, what does this say about the other games? And RE4R is a special case. RE4 is probably one of the best games ever made. It's quite possible in many people's top 20 or even top 10. It's a rare case.
It's like double jeopardy. If a game has already been eligible for GOTY, I don't think a remake should have eligibility again.
Not sure why you're downvoted. I dropped both games around the same hour mark. I was stupidly hyped for both and both are near the same levels of mediocrity IMO.
    I think it can be viewed as an unpopular opinion, which is fine. I don't think they are horrible by any means but they lack something present in previous games from the same companies, imo.
I played a decent amount of co op so a lot of the "boring" stuff people are talking about didn't bother me that much. I also really really enjoyed the game's soundtrack
Understand the viewpoint! I played it more as a chill vibing game, partially co-op with a friend and generally had a good time. But yeah, lots of running. I think there's usually a good amount of random stuff to do along your way to the next quest. I also mainly stuck to one build so I didn't care about respec that much
Spiderman games dont feel ~~like spiderman~~ like new games because spiderman is older than most of its target audience.
True
The selective reasoning about you is so scary. You can say all of that, but not notice that someone is devaluing a game belonging somewhere as the first comment? Saying a list is shit because something you don’t like is on that list is elitist & again echo chamber behavior. Reddit promotes the behavior. People see shit on here & think it’s real outside. It’s not. People like Diablo 4 for a lot and it has a lot of players. Season two has made that even better for them. It’s simple facts. You can listen to the loud minority all you want.
    r/gaming commenter tries to comprehend that different people will have different opinions about a game challenge [IMPOSSIBLE].

I *KNOW* tons of people like D4. I'm not saying they don't.
        I explained to you fully on what echo chamber is, you can choose to not understand it. Just admit you can’t handle subjective observations lol
Hell yeah man between that and Herald of Darkness are amazing enough so I went and checked the Poets of the Falls other work. They have some decent stuff. Dark Disquiet is pretty sick
The Old Gods of Asgard are gonna be performing at The Game Awards this year
Oh holy shit what? New story content? I heard about the new game plus but new content?!
My 3070 was ok. It had a moment or two where it kinda took a shit but overall it was a 9/10 attempt out of the card. 

Just go get it man. It's 100% worth the money and you'll support a very obvious Alan wake 3
    Sweet, done homie.
        Have fun man. You're gonna love it
That's actually what I was waiting for! I heard about the new game plus feature a while back but having new actual story content sealed the deal. I'm just waiting for the patch to drop.
I only just started Alan’s combat section but so far I haven’t needed to spend any resources to dispel the “false” shadows. The standard flashlight will make them vanish if you wait a few seconds, no resources needed. Maybe that changes idk.
Right on. Control was great. Maybe I'll replay that first and pick up 2 afterwards.
Chained Echos constantly being snubbed is a crime. (it came out dec 2022 but typically december titles get pushed into next years lists)
Sea of Stars stunk lol
Why do remakes deserve to be on the list? They should have their own category.
    I think if it's a ground up remake, it can be considered a new game

A remaster on the other hand shouldn't. Line gets fuzzy around games like Super Mario RPG or Link's Awakening which are remakes, but 1 to 1 remakes which feels more in the realm of remaster.

This and what's considered indies have loose definitions
    Some remakes are worth it though. Some "remakes" are just glorified remasters.
        That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
            The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
I enjoyed the campaign too, and season 2 is a apparently big improvement which is when I bought it. Played it for about 50 hours. I don't feel D4 is GOTY category but for the $42 it cost on Steam I got my money worth.
I think it can be viewed as an unpopular opinion, which is fine. I don't think they are horrible by any means but they lack something present in previous games from the same companies, imo.
r/gaming commenter tries to comprehend that different people will have different opinions about a game challenge [IMPOSSIBLE].

I *KNOW* tons of people like D4. I'm not saying they don't.
    I explained to you fully on what echo chamber is, you can choose to not understand it. Just admit you can’t handle subjective observations lol
Sweet, done homie.
    Have fun man. You're gonna love it
I think if it's a ground up remake, it can be considered a new game

A remaster on the other hand shouldn't. Line gets fuzzy around games like Super Mario RPG or Link's Awakening which are remakes, but 1 to 1 remakes which feels more in the realm of remaster.

This and what's considered indies have loose definitions
Some remakes are worth it though. Some "remakes" are just glorified remasters.
    That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
        The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
I explained to you fully on what echo chamber is, you can choose to not understand it. Just admit you can’t handle subjective observations lol
Have fun man. You're gonna love it
That’s the entire thing to me: Both the Resident Evil 4 remake and Dead Space remakes are both their original games at heart, but to just call them “remakes” and toss it like that, genuinely degrades all the hard work that those developers do. 

Like yes, RE4R is a remake. Is it not an honestly flawless game for the most part, worthy of 9/10-10/10 scores from major publications? Cause it entirely is. Graphically, audio design, gameplay, controls, length, difficulty, replayability, are all at some of the best available in the current year of gaming, and I won’t float all the developers hard work to not only make the game as good as possible but retool the story enough to modernize it but not make you lose any of the essence of the original. 

I dunno, I get both sides of complaints but I think it’s unfair to say “It’s a remake, it’s based on something else!” when this years game of the years are based on a Marvel comic, Dungeons and Dragons, the 16th! game in the Final Fantasy series, the like 15th main game in the Zelda franchise, and a bunch others.
    The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
The general plot points are still there but honestly the original RE4 and RE4R are two different entities. The gameplay is totally different.
