[[Tell me you're biggest disappointment with Alan Wake 2.]]


AW1 is my favorite game of all time. When people ask me, what's your favorite game of all time, I always without hesitation say, Alan Wake. If I could only play any one game over again and never get to play anything else, again it's Alan Wake. I think you all see where I'm at with AW1 now. So I spent just shy of 100 hours playing through AW2. I gotta say as the game started off. Not trying to spoil anything for anyone. As you play the first playable character about 3 to 4 minutes in, you start going up a hill and the weather and forest start to come alive, I only grew with excitement as I thought this would happen often throughout the game only to find out it didn't really happen again after that. Heavy rain was about the worst and some wind, but not tree rocking crazy fog and wind like AW1. Imagine what that Northlight engine could really do with that these days! My biggest disappointments were the lack of crazy weather in the trees and forest when something bad was getting close, now we just see some small lightning flashes ahead of us to let us know, just turn and go around,  or here, they're they are. I really expected some crazy fog blasting through the trees, with the trees majorly swaying back and forth and hearing them getting ready to break. With crazy rolling fog with moonlight rays glaring through. The other major small gripe for me is that I expected more when the flashlight burned all the darkness away from a Taken, instead of a small pop, I expected a bigger boom type, or higher pitched explosion. The wolves were an amazing addition to the second game. Hopefully this gets fixed in the upcoming DLC. I hope we get to play as AC also! Can't wait for news! Let me know what you think?


Lack of chapter replay.
    Having to keep a save at the beginning of We Sing and not being able to just play it whenever really blows.
        Particularly since we only get 3 save slots. 

I should be clear. I deeply loved AW2. It went above and beyond. Lack of chapter replay and lack of save slots isn't a big deal. It is a disappointment though.
        They added a arcade game in the Control DLC that let you replay that games equivalent of We Sing, I expect them to do something similar here.
            Oh, I don't think I ever found it. Where?
                I believe it's in the start of the AWE dlc area. There's a sidequest to investigate the arcade machine (called Shum) which unlocks a machine  which can replay the ashtray maze (shum 2)
                    Ah, I did find Shum, I guess since just never looked at the 2nd one. Awesome thanks!
    100% this. Have to do another run through just for one last collectible in chapter 5
        Which collectible was it?
            The writer’s journey video in room 665 :/
    I didn’t know this was a disappointment until you just said it, now I want to burn their studio down… I kid.
 Yeah, that was a cool feature to have in the original.
The charm system was kinda unsatisfying with half of all charms being the ones that save you from death.

Also I didn't like that we got the better shotgun at the very end, so I had already spent all my upgrade manuscripts on other weapons.
    I feel like I stuck with the same 3-4 charms I got early in the game and most of the later ones were a bit too niche and specific to sacrifice one of my current ones for.
        I only used max health and health regen charms, tbh didn't even pay attention to them on hard.
    Yeah, I used the extra flashlight charge and extra health ones all the way through (keeping a coffee cup in the third) until the end, when I switched to Setter's tag and the increased loot one while I did all the collectibles. Nothing else seemed worth it. I did also use the increased damage to unaware Taken one to get the crossbow trophy. Not sure whether I needed it but why not.
    I feel like the save you from death ones are for future gameplays in New Game Plus
        Nah, you get special NG+ coffee cups if you do all the rhymes a second time, they heal you on top of bringing you back
    The charms are remarkably uninspired. Truly I can't think of similar unlockable items in games that provide more meaningless benefits. I am never going to use 90% of them, ever, especially the "save from death" charms which just take up shoebox space. No one thought these charms through at Remedy for more than 5 seconds.
I'm a little disappointed we didn't get a taken version of Mandy May. Her concept art was chilling.

Edit: spelling
    You going to deerfest Mandy may? 👴🏻
        Put on some pants, Norman! Nobody wants to see your meat basket.

Edit: spelling again
    I wanted something spooky with Wendy Davis. Beyond the radio shows
        Like her outstanding beef jerky now in 3 incredibly delicious flavors 😏
            altough we all know that teriyaki is a shit flavor
    What concept art was that? I'm curious now.
    Gotta save it for AW3
    I looked everywhere for this concept art you mentioned and I randomly found it [here](https://kotaku.com/alan-wake-2-remedy-entertainment-control-sam-lake-demo-1848918165) 

I had a feeling there was gonna be more characters at valhala turned into taken, with the water supply being the culprit and all. I’m actually really releaved the gnarliest transformations took place off screen. But yeah it seems like I was waiting for mandy may to turn into a taken because of her bleeding hands from knitting— but then that didnt go anywhere

I still like they kept it in though, the sort of “inhuman amount” Mandy May was knitting really tied into how the manuscript pages affect real life. Like if you never said someone stopped knitting — they would just CONTINUE TO KNIT— at all times— forever maybe lol
For me it was absence of Barry Wheeler and Night Springs and in general lack of atmosphere from first game.

UPD: where freaking crows?(was absolutely badass)
    Theres “new season coming soon” posters everywhere throughout the game, and several references in Controls AWE expansion that Alan is the head writer of the show. So my guess has been it’ll be a part of one of the expansions in some shape or form. 

As for Barry, it is a shame he didn’t feature outside of the odd reference. I would have expected Scratch to have tormented him in a similar manner that he did Alice.
        I'm pretty sure the first DLC is supposed to be based around Night Springs episodes.
            Yeah one is the FBC Lake House, other is Night Springs
            Yeah…really looking forward to this!
        I got to read all his emails to Alice. It was a nice touch
        Barry was close with old gods of Asgard so I guess he was protected
        The first DLC is called night springs and I bet Barry turns up in that , remedy know we love Barry wheeler
    I dont know if you've seen the show, but anyone who has knows Alan Wake's atmosphere is largely Twin Peaks inspired. 

It seems to me that Alan Wake II is instead inspired by Twin Peaks: The Return, which is much darker and much less grounded in reality. 

Which doesn't mean anyone has to like it or anything, I just wanted to mention it because for what it's worth, the change in atmosphere seems deliberate. Also because if anyone is an Alan Wake fan and hasn't seen Twin Peaks, they absolutely need to.
        Now you mentioned it, yeah first AW feels more "grounded" than second installment. And yeah I liked original Twin Peaks more than TP:Return
            Definitely borrowed from True Detective Season 1, they nailed the cult vibe
        I have a funny case of loving Alan Wake immensely, but not being able to get into Twin Peaks at allll.
Tried several episodes and it just never clicked. If anything, Alan Wake isn't as weird, which is saying something lol.
        Yeah.  I didn't love the Twin Peaks return but the vibe was so much more fucked up, and it works well for this game.  13 years stuck in hell will do that to a person, and a town.
        Wow, didn't know there was a The Return... But that is hilarious, and cannot be a coincidence with the plot of this game being writing Return.
        Inspired? It's like they added a controller to season 3. And I fucking love it so much.
            Twin Peaks is my favorite show, and the return is my favorite season, so I completely agree with you, lol
        It literally copies the time jump concept from TP: The Return. 
Second season of TP talks about an event happening in 25 years, and The Return is released on TV 25 real world years later.
    Would have LOVED to see Barry. He was my favorite character in the first game. 


That said, I get that his personality was a better fit with the first game, not so much with AW2's survival horror themes. Besides, maybe Remedy wanted to make room for new characters and not shoehorn Barry into the story as just a bit of fan service.
        I was always wondering about "survival horror" theme when your character armed to the teeth with 3-4 different weapons in inventory, having that make you not afraid almost any enemy encounter
            It's debatable, yes, but I did find it a somewhat appropriate of a description. With my skills and playstyle, I was running low or out of ammo on several occasions. It did feel tense and creepy to hear Taken raving or shadow people whispering as I was trying to avoid them, looking for fresh supplies.


It feels very much on the kinder end of the "survival horror" spetrum, though.
            You ever play Silent Hill 3? Game is super scary, but you are also kitted out to take on a small army.
                Unfortunately I did not played 3rd one, played SH 1, 2, the room.

But I still "feel" static radio noise from SH1 while you have 5-6 bullets in your inventory and you know you screwed...

My point is the more powerful you get the less horror it become. Same was recently with Dead Space remake at a last stages of a game it was more like a doom with that upgraded arsenal(still cool though)
                    List of some of the weapons in SH3: pipe, shotgun, submachine gun, katana, gigantic mace, lightsaber and flamethrower in NG+

For me, with all of it, when the enemies cease to be scary, it is the story and atmosphere that do it. For AW2 specifically, will we accomplish anything? Sure, we can protect ourselves, but will we truly escape the hell dimension we are in? What if the Dark Presence just bum rushes us, can’t fight that. 

The atmosphere and story do lifting when the gameplay begins to be less scary.
                    I disagree with it. Being powerful doesn't mean something is not scary

You can be armed to the teeth, but it's not about "I will kill it" it's about "What it is, what it wants from one and why it attacks me"

There are some examples of it. Resident evil 1,2 and 3 were scary, and you had lots of weapons. Resident evil 7 and 8 were scary and you had lots of weapons

Like I would say outlast isn't scary after some time, and that's not because I'm armed to the teeth since I don't have any weapons. It's just that I learned who my enemy is, what it wants from me and why it's attacking me.

The unknown is what is scary. As soon as you learn this unknown it's not scary anymore. That's why being scared of darkness and deep waters is common. Both of those things are unknown
                    Really good survival horror games balance this out by making the enemies prgressivly harder the further you go in so you need those tools. So far from what I have played of Alan wake 2, it  hasn’t diversified the enemy roster that much so sagas extra weapons feel a bit superfluous. Still fun to use but I feel way to powerful for what I am dealing with right now.
            The inclusion of weapons and resource management is what makes it survival horror and not just regular horror or psychological horror. Survival horror is just one sub genre under the horror umbrella.
My biggest disappointment; They didn’t call him the Lampion of light.
There's no achievement for petting all the mooses.
    I believe they were deer, but still… yes!
        I've just got poor Mocha the Moose on the brain, I guess. RIP Mocha.
    I KNOW RIGHT? I started my playtrough being careful not to miss any and mater found out there is no point in petting them
        Near the end, if you’ve found and pet all
of them a live deer appears and if you follow it, you get access to a previously locked room in the hotel, that’s fully stocked with items.
            Oooh that is interesting, will look up it to see if i'm missing one
    Go back to your Case Board in the real-world Elderwood lodge. You should hear a red stag roar, and then when you go back towards the lobby follow the deer. You'll find the very last room on the right open now with a ton of supplies.
Alan's levels.

Visually they're stunning and they have some great story moments, but the shadow people are far less engaging to fight than the Taken, and The Dark Place feels so small.

Saga gets multiple large enviroments to explore but Alan gets a few buildings, alleys, and a subway tunnel and that's it really. It felt less like an ocean and more like a lake.
    The looming atmosphere compensated for the lack of map size though, the Hotel and the Cinema had a plenty of space to live through the terror. I’m personally never ever coming back to that freaking subway
        Hustling through it again on final draft was tough to endure
        The subway was boring. I liked the hotel though. Cinema was too small and I actually forgot about it (though I did watch the 10 minute movie lol)
        The subway had nothing on the hotel imo
    I think both sections are equally good since all the locations are great.

The way I see it, Alan and Saga have 3 large chapters while the rest are more shorter and story focused. Alan gets the 3 murder sites that acts as a ritual to open the way to Parliament Tower. I found each murder site's atmosphere to be incredibly ominous, especially the subway tunnels. His story is also way more mind bending and meta as hell. The Shadow enemies are more ominous since you don't know which ones are real.

Saga gets the 3 chapters where she needs to enact a ritual to open the way to the Overlaps and fight Nightingale, the two deputies and Cynthia. The Taken are better since they are more varied which makes Saga's sections way more tense. Saga also does get the honor of having The Valhalla Nursing home, one of the scariest fucking locations in a horror game. Every inch of that hellhole oozes with dread with all the sounds.
        Is it a gameplay mechanic that you aren't supposed to be able to tell which shadows are real? Felt like I wasted so many batteries torching the fake ones. 

I know I could just wait for them to attack, but I was way too scared for that lol
            You can just shine the torch at them without boosting and it will get rid of the fake ones, it just takes a bit longer. I was really far into my first play through before I realised this.
            That was definitely intentional so I guess that would make it a mechanic. I wait and still sometimes mess it up lol so tense everywhere in Alan's sections. Really nailed that survival horror feeling of: oh shit, oh shit, should I fight this or just keep running and save the ammo for later?
            Commented a similar thing above but I could usually tell towards the end of Alan’s chapters. The fake ones don’t usually move and since Alan’s enemies don’t respawn if you’ve just done something to progress the story and come after a bunch of shadows soon after they’re probably real.  I started off horrified of them checking every one, but the anticipation of checking them all with a light ended up scaring me more than just running into them to see if they hit me.
    I think a more detailed scaled down map is preferable to a bigger uninteresting one. Running around street after street of a Dark Place Manhattan probably wouldn't add much that isn't already there in the area
    Those Shadows just make me anxious all the time lol
        Especially when they're calling out your name
    I preferred Alan's levels. The shadow people kept the atmosphere always tense, especially on hard. 

The writers room and the light mechanics were excellently implemented. A great way to tie gameplay and story and also very enjoyable to see a level switch instantly right in front of you.

The environments were more varried and his big set pieces like we sing were spectacular. 

I also thought his more frequent usage of the live action constantly blending in with his world was a visual treat. Really felt like they took everything they learned from control and dialed up the frequency to great effect. 

Missing openness and side content wasn't really a problem. The levels felt closed in, which really amplified the atmosphere that the dark place should have. 

Saga's levels were still great. But Alan's were spectacular imo.
    There should've been at least one more level (or the current one much longer), where Alan fights through tons of Taken to get to Bright Falls.
    I actually liked Alan's levels more than Saga's. Saga's were always huge and speawling and on NG+ felt like a slog because I knew where I was going but it just takes forever to do it. Alan's are more bite-sized and try to onvolve something new or interesting in each chapter that's different or building on the last.
Alan's levels were just way better to me than Saga's, even if it was revisiting a changing version of the same city square.
    TBH, I didn’t quite get the shadow people. The game teaches you that some are harmless and some turn into taken and attack you, so for most part of Alan levels, I just ran past the shadows irregardless of if they did anything or not.
    The hotel and subway levels were more of a chore for me than the rest of it. Longer than needed to be.
    I played on normal and I found Alan's levels so frustrating due to being knifed by shadows.

In the end I just sped through his portion of the game, I didn't explore the New York map to look for any extras because I got sick of being killed all the time. 

The few times I did try to find some words of power I would always find myself surrounded by a group of angry stabby shadows, which just discouraged me from finding any more.

The level design worked in the sense that it made the Alan portion of the game feel tense and scary, but it also discouraged me from finding any secrets.
    I agree. Alan's levels were the real downside of this game. I loved playing as Saga but holy heck I dreaded Alan's gameplay. I do not find enemies able to warp to you instantly and shooting homing explosives fun.

With Saga the game felt more like classic Alan Wake and I loved it.
        Same, I don't know about classic Alan Wake (as I only played it right before II so my investment was low), but I could play an entire game based around Saga. Wake is obviously a critical character and the lore would be dead without him, but Saga and her environments are so much more fun, interesting, and creepy to play.
            Wow you found her levels more interesting? Now gonna bash her or her levels since I liked her as a character (though it took a bit of time for me to be invested in her) and her levels but the atmosphere of the dark place and it’s weird mechanics always interested me more than her more normal levels. (Atleast more normal than the dark place)

If you would, could you elaborate on why you liked her levels more? Not trying to put you on the spot or anything, just genuinely curious.
                I think I find the more analytical angle, the dead people stuff, and her mystery past more interesting. There's more puzzle-type work, better weapons, deeper lore (at this point at least, she's obviously new while we've been building on Alan for a while), the FBC angles are super interesting to me. I'm a huge fan of Control and there are obviously references in the Dark Place, but they seem more "interactive" in Saga's world. Also, I guess I'm just a bigger fan/find it creepier to be stumbling around in the woods than in the city. More of a realistic horror to me, in that sense. I'm really into Control and true crime, so it's no surprise to me that I like Saga's gameplay better. Alan's gameplay just seems a bit more survival than analytical.
                    Ah bigger fans of the woods? Makes sense. I really liked the noir aspect of Alan’s levels more and the typewriter mechanic but I do agree that her mystery solving parts were really cool. Made it feel like you were slowly getting closer and closer to figuring out what was happening. I did find her mind space a bit goofy at first and how she could deduce what happened from almost nothing but I loved the reveal that <!her mind palace and profiling abilities come from her being a seer!>
    The characters should have been switched. Saga should have been in New York with Alan on Bright Falls. The forest is such a better setting than the city.
    I hated the shadow people until I had two realizations about them. The first was that you don’t have to deal with respawning enemies in Alan’s levels. The second is that at least on normal you can just body check all the shadows without fear of dying instead of shining the flashlight on every single one to avoid getting jumpscared and one shot. By the end I preferred them, I thought they provided the same atmospheric and gameplay benefits the Taken do while being much less annoying.
    It’s almost like they designed it give you a sense of being trapped in a world where the ocean washes everything but the darkest moments away
    Indeed Alan gameplay is weaker, Sagas part is amazing horror game areas are vast and very interesting. I wish they would stop with this overcomplicated overblown twinpeaksish narrative and made just straight simple story but with cool plot twist, in the end game would be way more interesting and less confusing.
        I disagree completely. This is what I come to remedy for. You can get simple stuff everywhere. This is as close to a playable “return” as I’m ever going to get and I love it.
            Dude really wants it to be a run of the mill Sony first party game.
        The weird part is Twin Peaks has a lot of moments of genuine tenderness, humour and kindness. Alan Wake is all the weirdness and not much horror in general (unless the screeching screens are considered horror).
Just one: no Barry Wheeler. I miss him.
    I love how he looked after Alice in the years since Alan’s disappearance 😢
        It was so touching, but I am worried for him because he is getting "treatment" from the Blessed Organisation
            Maybe he is gonna be in Control 2?
            Either control or Quantum break that cult is mentioned as a dangerous cult so yea Barry may be in trouble
    With the Flaming Eye of Mordor he was too OP,  the game would've been over in 5 hours if Barry was around.
Not being able to play Coconut on the juke box.
Not being able to explore Bright Falls as Alan. This is his area and got excited in the end when you finally take control of him in these places but then that was it
    I haven’t finished playing the first Alan Wake, but how is it “his area”? he’s a tourist there and I’ve spent most of the game in the forests of Calderon Lake.
        Yes, but from the players perspective it was a wasted opportunity to be a lengthy callback to the original.

When you do play as him, it plays the classic combat music and the original warning sound effect when taken appear. I was hoping to spend more time as him in Bright Falls, considering it would have been great to see the town as Alan after 13 real life years of waiting for a sequel.
            I get you, I started with Alan Wake 2 then am now going back to play the first one. Personally I don’t feel like I’ve missed anything with him not spending more time in bright falls, so far he’s barely spend any time there. It would have been cool to see him fight through the Lodge again
                Obviously you never played the first one before playing the sequel so you have no attachment for it lmao. He does mostly spend time in Bright Falls in the first game so it is a tad disappointing you can’t explore a current gen version of Bright Falls as Alan Wake
It's a minor thing (and it was absent in the first game too) but please LET ME SAVE/QUIT AT THE END OF A CHAPTER. I hit a cool cliffhanger moment, cut to black, a song kicks in to let me get my bearings and consider what just happened, but if I wanna stop playing I have to continue past that point (often hitting a new cutscene or dialogue beat to start the next area) then find a save point and quit afterwards.
    Because of this I just paused the game, exited out and left the game running and put my PS5 into rest mode. Lol. Been doing that with Control too cuz I'm not sure where the checkpoints are.
        In control there are little to no checkpoints that aren't control points. Once you've gotten and interacted with a control point, that's where you'll pick up at.
    Doesn't the game auto-save at the end of every chapter? I've quit on the song screen and gone right back in the next day and it started the next chapter at the beginning.
    This bothered me so much in the first game. Why are you making me watch a "previously on" recap when I just finished a chapter? Let me watch this when I start playing later!
        it would be perfect for this!!
    It's really inexcusable for most people. We're not stuck in the old school days of cartridges not having the space for save games. It's awful on PC. If I were a critic I'd take a star off for how horrible it is in every new area you visit.
        You're fucking ridiculous.  
You can close the game at the end screens and it picks up where you were.  
It autosaves. That's not to mention that you're in a safe room in like half of the chapter ends.
I expected Scratch to be the hilarious psycho from American Nightmare. However, I know the theory that he's actually Zane (or pretending to be) and I really hope he goes bonkers again in AW3.
    This. I didnt play american nightmare but the clips ive seen make him look so charismatic compared to AW2
The lack of Barry Wheeler is definitely felt.
End game boss battles. Cynthia was good, but scratch  both times wasnt hard at all. Just hit hit him with shots then go interact with an objective.

The chase sequences, especially the hotel one. Its just annoying trial and error
    Bro those chase sequences had me questioning if I was going the right way so many times especially after you visit room 666
        I had to watch a walkthrough for that. Spent 20 minutes not understanding what I had to do. I know people crap on the "yellow lines" type hand holding in AAA games but at least it doesn't irritate you like this.
        I can't tell you how many times I did that God damn chase in the hotel. I'm already shit at remembering where I am in games and I just could not figure that out. It doesn't help I played stoned so I was really fucking up lol
            Dude same I was absolutely baked during those scenes lmaoooo
        >room 666

Room 665. Neighbor of the beast.
            No 666, was scratches room in the ocean view hotel. That’s when Alan gets chased
                Ahhhh right. 

There's another section in the TV studio with a room 666 'number of the beast' and then you come back later and it says room 665 'neighbor of the beast'. 

I think they've had that easter egg going in their games for a long time. Like Max Payne 1 or 2.
            Sorry I’m high as hell maybe I misinterpreted your response
    Honestly would have loved it if Scratch would've exploded into various shadow forms of Alan in the second fight, some even being scrapped/alternative versions as they take on roles of regular/tanks/ranged.

You scramble to wipe them all out fast enough to leave scratch stunned for Tor to deal a lightning strike stun lock 🤔

IMO This would have made the second (and final) encounter a true team effort to face down scratch & the dark presence he harbours. It just felt like he was hyped to end up being recycled a second time around 🙇
        If you stockpiled a bunch of flash bangs or even flares, scratch was super easy even on nightmare.
    I’m ashamed to admit I spent a couple hours in the subway tunnel getting killed by the shadow before I realized I was supposed to go through the tunnel instead of run from it.
The boss fights were and still are remedy’s weak point.
    Cynthia imo was the hardest, then the mulligan cops.
        Cynthia I didn't mind because it was, essentially, a puzzle boss. Avoid her to turn on the lights and then she's an easy down. 

Mulligan and Thornton is like they made a boss fight, realized it was too easy, so added those stupid fucking light balls to destroy to pad it. 

Really don't like that fight. My gf is playing through on story mode and they were the only time she had any trouble.
            Cynthia for me was difficult because of her waves and orbs of darkness she shot. so you have to be fast and close to her to avoid those things. The cops were great because ones low the others high so it forces you to use offensive and defensive firing. If you stockpile flash bangs and flares it made all the boss fights significantly easier
                i played thru on Normal and cynthia never landed a hit on me in either phase. in phase 1, Saga immediately tells you what to do to avoid her, and in phase 2, i used the pistol headshot upgrade to stunlock her. honestly i was expecting a stage three with how easy it was.
                    I originally played on hard then nightmare for final draft.
                    100% this. The stun lock upgrade is so broken and makes every boss a joke, especially when moving into The Final Draft.
                    4 shots in the head with hunting rifle and she was a quick defeat. Probably found her easiest of all to be honest
                    Same here. I had a moment where I was doubting that was even the actual boss fight or if I’d gotten Cynthia confused with someone else because it was over so fast for me.
            ...you needed to turn on lights with Cynthia?

Wow. I feel like a total idiot. I just beat Final Draft not too long ago and I just went the tried and true 'hit her with everything I got' method both times.

I feel stupid.
                Oh now I feel stupid too, pretty sure I went full chaos mode with two propane tanks and a shotgun on her
            Hated them. Thankfully I read a tweet that mentioned it so I knew how to beat the fight.
        Nightingale was a real challenge for me, because I missed the sawed off shot gun at first and didn’t have it when I was fighting him
            I beat him first time with the pistol. Died once, then went for the supplies along the way before actually confronting him.
        That hoard battle when old gods play on van roof was the hardest for me
            Best trick for that is constantly circle on the outside and stockpile all your flares, flashbangs and any other heavy light weapons. Then use only the shotgun (not sawed off) and the rifle.
    i liked them in control and AW1
        In Control you can demolish bosses because of how strong you are and how quickly Jesse moves. Alan Wake 2 has you lumbering around like a tank while all the enemies are zooming about like they're from Control lol.
            The axe throwers have since replaced the birds from ninja gaiden as my least favorite enemy in any game ever
                I hate it when they split it two sometimes.
                    RAH I HAD CONVENIENTLY SUPPRESSED THAT FROM MY MEMORY
                You don't understand how much I FEEL this. Trying to use cover only to find out axes just clip through EVERYTHING, is up there with respawning birds you can't kill, jump over, or under. Which reminds me, this game does have ninja gaiden enemy respawns. Really hurts exploration at times.
                    My brother
        AW 1 final boss is literally a tornado
    Dark Ocean Summoning was an abortive slog to beat because saga is the slowest mf in the history of the bureau and it didn’t help that remedy was smearing the entire screen with Vaseline so I could hardly see the taken I was trying to kill half the time
    I actually enjoyed Nightingale boss fight. The way he just came at me like a tank and seemingly took all my bullets made me jump out of my seat. And then he disappeared and I thought I was safe.. and he just came back going straight at me. I loved that fight tbh. I also liked the first fight against Mr. Scratch, but the second one was just the same as the first (concept wise) stun him and run to item and hold X/A. I felt they should have done more for this fight.
I wanted more Alan. :( More Alan exploring the real world after coming back from the dark place. More Alan interacting with other folk from Bright Falls and Watery, and so on. 

Maybe give Alan some boss fights, too. I really hope we will get an Alan x Jesse team-up one of these days. Maybe Alan exploring the Oldest House or something.
I understand it's survival horror, but for a semi-open world, the movement is fucking painfully slow. Also, the collectibles fuck with the pacing of the narrative. In many cases, you have to go out of your way to find these fucking boxes and rhymes and it's just painful. I missed so many of them my first time through because I was busy enjoying the story. My second time through is substantially longer because I'm going waaaay out of the way to places I didn't know existed (mainly in Cauldron Lake). 

Also I can't get into the lighthouse in The Final Draft because of the fucking crossbow stash
    I was trying to get as much collectibles during first run... it was a big mistake... as you sad it absolutely kills the pace and take huge amount of time with mostly unrewarding stuff especially on Saga's part due to large open areas.
        Yeah this was my mistake too I think. I started noticing every little flaw with the game and it really detracted from the experience. I think if I just took the critical path I would've enjoyed it a lot more.
            I tried to do everything on my first playthrough too. About 30 hours total over several weeks. Still missed lunchboxes and stashes. Loved the game but Final Draft released 3 days later and I was too burnt out on it to jump back in immediately.
                I play the same way and still haven’t tried Final Draft
        Yeah, felt the same way. After a while the forest is not atmospheric anymore and the enemy encounters turn from scary to annoying when you're methodically scanning the areas for collectibles.

I guess it's my own fault for trying to get everything in the first place, but I also think the game did a big disservice to its atmosphere by including so many open-word collectibles.
    Just run into the crossbow stash problem. It's one of a number of things that should be easy to fix in an update but it's still annoying as fuck.
    That crossbow stash bug is annoying the fuck out of me. If I had known about it, I wouldn't have collected it the first playthrough.
    Agreed. The movement speed and lack of direction and getting lost easily was terrible.
    They made like that to make the game longer and more "engaging" because of barely any actual gameplay combat survival horror. Collect-read on spooky ambiance sim.
Bright Falls is too small, and not dense enough with activity and interesting interactable things. And the recurring issue with most Remedy games, character upgrade paths not exciting enough and dont change the way you play.
Alan’s chapters were really short. Out of 31 hours I feel like Alan’s took me around 10. There were also times where I really wanted to add custom pins to the map.

However, While we are talking about what we dislike, I want to say that this is the only game that (to me) properly implemented ‚yellow markings’ that tell you what to do. I hate that games like GoW, TLOU etc always have ladders etc painted yellow - this really breaks my immersion. What Remedy does with flashlight mechanic is very refreshing - it feels very organic, both in Alan’s and Saga’s chapters.
lack of “Previously on Alan Wake”
Lack of at least one, long, linear level through the woods, similar to the chapters in Alan Wake 1. Graphics are extremely good and, to be fair, before the game release, I was looking to spend much more time in the dark, scary forest, with all the  visual goodies that Northlight can deliver.

Such level could be put for example in Return 8, car could be broken and we would need to go on foot to the destination through the Mirror Peak or something like that. Whatever, just more woods.
I felt unsatisfied by the lack of interaction between Saga and Thor & Odin in the dark place. They say like 1-2 sentences to her and thats it?
    That interaction really feels like an afterthought. As if they remembered at the last minute that they needed to be there.
Th containers and loot either being too high or too low, you really have to aim the camera to get the prompt button.
The pages don't glow like they used to in the first game. Even an FBC file in Control referred to the manuscript pages emitting a faint glow but in this game the pages don't glow for some reason. Small peeve of mine.
    I think there might be a reason for this. In AW1 the pages were given by the Diver, the Bright Presence. In AW2, they were pulled out of the Dark Place with Alan.

Although idk how the pages in Control were given by the Diver, since it seems he hasn’t been in the story for a minute now. I think it was a new plot point though, and we know the AW2 concept changed a ton even compared to 2019.

Personally, I liked the glow too, but I think that’s the most logical reason to the change.
The fact that i can't play it due to it being too graphically demanding even on higher end graphics card
    Us bro us.
Not a fan of the “switching realties” option in the Safe Havens.

AW2 is so story-driven I’m surprised and disappointed Remedy didn’t force us to play the game in the “correct” order of events

Alternating between Alan and Saga, and switching after Overlaps so you stay relatively up to date with each storyline until the end
    This
After beating alanwake 2 on final draft on nightmare I can confidently say Alan’s missions were more creative but story wise imo the weakest part. I found myself more interested in Sagas story and gameplay way more than Alan’s. I love Alan and not saying his missions suck but after playing NG+ I was sick of the same NYC streets and areas. But SHOUT OUT TO ALEX CASEYYYYY
    I'm surprised by how much more invested I was with Saga and her plot when compared to Alan. I also really liked her actor. Really good work.
        I think Saga much like Alan in the first one was a nobody seemingly sucked into this grounded but very unreliable reality/narrative. You constantly questioned if saga was actually losing it or not. Plus more weapon variety. Alan imo was much more of a survival horror than saga. Saga was survival horror too but it was more open and generous with its ammo too.
I really miss the inanimate objects coming to life thing, fighting a combine harvester, monster trucks, a bridge...

but actually I thought it was really fun how danger could come from anything and it was a slightly missed opportunity
Maybe unpopular opinion, but imho both the Plot Board and the Case Board were not good.
The Plot Board’s impact on gameplay was very small and superficial. The few puzzles involving changing plots were really boring.

The Case Board was even worst. It starts as an interesting idea and at first I thought it was lineal because I was going through a tutorial. But no, its just that, its like a glorified codex. The game even acknowledges its unimportance by automcomoleting older cases. The worst part is the game locks progression behind finding clues and looking at them in the board, which is super annoying.

Nice try to add innovative systems, but it did not work.
    I liked the plot board a lot because it showed how an initially simple case ballooned into this insane web of other mysteries.

BUT by the last third I’d have 1 conversation and gain like 5 slides and just got tedious with having to stop and place each and every individual one.
    You're not wrong. Personally, I liked the plot board and case board, but I saw soooo much wasted potential.

I think the biggest problem is just that these concepts don't pair well with linear gameplay. If the game had choices, they could have been really interesting (e.g. advancing the case board via different paths, or by a combination of paths.) But when the game itself is a single path, the case board becomes very much a "find key, put in lock" mechanism. The few times that you need multiple clues to advance, they're all in the immediate area.

For the plot board, it could have still been great if the areas were larger and there were more changes. Or even if you had to switch between plots. Instead, a lot of it felt like there was just the correct plot for the area... I'd swap out all the plots hoping for more to explore, only to be disappointed.
    Honestly since the combat isn’t TOO impressive, I wish remedy committed to the puzzle/deductive gameplay idea a lot more since it’s a really cool concept but it usually just ends with you spamming photos together instead of intuiting the solution and as I was playing the game I couldn’t help thinking: “this is gonna be a slog to replay later” what a shame
    I didn't notice it until I read the 4/10 review from the Jimquisition. But it really opened my eyes to how much time I would spend on those boards waiting for real changes or surprises.
    I definitely get the technical frustrations of the Case Board, esp now that I'm replaying the game on console after PC (way more frustrating), but I have to defend the mechanics on a narrative level. Because this game has so many cases and things happening simultaneously, you need some way to not just keep track of everything you know, but that it makes sense as a player you are digesting what is happening and seeing how all the pieces fit. Plus, for me personally, it forces me into that mindset of "this is a narrative-first game, read everything, scour for all the details".


Remedy is good at creating novel game mechanics and I expect that the Case Board is a stepping stone to a better approach in the next game.
    The boards break up the game play so much.  They probably wouldn't have been so detrimental if so much of the game depended on you going around and farting about in the board menu.
No Barry Wheeler
i think it convoluted Thomas Zane too much, he was a mystery before the game but the game made everything about him just so much harder

plus the dodging window is too small imo
Two major complaints; Sagas mind place and trying to figure out where the clues go. Wasn't hard or anything, but there are so many that it started to just annoy me doing them. 2nd issue was the boss fights, they felt weird and not entirely fleshed out.
    [deleted]
        I dont hate it. I just wish the major plot points when selected automatically went into the right location in the mind map or whatever its called with the strings. I dont mind leaving the side clues and stuff manually selected, but sometimes I spent to long trying to find the right lead for some of the abstract ones. By the end it just wasn't interesting.
Inventory Management. Opening containers to find nothing is frustrating, and I struggled with the lack of space in the shoebox during my first playthrough.

These are both things that Resident Evil has been doing better since the series resurgence, so there's not really an excuse for it to feel so bad.

That's about it for me, though.

I supposed I would have liked Final Draft to have more new content.
    Now that you say this, it makes me think about how useful the automatic reshuffling of your inventory in RE4R was. I mean, iirc that did not exist in RE2R either, for example, but I really wish it was in AW2. And what's even more weird for me is that in AW2, you can't collect anything that takes more than one space in your inventory, even if you have the space, unless you rearrange your slots so you have all the required spaces side by side. It just tells you your inventory is full and doesn't auto-rearrange it when collecting loot. I'm playing on PS5, though I don't think that makes a difference in this aspect.
My only regret is that he doesn't do a previously on Alan wake after chapters
Mr Scratch being one-dimensional boogeyman and not funny psycho from American Nightmare
    The only glimpse of his old self is when he steals Jaakko’s jacket. Dude wanted to look good while being villainous.
No Barry. Should have showed up in the musical number imo
No *game saved* drum sound
My biggest disappointment is how they made the old folk live in the dark. The Valhalla was so badly lit that I had to always use flashlight.
    Well I’m sure that was a story choice because of Cynthia becoming corrupted
I didn't like some of the enemies, those teleporting knife throwers were terrible for one, it was tiresome to chase them and spam dodge all the time, not to mention thanks to them keeping distance, they took a lot of hits to kill. 

And I liked the Flashlight system of the first game better.
This is my most controversial opinion, but I felt like Control did a better blend of atmosphere/horror/light comedy than AW2
No Barry Wheeler 😭😂
The combat—especially compared to Control—is sloppy and not much fun.
    This. I kept scrolling this thread waiting for someone to say it. I don’t expect this game to be anything like its Remedy cousins from a combat perspective but after 40 hours or ‘normal’, combat was by far my biggest issue. Enemies ate my bullets and arrows, my dodges were always too early/late and reloading felt unnecessary slow. Yes, I understand its survival horror but there were times I thought my controller had some kind of latency issue. Everything felt sluggish.
    I had the opposite experience. Hated combat in Control. Guns felt weak and floaty even fully upgraded. Powers felt slow and thrown projectiles frequently got stuck on tiny bits of terrain. Lack of difficulty modes (aside from accessibility options).

In AW2 the weapons felt satisfying,  especially with upgrades.
 Not enough Alan in my Alan Wake 2 smoothie. My play though had 6 hours Saga, 4 hours for Alan. And now the DLC is going to have other playable characters, that's like 7:1 Alan ratio for characters
    My brother in Christ did you do any collectables? 10 hours is crazy fast.
        I did almost all the poems, finished all the case Board bloat, watched every commercial I came across, I even listened to the entirety of Poet And The Muse. How long did it take you? I'm curious
            I need to log onto the PS5 to check but I would think 30ish? 

But then I collected almost everything, I got the platinum on my first clear.
                For one playthrough? And I thought this game was too short! Were you reading every manuscript?
                    Every one I found, I might have missed a couple. I also took my time, played in the dark with headphones to get proper into the horror vibes so I could have been quicker with certain parts (I took so long to get through that empty fucking basement). 

I wouldn't be surprised if my ng+ run is 15 or less, but yeah, definitely got my money's worth.
                    My first playthrough was 36hrs. Read every manuscript, found every lunchbox, cache, Nursery Rhyme, etc. I even got 99% of Saga’s case board done, but apparently I missed 1-2 pieces of evidence so I had multiple clues leftover marked “For Later” that I couldn’t put up. I Platinumed the game on my first playthrough tho
                        I also had that two remaining "For Later" clues. I sure didn't platinum it though
                            Yeah idk what I missed for those clues and it still irks me that I didn’t complete the board, but closing all the cases isn’t for a trophy luckily. 

For the Platinum I looked through the trophies before the point of no return, realized outside of story chapter related trophies, all I had left to do was shoot a cutout in Coffee World, and use a death charm to save me from dying. I wasn’t trying to Plat it, but I was so close, so I did those real quick and my Platinum trophy clip on PS is Saga on the phone trying to call Logan with it ringing until the black screen for the credits
    How did you complete the game in 10 hours?
    Ten hours? I find that really hard to believe.
        I'll post it when I get the chance
    I counted >!6:1!< for the number of characters that aren't Alan to the one that is Alan including the DLC, where are you getting 7:1 from? Is there a datamining thing I didn't know about?

Also, in fairness, we play as Alan in two or three of the "Saga" chapters and. I mean, he is the "author" of the whole thing, so the whole plot is caused by him, more-or-less.
        Nightingale 

And the Alan parts of those saga chapters are like 3 minutes
The only issue that I've had with this masterpiece, was the ending. Wasn't so bad but also I had more questions after. I will watch Final Draft on YT or play it again in the future because I'm sure I will replay the game at some point.
    Play final draft it makes the whole spiral thing that much better
Lack of chapter replay and not being able to explore any of Bright Falls with Alan.
No Barry
'upscaled graphics' I fucking hate that trend
I am biggest disappointment with Alan Wake 2
Felt odd that Saga’s gameplay had multiple collectibles and optional flooded areas you could explore while Alan’s gameplay only had the words of power and no optional exploring? 
I get that’s the duality/dynamic of how the gameplay changes between the two characters, but Alan’s parts still felt smaller in scope which is a bummer when he himself is sort of the main character. 
Optional Dark Place locations sounds like it would’ve been cool 🤷
Probably it's performance on the Series S.
No barry 🥹
The mind place.
I’m a music guy and I would LOVE for the radio to keep playing the song while I’m switching to the mind board and looking at photos. I would stay in the mind place much longer if I could listen to some of those cool tunes, but once you exit the radio it stops. Very disappointing for a game that has very, very good music.
One story beat I’m kind of mixed about is the inclusion of the FBC, classifying the lake and dark presence as AWE’s and Alan as a “parautilitarian” kind of demystifies it for me in a bad way. It comes close to explaining the horror away for me. 

I think I would’ve preferred if the Alan Wake story was on it’s own, no FBC. Keep Ahti to hint about it and to have that link, but having an agency with a bunch of gear in this pretty intimate story of this little town and the troubled writer changes the dynamics in my mind.
    Personally it doesn't demystify anything because they have no idea how... anything really works and basically just document things the players already know.
    Funny I was about to write that I would have loved more direct tie in. 
Like maybe additional hints on the oceanview motel/hotel or whatever the deal with ahti is. 
Maybe they are saving the tie ins for the dlc, that's fair I suppose.
    Exactly my thoughts, it feels too much of FBC presence in this game.
        I think little hints like those people working on the electrical transformer and Ahti being there would make sense. But having a full squad of agents with weapons and a containment cell felt weird yeah.
            I belive its done for some sort of dlc or something in Conttol 2 but yeah it feels like too much intrusive.
Three main things: 

• Lack of a minimap. I got lost waaay too many times—and I don’t get lost that easily in video games.

• The performance on PS5 could be better.

• Being forced to put together the detective map pictures during Saga's segments—I got downright furious when I was supposed to pick the circuit board underneath the Espresso Express but couldn’t do so BEFORE I had connected the things in the Mind Place. Like, what the hell. 

Extra: 

• Your grammar, OP.
    That circuit board one was definitely really annoying, I remember rolling my eyes when I realised that.
    Haha, I won't say it was a long night after work and I may have had a drink or 2.
That Alan’s echoes basically force you to stand still and listen to them.

In the cinema you have 5-6 nearly back to back and if I open the map or walk around the area for resources it doesn’t pause, it stops and makes you start over.

So you just have to stand there and listen to minutes of purposefully purple prose back to back.
    And a lot of them aren’t even interesting.  Most are this really weird meta stuff that i guess I’m too dumb to understand
        I don’t think it’s you. I thought the whole point was that he was written as a cliché hard boiled noir detective, so once I got that the stuff in the cinema felt like more of the same.

I didn’t mind it, and liked the meta commentary from him toward the end, but didn’t like that I was forced to stay still and not keep exploring while listening.
Love AW and AW2 but The Final Draft has made me retroactively like AW2 less. I’m not one to replay games so locking a different ending and new story beats behind a second playthrough really irks me.
    That's such a wild take to me. The Final Draft having a different ending is one of the few occasions where NG+ actually adds so much to the game's narrative. It's not a loop, it's a spiral. Most new game pluses are just simply loops, the same game again. This one is a spiral, it's the most cohesive integration of NG+ I've ever seen and fits perfectly within the story's central idea.
        10000% agree in this particular instance, NG+ actually enhanced the main story without it being some paywalled DLC
        I think this is one of those cases where the idea sounds good on paper, but in reality it means playing the same 18hrs+ game again, with only some small changes and being allowed to see the uncut version of the ending.

Either you make a normal NG+ mode for people that like those modes, or you do something like Nier: Automata where once you finish your first playthrough, you're actually only 1/3 done, but the second iteration deviates more significantly from the first and after the 2nd playthrough the game continues for the last 3rd.

And in the case of Nier, even there, I'd say it was a gamble. The publisher put a note in the game, warning players that the game was not over, and some of my friends never finished the whole game because they didn't like the parts that were repetitive.

So in my opinion the NG+ in Alan Wake 2 exists awkwardly between a normal NG+ and something like what Nier did, where you get a 10 seconds extended final cutscene, but to get there you have to play, in large parts, the same game again, with only minor alterations along the way.

They either should have not cut the ending of the first playthrough, or have made much more significant changes to the NG+ mode (or even make the restarting of the story part of the first playthrough).
        And that’s the beauty of opinions. I’m glad it worked for you.
        Honestly I think I just expected more variance in NG+ with how they advertised it having new content. Now that's basically my own expectations tripping me up, but I really wish NG+ was a "streamlined" version of the main game- cut out the fat, make it a lean beast that bites harder and progresses quicker in a desperate tumble to the end. Plus I was wholly expecting the characters to start having deja vu and slowly realizing they'd done this before. Perhaps unable to alter the events themselves as they were already written, but aware of what was about to happen. It would have made for an amazing 2nd playthrough!

Only having 2 or 3 (I might've missed one?) Darling TV recordings felt like a lackluster inclusion. There's only 28 minutes altogether of new/changed content.

Now, that said, I understand it is still just a NG+ and I was a bit foolish for hoping there might be a ton of effort to make it more unique vs the main game. It's still a nice departure (heh) from the usual NG+ formula and I do appreciate the tiny changes and additions and the final ending is worth the slog of some of those story beats that were great the 1st time but so slow on replay.
        I mean, I wholeheartedly agree with them; AW2 is probably my favorite game ever, but the way the endings were handled ruined the sensation a lot for me.

I thinkt it would've been a different story if the ending in NG+ was something totally different to setup the DLC or Control 2 or w/e, but now it's blatantly obvious the original ending was just a cut-off from the longer one, which is cheap suspense in a game that otherwise excels at storytelling.

Which is disappointing. The game is amazing, but I can see how people who've waited 13 years for a conclusion are frustrated with yet-another cliffhanger, and how many of them won't even know, or bother, to replay the game and therefore miss out on, what, one more minute that ties everything together? Like I said, I *love* this game, but I ain't replaying the entirety of it for such small amount of new content when I can just Youtube it instead – and that destroys the little purpose it has.
So I'm of the opinion that it just feels jarringly incomplete to not give us the full ending, and the bittersweet conclusion to Alan's story, the first time. And a bit rude tbh.

Meta-story-wise, two loops to end it just also feels either 1) redundant (just give us the real ending the first time to mark the importance of this game showcasin the end of Alan's struggle, and allow people to play NG+ with their items) or 2) too easy (lock it behind several more loops to make it feel like the long-ass process that the game tells us the spiral is).
        >  is one of the few occasions where NG+ actually adds so much to the game's narrative

Except the only relevant changes were the intro and outro, the rest of the spiral was pretty much the same as what we already played.

I understand it from a development point of view, it's too much work to make ng+ change a lot of things, but from a narrative standpoint, we get a new ending pretty much just because. Characters didn't do anything different to get to the real ending.
        Agreed! The way Remedy set up this NG+ and seamlessly making it a part of game lore was mind blowing to me
    I have so many things to say for The Final Draft and AW2 but I am in complete agreement with you there. The ending fell flat on its arse in both the base game and NG+.
        You really think so? Tell me more please why?
    I played it twice before The Final Draft even was announced. So I played it three times. In my opinion, this is a really brainy game, so for me it needed to played again. Something I really didn't like about The Final Draft are the various bugs. Don't wanna spoiler anything, I guess it's not hard to find them online, I found a lot of people complaining when I was trying to find a solution
Lack of physical edition
Too much gumflapping and time wasting stuff, not enough actual gameplay. The first game had a great story but balanced it out way better with gameplay. There were several 1-2 hour stretches of AW2 with 0 combat, just walking around talking to people, profiling people, whatever.

Don't get me wrong I loved the game but having to file a bunch of shit on the evidence board (not really deducing anything myself. and in some cases recapping situations I already figured out by playing the game).

The whole end bit in the mind place where you literally just click on objects in the room, go put them on the evidence board for 20 minutes, and then hit 'profile' on people like 30 times in a row. That whole section was just egregious. If there is no actual meaningful interactions with the environment or gameplay just make it a cutscene. Clicking shit and filing pictures on a board for 30 minutes isn't my idea of a climatic game ending.

...that section on the beach though : )

Weird because Control has excellent pacing and gameplay balance too.
I was going to say Revolver being 9mm,but to my surprise, it turns out there are actually 9mm Revolvers.
 So, nothing. The game is my number zero.
Pacing, I love the story and atmosphere and combat. But the pacing when playing Alan's side of the story really struggles with being a walking sim with cut scenes, more walking with some times combat.
I was disappointed with the last section. It’s the same with Alan Wake 1 where the last section is very underwhelming. I guess it’s better in the first game because you got this huge ass tornado of possessed objects you have to traverse / fight but it’s so short. Then in Alan wake 2 it’s just Saga finding something, no big fight or stand off (a few enemies pop up but cmon that’s nothing) then skips to the last cutscene. And from my experience, that sectioned was super bugged because I would just fall through the floor. Idk what I did to fix it but I hope by now it is fixed indefinitely.
For me the mind place got to be too much by the end. There were multiple times I couldn't progress because somehow I missed putting a case clue on the board. And the last chapter where saga is basically fighting with herself was annoying because I just wanted to get to the end but kept going back and forth with all the interactions it felt way too long to me. I enjoyed playing some of her sections especially the nursing home area. Some of the Alan scenes I was completely lost and seemed overly reliant on the scene changing in a specific spot in some areas. I had the right scene on the board but was not in the right place when I did it which led me to think I had the wrong one. Took me forever to figure out what I had to do. The whole light changing was fine for the make part but got confusing in some of the basement sequences where I just felt like I was randomly changing the lights to see what to do. Overall I enjoyed the game but some of these things brought it down from being top tier to me.
I would’ve liked a longer Alan above the lake section. Just extend the level even give us maybe a bit more of a linear path through the woods that’s different from the regular cauldron lake map saga has. Getting the old music and sound effects was amazing I just would’ve enjoyed a bit more of it.
Lack of map scale. I want to run through forests and abandoned mining villages again. My dream is an Alan Wake game with larger areas and maybe the metroidvania design of control. Out in the middle of nowhere, hunted by taken and slowly making your way through dense forests and empty towns trying to survive. 

The areas in 2 are good for the intended story and design but the game didn’t give me the same isolated feeling as the first one.
I didn’t like the combat.
bugs and only bugs
I'd say my only real disappointment was how fucking slow you moved
I worry that if they'd tried to push the weather effects too far they might've lost a bit of the realism if they didn't increase the budget a bit. In the old engine less needed to be done to sell those effects because of the lower fidelity and need to be more stylized. But in modern game they would need to do new walking animation IMO to convey the characters as windswept, and they'd need to add physics effects for the clothing/hair to move right without clipping, and the trees would need similar effects baked in to convey directionality, and I feel like I'm honestly probably missing a few other details.

That might seem like a lot, but the uncanny valley is a lot wider and more treacherous once your characters and environments reach this level of realism, things that wouldn't have mattered at all in AW1 would totally break visual immersion with these ne graphics. Also, they talked about how they had to spend a lot more to get the models and rigging for all the townspeople done this time, but they still didn't get as much as they wanted, and personally I can tell. In old games that was certainly a concern, but the per-character costs have increased exponentially since say, Max Payne 1. Those exponential increases extend out to everything, to a degree though! The trees were all real scanned PNW trees, for example, and so they are a lot more complex to animate.
It just comes off a bit pretentious like Control and Alan Wake 1, but I still enjoyed it a lot
How the flashlight works
I absolutely love the game and think it’s 10x better than Alan Wake 1. Would have liked to see Barry. And a little more of Alan in the real world and not just the dark place for most of the game. I found the ending to be a little underwhelming but hopefully it gets a more strong finish with DLC
That is not on steam.
alan mechanics itself
The Fact Final Draft won’t let me get the lighthouse inventory upgrade I missed the first time.
Still no photo mode! Biggest disappointment.
having to manually save certain parts because it will start you over to far back
The button not responding when I’m trying to go to the case board or the writer’s room
no barry wheeler
Lack of physical release.
I was disappointed that the laughing coffee display at Coffee World didn’t laugh again after the tape was pulled out. 

Was also disappointed in the deer petting rewards since I had so much crap already at that point in the game, but I was more sad that the coffee display didn’t laugh again.
    It did laugh for me in my last night "Final Draft" playtrought, maybe that's something new that they added?
Too much Control in my Alan Wake. Let's tone that down. Keep them in the universe...but tone it tone.
The texture streaming issues and the fact that the flashlight's battery is now consumed in pulses, instead of gradually, and it no longer regenerates.
My biggest disappointment is that we did not get to see Jesse Faden in the flesh and not just a blink and you miss it moment, at least not yet. Its rumored we’ll see her during the Lakehouse DLC, fingers crossed.
Mr Door doesn’t have a cohost named Mr. Window.
after 30 hours and completing the game yesterday I must say that the first one took longer.
Lack of a photo mode
I wished Alan had bigger areas like Saga did. I was really excited about AW2 thinking I could explore with Alan like the first one, just in a bigger area. I feel like Alan's parts are too linear at times and have a lot of backtracking in some areas. Also, where is Barry? He's mentioned but is nowhere. Maybe the actor wasn't available. The charms as well. Half being the same ones is really boring.
My biggest disappointment is that the game didn't ship with a photo mode.

I know there's an update coming that adds this functionality but it should have been in-game since day one. I love taking photos but I don't want to replay the whole game again. There's no chapter replay so it's even worse.
Yep, I agree.

I miss the swirlies, the whole world distorting. I think the "reason" for it is that it's not the "Dark Presence" after you, just some Taken? Idk, that's my headcanon. I also miss the birds, I miss the things flying at me. But the world distorting effect was really only done in The Dark Place, where it's usually more integral in Remedy's games.
It ended
Nothing lol
I would love a driving open world area just to vibe in with the rain and trees.
My grief with the game? We have blacktail deer here in the PNW. The deer body models they used were whitetail. Their antlers were absolute garbage for ANY known species. And then when you reach the end of the puzzle they used a RED STAG roar for what should be an ELK bugle. 

I just don't understand how Remedy could be so amazingly accurate about everything else - the trees and plants, the way forestry signs and trails look, the feel of run-down coastal towns and even the way sunlight behaves during the late-fall mornings and evenings - and yet get this key item so *wrong*.
The NPCS in the towns. They put me off a lot and not in the surreal way - there is some stuff intentionally done but many come off as unfinished.
I thought scratch could’ve gotten more screen time
mirros don’t show reflection on ps5 💀
barry, where's barry!?
I don't have a pulse on what the general consensus is about this, but I personally felt the combat was fairly lackluster. It's so odd, because the gun-play feels fine, but there's something about the difficulty balance that just feels off. Encounters feel few and far between, and they feel either surprisingly short, or frustratingly unfair with no in-between. That and the flashlight hitbox on enemies is so small that I found myself using flares more than my actual flashlight. 

I find this so odd because Remedy is usually ON POINT with combat in their games and this is a rare case where I found myself never really getting into the groove, but I will be fair and say that this fits the survival horror aspect in that every encounter left me on edge. If an encounter was too short, I felt like there was going to be another enemy right behind me. If an encounter was long, it was because I was struggling and it left me with one of my resources thoroughly drained.

Still though, a lot of that feels unintentional, and I hope that Remedy settles into this new style of gameplay with the DLC so that things are a little more balanced.
Lack of enemy variety with bosses and boss combat being a little lackluster and too easy for how the rest of the game is presented. but i actually do think the overlaps were really cool and fever dreamish, the atmosphere of liminal spaces being the “between place”. i think i’m in the minority there. Also more side quests & expansion in the actual town parts and just a more satisfying progression system with upgrades. It’s more story focused so i’m probably asking for a lot here.
That the gameplay and atmosphere don't even feel remotely like Part 1.

To me it just felt like a Resident Evil clone.

Don't get me wrong, the game itself was good, but not nearly what I was hoping for.
Finished it weekend. Mostly enjoyed it 

My gripes


1. I found Wakes chapters pretty dull the scene changing was a great idea but I found it clunky and at times generally confusing and irritating

2. The enemies in Wakes chapters incredibly dull compared to sagas that we know and love

3. The numerous bugs 

4. The evidence board and times was frustrating
The only slight gripe I have is the dreariness of Bright Falls. In 1 it was beautiful by day and that was one of my favourite things about the game. It makes sense for the plot that it's dreary, but Bright Falls was kind of like a character itself that was missing from 2.
Been wanting to make a post about this myself actually, but I miss Barry! Where's my best bud who's always got my back when everyone including myself thinks I'm going crazy?!
\-Not being able to replay Heralds of Darkness

\-Maybe 1 or 2 more characters in the dark place.

\-Lack of unlockables at the end like Resident evil do (give you uber weapons at the end so you can experiment in a replay).

But yeah it's criminal you can't just replay herald of darkness, that shit goes HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARD
Whenever Saga took off her FBI jacket and there was no option to put it back on.. I get the reasons behind it, lmao, but I don't care! Best part of the game, visually, is the beginning walking around the forrest with Sam La -- Alex Casey and have that FBI logo pop so nicely in the dark.
No possessed stuff. I wanted to fight more possessed tractors and demolition balls etc. Enemy variety wasn't very good.
Not being able to continue after you finish the game. I just finished Final Draft and I wish I could go find all the collectibles but there's no option to go back in a post-game-finished state.

Comparing that to Control, where you can basically endlessly play the game with all the side missions.
I think the game being so easy actually, I don't know if I'm just good at it or got lucky but even on Nightmare it felt near a "walk in the park", I think this game would greatly benefit from a RNG mode (itens and enemies mixed on different places) or something like that, this New Game Plus was a HUGE letdown.
The dual protagonists approach. While Saga's story did start well, her levels became a chore to play for me especially after Alan's. 

Saga's sections were like poorly designed Resident Evil levels, with an amateurish take on it's survival horror mechanics. As a character, she seemed pretty generic and felt disconnected from what's happening around her. The mind place also becomes a chore very quickly, once I figured out that's just about putting a photo in the right place rather than getting creative with the clues.

And story wise, after 13 years, Alan's story did not go anywhere. This is Alan Wake, I wanted to see what happens with Alan. It's much more interesting to play as a writer who can write to change the reality, than playing as an indestructable FBI agent trying to save his/her loved one. We've seen the latter sooo many times.

No Barry, very little Alice. Pretty much everything about Alan's story is teased for future DLC's, while the main game barely moved his story any further than where we left him.
    Saga's sections take way too long with all the goddamn collectibles
I found alan's chapters boring
No I’m not!
It didn't feel like a true ending. Probably because of the dlc.
The gameplay, it’s so piss poor. It’s nonsensical why the enemies run around faster than light in a combat system based on the slow zombies from RE2. It’s so shit and it just took me out of it while screaming at the tv whenever I died.
    I hate how they made the flashlight work in AW2.  I also hate how the taken can still come at you while you’re using the flashlight on them
        Plus they never actually explain how that shit works. In the first one they explain that you need to shine it to damage them. In the second one, some shadow guys just disappear from normal light, some attack you, some transform from boosts, etc.
    Exactly! They used RE2 combat which is great for slow enemies instead of RE4 which is faster to deal with with faster enemies. Playing RE4 this year really made the poor combat stick out. 

When gameplay is good, you feel you messed up but I never felt that when I died in AW2.
        It’s baffling how this made it past QA, it just feels so wrong.
This wont be a popular opnion but i feel like with all the the work done on the champion of light sequence, they could have gotten some dance lessons and do a more elaborte choreography. I dont even like musicals but it bugs me each time i watch the video (which is a few times a day XD)
Alans Parts was the most boring and annyoing gameplay i ever had to Play.
Alan's Level's felt useless, most of them were just the same and nothing you see in them is ever explained kater.
That it ended, loved the game.
Epic Games Store. Nuff said.
Tor and Odin. They are good to make a laugh, a side joke but I don't like when they became part of the story.
That the game is called Alan Wake 2 yet majority of it is playing as Saga...
Heh, the antiwoke warrior deleted. Good stuff.
My biggest issue was that Saga and Alex never really discuss the whole agent nightingale zombie fight after they find Alan. I am sorry but what? "So kid how was the walk out of the forest" 

"oh I got attacked by random wolvesthat I need to shine light at, also alot of zombies, what about you" 

Casey: "Alan and I had a pleasant walk back, we even found ice cream" 
Saga: "What the fuck" 
Casey "What"
Saga "You mean that I dodged cultists and zombies, you never actually saw anything? "
I love the game, but there are some flaws: 

-  Bright falls and Watery are nice, contained small places, it was quite possible to  have better NPCS populating those places, with interactive lines of dialogue. 

- I like the investigation board in the mind place, but it would be nice if we could attach the pictures in any order and make mistakes. It could be more challenging, less guided.

- the profiling power is bullshit. I understand there is an explanation but I don’t like it as a plot device. It should require investigative effort, visual leads captured during the dialogues to come up with those insights. 

- the charms system is a good idea but it was badly implemented. The perks are not good enough to justify constant rearranging. It should allow switching multiple combinations to make different “builds” on the fly. 

- enemy respawn is too frequent. Sometimes you kill all enemies in an area to free up time to explore  and they respawn immediately. 

- killing enemies brings no reward, an XP system tied to the capacity of equipping more charms, or even improving the charms would make all systems work in a more cohesive way. 

- the flashlight, oh my god, it is worse than the first game. I lost count of many times I died because the flashlight boost keeps disconnecting from the enemy darkness shield. Once connected it should not stop unless the player releases the button. 

- the metroidvania aspect could be deeper. Items that open new paths could be locked behind other items and not automatically given to the player via story progression. 

- the graphics are beautiful, but the lip sinc is still weird. Remedy is now playing on the big leagues, facial animation on cutscenes needs to be flawless. 

But those are all nitpicks, to me it was the best game of 2023 and one of the best horror games ever made.
[removed]
    If you desperately need a lore explanation, why not go with the fact that Quantum Break is an alternate universe within the RCU and Quantum Break's version is white.
        Or it was just way earlier draft/loop.
        problem is : alex casey seem unaffected?

why did that alternate universe have a different version of saga?

what is the divergence point between Quantum Break vs Alan Wake 2, that resulted in such a different version of the same person?
            [deleted]
                > why does it matter

on one hand : they can try to downplay the change

or

on the other hand : they can come up with an in-lore backstory that is so awesome, that it blows people's mind how amazingly creative the writers are.

it's either the boring option vs the awesome one.
                    [deleted]
                        > what's the point

sigh.. people choosing the boring option.

downplaying it acting like "it doesn't matter"

the thing is : it COULD matter.

it could have been an elaborate backstory.

it would be like having something awesome, amplified.

i suppose this argument is like how much hot sauce do you want on your slice of pizza?

some don't like spicy, some do, it's just something very subjective that we will never really agree upon.
                            [deleted]
                                > nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
                            You're trying really hard to appear like this isn't some complaint about "woke game companies" but it's not working.
                                geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
                                    Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
    Lore for the "race swap"? Really who cares? Quantum Break isn't even part of the connected universe, and that version of AW2 was just a concept trailer that was added in to QB as an in-universe TV show, not meant to be an actual trailer for this game.

And if you didn't play QB, it makes me wonder even more why you care. I'm just surprised that "woke" didn't appear in your post.
    > i didn't know there was a previous version of saga.

That was just an easter egg, nothing too relevant really.
        > nothing too relevant

but they COULD make it relevant.

i'd rather they write some awesome backstory, than just discard it with a meta explanation such as : they had to rewrite the story because (insert real world reasons here)
            Sure, but Quantum Break is not part of the remedyverse.
                they could just explain it like an alternate world event.

ie : like a branch of reality that has been cut off.

so there are characters that appeared there, like alex casey and anderson, but those versions no longer has an effect in the current reality.

like a one way ticket, point of origin can be acknowledged, but backtracking was no longer possible.
Saga Anderson as a whole. Her and her mind place are so boring. You spend half of her campaign looking at talking jpegs in her spirit place.
    She also is a pretty terrible detective.
Alan Wake's own sections. I loved the Yötön Yö movie and I loved the musical section, but even the musical was almost ruined by the combat section. His combat is absolutely atrocious and I hate the enemies you fight as him. They teleport right to you, shoot homing explosives and random shadows clothesline you and make you waste battery and ammo by acting like enemies and then disappearing. I just ran away from most fights because I couldn't be bothered, not with Alan's terribly slow weaponry.

I also REALLY didn't like how they nerfed the flashlight. It being tied to these sections instead of you being able to control the bursts is a definite downgrade from the original.

Other than that, just the bugs in general. Too many times I fell through the floor and had to reload. Those were the worst but there were multiple other smaller bugs that just generally annoyed me.
Barely any combat, less enemies.

Being a collect-walk sim, less actual gameplay. Perfec5 for non-gamers. Re4R goty.
I don’t like that you have to complete it 2 times to get the full story🤬 i want to finish a game, delete it and start with a new one ffs
I would but then ill get banned
That there isn't a physical edition.
For me it was when I engaged my first Taken and finding out the audio and visual effects from the torch were completely changed from the first game
It just starts off too slow. It takes like a good 2 hours or more to get going. It was difficult to get my friends into it who went from a fast paced game like Spider Man 2 to a game that starts as a very slow burn.
I don’t mind the character of Saga. But I wish Alan Wake just had us playing as Alan Wake. I think it’s confusing enough for people who hadn’t played the first game, but then they are adding a 2nd main character, and it just seems like a lot to keep up with. I mean I played the first game, but I can easily see how someone would get confused by what’s going on
Well, the name of the game is Alan Wake 2, yet in the game we only play as Alan Wake and Saga. 

I bough the game to play as Alan Wake 2, not Alan Wake. How come the character in the title of the game doesn't show uo in his own game? 😡😡😡
I couldn’t agree more with this post. I have over 300 hours altogether on AW1 and I still could play it again no worries. The new AW was good but the old combat seemed like there was more enemies and the dodge mechanic seemed so flawless. Now it seems as tho the game is too graphically advanced to put as many enemies on screen like that. I like the creepy murder mystery side to the new game but it didn’t scratch the itch all the way. I also find myself enjoying Saga story much more than Alan’s side of it.
I wish both Initiation and Return had Alan has the pratagonist.

The characters in Bright Falls already knew Alan, I wanted their interactions.

Can you imagine how Rose would've felt after all this time? Tor and Odin? Even Cynthia probably had things she wanted to tell Alan.

I guess they did this on purpose, to have a boring character end up saving Alan from his endlessly dark mind. She's exactly the opposite of Alan, no emotions or anything. Even her daughter dying doesn't get much of a reaction, even her darkest fears in the Dark Place are literally nonexistent(everybody gets thoughts like that, they aren't special).

I think they forgot that they're also making a game, not just a narrative experience.
The biggest one is that Alan Wake 2 is not like that segment as Alan in real world after Mr.Scratch fight at Couldron Lake. Alan, music and fight sounds, atmospehere😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫

AW2 is awesome and all, but i want it be like this segment fo the whole game, tbh
Well, I enjoyed the game, but I think there were several issues:

\- The game went overboard with the constant darkness, this in turn made the darkness feel non-threatening, because you get used to it. I missed seeing most places at daytime, I would have loved to have tension and suspense at daytime too, having the darkness take over the place gradually around you.

\- The enemies were boring quickly, because they were not fearsome and no longer funny like AW1. I think the only time an enemy felt threatening was the morgue in the beginning. where you had nothing to defend yourself.

\- All annoying stuff: cheap flashing / shouting jumpscare screens in your face (I mean really, they could not come up with anything better?), enemies teleporting behind bushes throwing stuff at from random directions, enemies respawning right in front of you 10 seconds after fighting them for 3 minutes

\- The mind place was annoying, since you cannot be a detective, there are no decisions. The mind reading stuff Saga did was ridiculously bad: Where is the clicker? Next question: But really, WHERE IS THE CLICKER?

\- The mind place / writer's room degraded the immersion a lot. Are you in a creepy tunnel? Fear not, a cozy, warm and safe room is just a button push away.

\- You have no control over the story at all, no decisions at all, I would rather had decisions than lightweight and meaningless RPG elements

\- Most places felt empty as hell, it would have been much more interesting to meet other people here and there.

\- Sometimes being in the darkness made very little actual sense: consider how many areas were dark, where there was electricity, and stuff like computers, vending machines etc. did still work, you could however not turn up the lights instead went with the flashlight

\- The ending without the NG+ is like having the proton torpedoes being fired on the Death Star, and then immediately being cut to Directed by George Lucas...

\- Much of the story makes no sense if you think about it, e.g. how is it possible that the FBC did not take over immediately? I mean they must have ears in the police. Why you go alone everywhere? Why you need to have a "cult" to fight the darkness in secret? Like what would happen if people know? Why the population do not gather together to fight it? Why go on investigations during the night, but - I guess based on having sunsets every time we go somewhere - sleep during the daytime?

\- The story did not have any real twists which were interesting and cool.

\- The dark place were underwhelming and empty, it was not really creepy, and the shadows got boring really fast.

\- The scene / light switching with Alan was very basic, I would have loved it if it is like when you see the past appear live, like in The Shining.

\- While the game looks good, but honestly how many scenes do you remember fondly? Ok the musical part, and then?
I found Alan Wake's chapters to be quite tedious which is a shame, as the game is supposed to be about Alan Wake. Saga's chapters were the most interesting and I enjoyed them the most. Overall, I liked the game, just disappointed that the Alan Wake chapters weren't better than they were.
Saga anderson
The most obvious to me is the incredible amount of bugs this game has. It’s downright shameful how poorly it runs. At certain points I was really confused as to how a game that crashed as much as it did and does on my console even made it out of the testing phases. 

Aside from that, movement was sticky at times, combat was rough around the edges. Enjoyed everything else.

But those tech issues man…wow. I pushed through to finish the game and it was soured for me so I haven’t been back. I played Control right before AW2 launched expecting it to have that same polish…I was mistaken.

For all the praise AW2 has gotten it’s incredible to me that 2 1/2 months post launch there are still hard crashes happening on consoles from opening a menu. Wild.
    What do you play on? I have a ps5 and despite all the constant updating never experience an immersion breaking bug
        Xbox Series S, I wish I had your experience. I’ve read a fair amount of similar criticism in this sub regarding bugs as well. For the first few weeks there was an ongoing thread where people were just mass reporting all the issues they were running into across various platforms.
    Agreed. I went to play final draft a week after I beat the game and found that the only save the game had was from when I was half way through. Combine that with the game not launching if it doesn’t detect 16gb of ram in windows and since mine reads as 15.5 because of the integrated graphics, I would have to edit game files every update. There are posts in here everyday about something not updating correctly and people being unable to progress. It’s absolutely ridiculous.
There are a few not heavy things:

(Technical)

- Some weird raytrace light points that seems little bit buggy (in some areas where dirt can't explain it)

- enemy respawns are annoying bcs i always could say on that spawn points when I go 10 meters left there sure there again 

(Story):

- the complexity make it  random at many points. The world has nothing like inner lore 'nature law' (the one with 'good plot' is a ironically BCS the end is not that good but I don't played final d). The world needs more real complexity like the wire , got or similar, rules how works things that make it less random 

- some aw1 chars and plot points are to much abandoned for me. They sayed it basically to the player themselves with barey. To make a more dlc char the main antagonist is confusing BCS I don't played awan

- Control universe feels damaged to me, if it would be true, that Alan just made it. But in general the freaky control weirdness is damaged for me from aw2 bcs fbc is something like a boring institution now . Just to much control and less understatement (but still love ahti<3)
    Scratch being the main antagonist is not American Nightmare thing, it's already set up in the first game proper.
    FBC was always a boring institution. The instance with the hiss was a standout. You've seen they're documents, they're another bureaucracy but their focus is more interesting
No Horde/Survival mode (think American Nightmare).

Combat and resource management need more polish, never felt like the danger or anxiety that I was lacking more amno or health ítems as there were plenty for both no matter what difficulty I chose.

I guess the Survival aspect needs a bit of work.
That it's a digital-only game. I refuse to pay a big studio money for a game that can be taken away from me at any opportunity with no refund. I don't care about "convenience" - if I'm gonna spend $60 or more on the thing I want to actually *own* it.
Cynthia’s bossfight was honestly very tedious and clunky, and the first few chapters of Initiation (pretty much everything before WE SING onwards or so) as it is an almost too-slow burn opening
The inventory management is horrible (especially for Saga). Just give me more inventory space, the character is already carrying 4 big guns which is unrealistic. 2 out of 3 inventory upgrades for Saga were bugged as well so by the end of the game it was me and the shoebox basically. I am estimating this jumbling around cost me 2 hours of extra game time. Also the shoebox was filling up at some point.
Not disappointment per say... But my biggest criticism is that the menus got too much after a while. The mind place being the biggest offender, did we really have to watch Saga pick her head up and put it back down during the profiling segments (which there already was an abundant amount)
That it isn’t available on disk
Jump scares
The crashes… so many crashes
A.W.1 had more locations in Bright Falls and drivable vehicles. The enemy Taken could also inhabit objects and swarms of birds. The enemy Taken in A.W.2 seemed more like missing hikers and missing townsfolk that were never mentioned anywhere in-game. Some respawning shadow wolves were more like bullet sponges before going down. For Alan, hostile shadows can be avoided but that’s more a gameplay issue. For Saga, sneaking around is just as pointless as fighting the Taken outside the nursing home in direct sunlight. Aesthetically pleasing but A.W.1 stated nothing happens during daylight. A safe period lacking in the sequel. Complainants aside, cannot wait for the DLC. Maybe it will answer some of these?
Combat
The original ending was such a letdown and didn't have any payoffs which is why I wish that the NG+ ending would have been the original ending as it felt much more satisfying.
The puzzles were pretty lackluster and the backtracking and exploration aspect of survival horror couldve been better implemented cos the levels are fantastic. I think the item economy could have been better balanced cos u go from too much ammo in early game to almost no ammo in the end game when it coulda been better spread out
I just wish it was more difficult, or at least had more difficulty options. Even in Nightmare mode I died maybe 3 times, and those were mostly 1 hit kills from a failed dodge on a boss. I'd die for a nightmare+ difficulty with even higher difficulty and far less ammo spawned. Would also love an option to limit the number of saves e.g. classic Resident Evil
The game had quite a few bugs on my playthrough. It seems a lot have been fixed but currently it left a bad taste in my mouth.
I wish the combat was slightly less clunky. It works for the majority of the game where it's survival horror, but in the couple of segments where becomes action orientated I found it very frustrating.
Audio delays. It ruined the game for at launch. I was gutted. I refunded it on Xbox and had to wait weeks for patches. It still isn't perfect. But it was several seconds out which completely ruined the impact of every beat, and all cutscenes were ruined too.
The gameplay is way too slow, every animation takes excruciatingly long to execute. The boss fights are too simple and don't go far enough with the craziness. Heck the game rarely actually leans into the craziness of its excellent presentation. 

Scratch was dull. Generally big Bad's in Remedy games are always damp squibs. Lack of enemy variety too. 

Headshots are finicky. Sometimes you need 1 other times 4.
Glitches / Bugs / performance on PS5, I have these same glitch as you posted in Watery, 

Lack of chapter replay, 

Graphical shimmering and resolution
I was hoping there would be some side quests in bright falls or watery.  Imagine Saga and Casey going on some x-files type shit big and small in between the main story advances.
No invert X axis. 😩
New Game Plus

They had the opportunity to go wild with it considering New Game Plus was canon to the story

They could've made subtle changes in enemy spawns, make one or more of the optional areas nescesary to go to and add new events there, etc

All that would push Saga and Alan to find a new ending....But instead we got only a few bits of manuscripts, TVs and the barely changed new ending
Sagas mind place. I’m not playing a horror game to scrapbook
The audio bugs on pc that haven’t been addressed at all. In a game where atmosphere is key the constant cutting of voices and background ambience completely derails it. Really bummed me out after waiting for 13 years and now just experiencing this.
The constant repetition in the dark place with Alan and the rewriting the story mechanic made his story incredibly confusing to play.

Also i didn’t like the way the flashlight worked.  I prefer the old system of flashlight use
Those fast moving taken dudes suck ass in a game where you move this slow and where the flashlight misses half the time.
The pacing is atrocious
The pretty poor performance on PC at times and I feel like there wasn't enough combat. I really enjoyed the combat in the og and American nightmare and I felt like I could go very long stretches without it
The flashlight just not working like half the time I use the boost
Too many jumpscares. Kinda got old going to a door or some portion of the map and get hit with a flashing screenshot of angry person with loud sound
I was disappointed that the game ended with a movie and not with interactive part 

Not to get into spoiler territory but I feel they could have allowed us to point the gun and pull the trigger ourselves
Nothing I didn’t like was lack of enemy variety.  Sure, the bosses were unique but I was hoping at least for more enemy types from American Nightmare to show up.
Mine biggest gripe was the combat. I should note that I played this on release, so some of the things were possibly due to bugs etc. I found some of areas to be lacking and of course I found myself encountering the frozen wolves quite often ahaha. This being said, game was absolutely amazing and Alan Wake has always been one of my favourite universes since the first game. Cannot wait for more!
the original game was so bad bud...  literally the fog was the only "atmosphere" the game had and yet it was still so bright. absolute 0 fear playing that game. and what crazy weather did the first game have? the environment didn't even move? it was basic as hell.
That I still can't finish the game because it bugged and I can't progress through to the end game.
On some levels any time I move the camera the game stutters a little bit. I can walk in any direction and it's smooth but oh boy, you use that right stick and it jutters.

Why remedy?  It's such a gorgeous game and it's not every chapter.
The Dark Ocean Summoning holdout. 

The song is one of my favorites in the whole game, the lead up following the bus crashing through everything got me so excited, but the fight felt borderline non-functional with the enemies being so tanky and the guns being so, so slow. That fight on hard alone made me certain that I'd never do nightmare difficulty.
My biggest disappointment was Scratch's character and the lack of Barry
That not enough people are playing it.
NPCs could have been more engaging and interactive. They were mostly glorified props.

Also, seeing some NPCs as Taken was cool, but seemed inconsistent as you'd occasionally see that same person alive and well wandering the streets. Breaks the illusion.
I would love to see shadows cast by normal objects form into shadow enemies. Similar to prey converting normal objects into enemies. A couple times a saw large shadows and thought crap what’s in there for it to be nothing. Crawling out of a shadow thee way they crawled our of that well. (Which was a nice touch in its own right) would be a great addition to 3.
Lip Sync issues
Two things, one minor, one major. Minor, is the fact some collectibles can bug, and basically break your completion. Twice I’ve played through, and twice I’ve had the cult stashes break and leave me unable to get in the lighthouse.
Major: when you play as Alan for the second time in bright falls, the quick turns he does as his paranoia flared was fantastic. Made me suddenly think “why haven’t we had more subtle animations like this with saga or him?” And just made me want more. Make them feel alive. Examples: Saga could ready her shooting hand, hovering it over her pistol if you have it selected before a fight. She is a… Anderson, after all. Check her weapons out, making sure they’re ready for the next fight. Make the flashlight flicker occasionally, make her shake it. And with Alan, make him react to the voices of the shadows. Shiver if he passes through one. Just little things like that really bring a character to life
As many others mentioned, I really wished we could have seen Barry Wheeler in person during the game.
No Photo mode
The flashlight feels clunky to use. I lost count of how many times I was pointing at one of those white spots that block passage and boosted the flashlight only for it to somehow miss completely.

I really wish it worked like the first game or at least let me hold the button to use more charges
    I miss the old flashlight mechanics tbh. I liked how the flashlight moved with the right stick a lot better and how it would slowly recharge a bit over time. 

It was also nice that in AW1 you could slowly burn off dark spots/barriers with the flashlight without aiming it and wasting battery.
That it ends. I loved the ending and replaying it, but after playing final draft, there was an actual ending and was so satisfying. Can’t wait for AW3!
I found Alan's story board far more confusing than Saga's case board.

Running was fiddly.

Not much else, loved it.
I don't like putting clues on the board. It's so tedious and takes you out of the game.
My biggest disappointment is not playing it after everyone is blowing up how good it is. Bills suck!
Probably the more technical side of things, like the performance mode on ps5 having weird rendering issues and how the framerate could just tank regardless of performance or quality mode.
The dodging is really slow and scratch felt too easy compared to other boss fights
I was also disappointed that Alan now looks less like Mikel Arteta and more like Tommy Fleetwood.
Its not on Steam...
Boss fights are weak and sometimes the item switching on the dpad is clunky and doesn't feel very good especially compared to it's contemporaries in the survival horror genre. That's it.
I was hoping Barry would return.
Tell me you are biggest disappointment with Alan Wake 2.
Texture streaming issues reintroduced after got fixed with latest patch
Texture loading can be slow at points
Room 666
It’s just a jump scare simulator. None of the times I got scared did I ever feel like the game earned it. That really disappoints me. I still had fun but man, I can’t get over how much it felt like they had exactly 1 trick
No jesse and the lack of scary enemies to fight plus the dp lvl design was confusing sometimes
I would have liked to see more of the town. Then again. I'm not sure what there would be to see aside from some residential houses.
I wanted Dark Ocean Summoning’s epic second half to keep playing as the final boss song and was let down immensely.
Having to do the full tutorial again, even with tutorial prompts turned off, its a very VERY slow startup.

I also kind of wish the flashlight functioned like it did in AW1
The gameplay. I’m a huge fan of Alan Wake 1s combat and I’m always mind boggled to read that people hated the combat, I found the combat in AW1 extremely fun and satisfying. Alan Wake 2 unfortunately for me took a huge step back with the combat where I was kinda bored playing the game halfway through and stayed for the great story. In the end though I do love this game but Alan Wake 1 continues being my favorite remedy game and one of my favorite games of all time.
It's hard to criticize too much before the DLC but I do wish they had not left Saga's story end a cliffhanger. Like it's fine for me to say "we intend more to come with Alan/Alice/Casey/Tom" but letting Saga have an ending especially in case we never get AW3 would have been more satisfying. You could make an argument within the story structure that Saga's arc is entirely contained in this game. 

\#stillannoyedabouthalflife2cliffhanger
I thought the final draft was a bit disappointing.  
Since its supposed to be your second run through the spiral I thought things would change up a bit and characters would have some déjà vu type of stuff going on .

it's just the same game with a longer end scene :(
I was still glad to have another reason to play it again though.
The ending. It's just a cliffhanger and they probably put the true ending in the DLCs.
I loved Alan Wake 1 as well. I have an old pc, maybe built it 8 or 9 years ago, couldn't even load into AW2.
So upgraded to new motherboard, cpu and ram. Could load into the game but got low fps and messages each time I loaded into it saying my gpu is missing mesh shader tech and to expect crashes... Big sad

Finally playing though, biggest change for me from AW1 and AW2?
All the jumpscares! I could handle the creepy atmosphere of AW1 but AW2 really leaned into the "jumpscare horror" imo, had to play a couple of matches of Fifa to fall  asleep in a calm state lol
Barry Wheeler not being there apart from mentions of him.
No barry
For me it was enemy type variety. Two more types would have gone a long way in making combat feel not as repetitive. By the end of the game, I didn't want to fight anything at all and just rushed through the fights if I could.
not being able to play Alan Wake III immediately after
No Barry.
For the record, I can't believe I put "you're" in the title and not "your". It's was a long day. :(, it happens.
The space in the shoebox isn't infinite and you can lose the mayor charm because of it.
That it wasn't longer. I didn't want it to end. It's at the top of the short list for "best game ever," in my opinion.
Probably Saga's dialogue. Loved her sections, but from the exposition of the Mind Place, to the phone calls with Logan, and especially a certain sequence in the mind palace near the end, much of what she had to say felt spoon-fed and awkward. The actress did well with what she had, but there were moments in the replay that felt a little eye rolling. 

I'm with you though, AW1 best game of all time for me hands down, and I love AW2. I'm on my third play through, so take my disappoinments lightly because I think this game is still a masterpiece. 

You know what else would have been sick? Cosmetics from earlier games! Like, I want to be able to play Alan in his OG blazer and hoodie and also his American Nightmare flannel (I know he does wear this eventually, but I want it in the dark place!).

Oh and one more disappointment-I didn't like the way the game wouldn't let you walk around while talking. I was so excited at first when the walkie talkie mechanic was introduced. Such a genius idea! But then once your out of the forest you're forced to stand next to who you are talking to and not leave.
Cynthia becoming a minor character. The only problem I have lol
I read crazy frog and was very confused for a moment.
Flashbangs are worse flares. In aw1 they were grenades. Now they don't really serve a purpose.
The stupid "for later clues" bug.
Not the biggest, but I’m disappointed in unbalanced manuscript pieces/words of power so that you end up with unused extras in Final Draft. 

Also disappointed with the poor extras in Final Draft - it would have been SO easy to just add a lot of extra lore stuff, even if un voice acted manuscript pages, extra stuff to read, maybe small bits of dialogues arohnd town, more videos. Control feels so rich in content compared to AW2, I feel like I’ve been spoiled by it.

That brings me to the lack of “secret”/bonus stuff like the cat ears and similar side quests in Control. I think Bright Falls could have easily offered a few extra things to do and discover.

I loved the game, currently finishing my 3rd playthrough (Final Draft), would have just wanted more stuff.
No night springs. Would've loved to have seen some episodes along with the radio tidbits.
Eh a few things but the terrible NPCs is probably the worst for me. I’d rather there be no npcs to be true they ruin immersion
I’d say the combat system, the biggest complaint about the first game was the combat system was lacking and repetitive and they found a way to make it even less enjoyable in the second game.

The game itself is a 10/10 for me, but I now understand that combat wasn’t meant to be a focus in this game.
I think the combat is pretty bad, especially when compared to other recent survival horror games with the same style. Would’ve much preferred the faster Alan Wake 1 style with more open areas and enemies.
My disappointments are pretty minor, but in no particular order:

* The different voice actor for Pat Maine. I think the new actor did a great job, I just really miss the OG voice.

* The explorable size of Bright Falls. I was replaying AW1 after my first play through of AW2, and I realized how much more of the town we got to see in our mission with Sheriff Breaker to get to the helicopter.

* Saga not wearing gloves during her autopsy of Nightingale.
That it’s not longer with more story atm. No real Jesse. No photo mode.
Way less Alan (getting roughly only 5 hours of gameplay as him) and the new Scratch take, with Scratch now being one formation (the Dark Presence taking over Alan), instead of two separate beings. Idk why, I just really loved the idea of Alan and Scratch being separate, two different beings, human and doppelganger entity. 

I had so hoped Alan would actually go up against Scratch in some sort of fight/boss battle. It was totally built up to Scratch being this much more sinister, horrifying, feral version, that I assumed was after Wake, and they'd go up against each other but, that never happened. And it was changed from two separate beings to just one formation now, and Saga ended up being the one to fight Scratch/Alan. And he just felt weak, not all that intimidating, just hit Saga with a metal pipe and yelled at her, "Fucking cow!" Or "Anderson!!" "This is my story!" "You're in your final scene." And so on. 

Like, I'm sorry but I really hate this new Scratch😅. Not intimidating, not two separate beings anymore, boss battle lacked and it wasn't with Alan. Also, I really wished we could have explored Bright Falls as Alan, was disappointed we didn't. And, we didn't get any boss battles with Alan lol. 

So yeah, probably by biggest gripes honestly: less Alan, a lacking new version of Scratch, plus no Bright Falls exploration as Alan and no boss bottles with Alan's campaign.
Loved the game but here are my biggest disappointments
1. Lack of replay-ability (chapter select and not being able to auto skip placing stuff in sagas mind place after the first playthrough) 
 
2. The jogging in place. I get that  being able to run fully away from a threat would take away from the tension in most fights but considering everything is so far apart it’s a pain in the butt lol. There were manuscripts I left behind in some runs cause I was not going to jog all the way to the other side of the map to get it. 

3. Heavy reliance on jump scares instead of going for actual scary moments. I was more worried about not blowing out an eardrum than if I felt scared. 

4: And this one might get me in trouble but I did not like sagas VA. Her line delivery took me out a couple times. Compared to everyone else including Sam she stood out a lot considering she has a huge part of the game dedicated to her.. (just in case this has nothing to do with skin color. I didn’t mind and saw how it fit the story). I get she’s an FBI agent and she’s a bit hardened but even Casey showed crazy emotion. 

Which brings me to number 5. Too much saga. I get what they were setting up and what the story needed. I think the narrative was amazing and the decision to make NG+ another run that changes the entire story was genius! But with the issues I had with sagas VA it killed that hype for me. You never felt like she or her daughter was really in danger and the third run I made I blazed past her part just to play Alan’s.

Not even going to put the NG+ not being able to chose your save file thing lol. 

I put 100 hours so I enjoyed the game and think it was near perfect. The narrative and concept was remarkable. Just small things that irked me.
Melanie’s performance
There were no licensed Fords and Lincoln cars. Ehm 😅

Just a nod to small detail I noticed very early in the original game.
I get they were going for a trilogy but I hate how the end of 2 just seems to have made everything worse with so many more people in the dark place and having to do new game place for an actually ending with logan was kind of lame which sucks because I loved the game up until that point
Lack of enemy types. I think if there was one more for both Alan and Saga, it would have been somewhat better.
-No Barry 
-Alan’s Parts were more boring and confusing than sagas/ Limited ammo and guns for Alan
-No Map Waypoints 
-Freezing and crashing for series s made me become a serial saver/ I couldn’t fully immerse due to worrying about saving 
-I missed the dodge mechanic from AW1
It crashes on the Xbox series S and sometimes the game can go on for a while without a save point, sending you back a good while
Love the game. Biggest disappointments were:
* I really wanted to see Tom the Poet and some interactions between him and Alan similar to the AW1 DLC. The new Zane the Filmmaker is interesting in his own right, but there are still so many mysteries about Tom the Poet and his experiences in the Dark Place.
* No bird enemies. Love the wolves though. 
* No areas of the Dark Place that were as trippy as the AW1 DLC. Really loved the NYC setting though. People seem to gripe about the subway area, but I thought it was fantastic. 
* No big Jesse cameo. Really wanted to see a bit more of her than a small TV blink-and-you-miss-it moment
* No Barry Wheeler
* No flying object obstacles like in AW1
* Not enough Scratch. Was looking forward to his AN version's antics. I still really like what they did with this version of Scratch though. 
* I wish combat was more varied
* I miss some of the original voice actors, though I understand why not everyone can return from AW1, and I think all of the new performances were solid
* I wish some more of the AW1 stage music carried over. Not all the time, but occasionally hearing the old themes would be fun. I love hearing the old AW1 combat music when Alan is fighting Taken near Cauldron Lake toward the end of AW2; including a few more old musical pieces like that occasionally, such as Alice's AW1 theme, would have been cool

All small gripes really. I loved AW2.
Jump scares were ridiculous and the caseboard was a nuisance
i think my biggest disappointment was that i felt a bit baited by expecting mr scratch to be like he was in american nightmare, so like an actual doppelgänger and not just alan possessed by the dark presence. i’m fine with it now though but i really want the american psycho scratch to be in this game.
The ending. As you are, I also really liked Alan Wake 1 (wouldn't call it my favorite, but still a big fan). Yea, it had some issues, but overall I loved the atmosphere, story, characters, music. That was 13 years ago, on Xbox 360. So obviously I've been waiting for the sequel for a looong time since then.

And to my disappointment, the ending to Alan Wake 2 wasn't satisfying to me (I've watched the final draft separately as well). It raises a lot of questions, it was abstract. The Saga's part seemed to be drawn out for too long. And okay, even if some will argue that it makes sense I still was disappointed to know that after 13 years... I'll have to wait even more to know how the story ends (I don't expect DLCs to cover it much). And that won't happen soon... As we know, they have Max Payne remakes and Control 2 on the line first (maybe that Control co-op game as well). So Alan Wake 3 in 2030? Damn...
The combat was extremely tedious and not fun to play, I'm surprised they didn't improve anything from 13 years ago.

The exploration in scavenging was painful, sometimes you were missing the tiny white flicker, and there is no waypoint system that eventually shows up like in other modern games.

The ending was very disappointing, I'm glad they released a better ending. Leaving tons of questions unanswered is unsatisfying and lazy, not mysterious and cool.

Some sections, like the nursing home and the theater and the subway and coffee world and the hotel, just went on way too long. Too many fetch quests, too much busy work, too much backtracking, extremely on rails, and just generally kind of boring most of the time. 

I thought the references to control, specifically Ahti, were too heavy-handed and overdone. The FBC implementation was perfect, but seeing Ahti on every stage and in every scene constantly just felt like they didn't know how to hold back. Someone liked their character in a previous game and they went way too hard putting him in this game. 

The non-Euclidean Alan sections were pretty cool at the beginning, and then they got extremely boring. You're trying to get up to a roof and you take a door facing the wrong direction on street level. If you've got the momentum and flow and can tell where the game is guiding you, it's great, but if you take a pause or a break or forget what you were doing, you can very very easily get lost for a long time and have no idea which tiny thing the game wants you to click on.

Overall I can't say I'm very disappointed with Alan Wake 2 though because Alan Wake 1 was not much better. I'm disappointed because I thought control was a step in the right direction, the combat and exploration were actually fun in that game. Alan Wake 2 just feels like George Lucas making Star wars episode 1 - nobody knows how to tell Sam like to just fucking stop.
Continuously having to run up and down the map to get to places(getting to all nursery rhymes, etc.). Especially cauldron lake. Getting to witchfinder station and back to the car is such a choir. Travelling from map to map at save points would make all the difference imo.
A satisfying conclusion to the story. We're never going to get to an end, or to any real explanations.
It was a little bit short
Come on, we all know it's the lack of Barry 😭
I think a lot of people are missing the fact that the first game was more like a thriller, turning into a horror story, this game was meant to be a full on horror story, the first game to me didn't have nearly the same level of fear and anxiety this game did, I think I died all of one time playing Alan Wake 1, and I played it drunk 😂😂 I understand the people who miss the crazy fog and wind but there is a reason there is a different atmosphere and it's very much intended to be different from the first game
I do agree that the general enemy mechanics did not have elements of the flair of AW1. I am referring to that weird blurry 'environment' that develops in AW1 when entering a enemy fight. 

I also would say I am baffled by the flashlight mechanism in AW2 - it feels like they greatly handicapped the way this worked. Ie.e being able to control the battery drain
Tbis game has so much good things going for it I found the lack of gunplay and the shooting segememts that do popup to be very underwhelming probabl The shooting mechanics in Control and even Max Payne are still some of the best and really engaging, I got none out that out of Alan Wake 2,
I would have loved more time with alan and maybe a but more substance to his areas.
No Alan Wake one suit for Alan
A part in the game with an insane amount of jump scares. I’m pretty sure it was about 35 of them within 30 minutes.

It annoyed me so much, that Alan Wake 2 went from a 9 to a 7.5 for me personally.
The only thing I didn’t love was the platinum trophy was way too easy ,and that I have to wait so long for DLC I’ve already paid for ages ago
It won 2 game of the year awards this game btw
The ending was meh for me personally
Nothing major, just a few nitpicks

Sometimes the game is not responsive

Limited trophy list, no trophy for nightmare difficulty 😞. Seriously

Picking items from the box, like you have to look at the item from an angle to see the prompt instead of just picking them up 

Every time you open a map, you have to press a button to center on the character

1080p is just way too low for the 60fps mode, but the silver lining  is that It help me get used to good old 30fps again 😂
The field of view makes me nauseous. I want to see like a real person, not like they are being followed by a 300mm telephoto lens. It's zoomed in too much and that makes everything have that extra spinning effect when turning. When the characters are in flight/ retreat mode, they jog at a 16 minute mile pace, which is lower than power walking.
It was not Alan Wake story but of two protagonists which was disappointing.
Having to keep a save at the beginning of We Sing and not being able to just play it whenever really blows.
    Particularly since we only get 3 save slots. 

I should be clear. I deeply loved AW2. It went above and beyond. Lack of chapter replay and lack of save slots isn't a big deal. It is a disappointment though.
    They added a arcade game in the Control DLC that let you replay that games equivalent of We Sing, I expect them to do something similar here.
        Oh, I don't think I ever found it. Where?
            I believe it's in the start of the AWE dlc area. There's a sidequest to investigate the arcade machine (called Shum) which unlocks a machine  which can replay the ashtray maze (shum 2)
                Ah, I did find Shum, I guess since just never looked at the 2nd one. Awesome thanks!
100% this. Have to do another run through just for one last collectible in chapter 5
    Which collectible was it?
        The writer’s journey video in room 665 :/
I didn’t know this was a disappointment until you just said it, now I want to burn their studio down… I kid.
 Yeah, that was a cool feature to have in the original.
I feel like I stuck with the same 3-4 charms I got early in the game and most of the later ones were a bit too niche and specific to sacrifice one of my current ones for.
    I only used max health and health regen charms, tbh didn't even pay attention to them on hard.
Yeah, I used the extra flashlight charge and extra health ones all the way through (keeping a coffee cup in the third) until the end, when I switched to Setter's tag and the increased loot one while I did all the collectibles. Nothing else seemed worth it. I did also use the increased damage to unaware Taken one to get the crossbow trophy. Not sure whether I needed it but why not.
I feel like the save you from death ones are for future gameplays in New Game Plus
    Nah, you get special NG+ coffee cups if you do all the rhymes a second time, they heal you on top of bringing you back
The charms are remarkably uninspired. Truly I can't think of similar unlockable items in games that provide more meaningless benefits. I am never going to use 90% of them, ever, especially the "save from death" charms which just take up shoebox space. No one thought these charms through at Remedy for more than 5 seconds.
You going to deerfest Mandy may? 👴🏻
    Put on some pants, Norman! Nobody wants to see your meat basket.

Edit: spelling again
I wanted something spooky with Wendy Davis. Beyond the radio shows
    Like her outstanding beef jerky now in 3 incredibly delicious flavors 😏
        altough we all know that teriyaki is a shit flavor
What concept art was that? I'm curious now.
Gotta save it for AW3
I looked everywhere for this concept art you mentioned and I randomly found it [here](https://kotaku.com/alan-wake-2-remedy-entertainment-control-sam-lake-demo-1848918165) 

I had a feeling there was gonna be more characters at valhala turned into taken, with the water supply being the culprit and all. I’m actually really releaved the gnarliest transformations took place off screen. But yeah it seems like I was waiting for mandy may to turn into a taken because of her bleeding hands from knitting— but then that didnt go anywhere

I still like they kept it in though, the sort of “inhuman amount” Mandy May was knitting really tied into how the manuscript pages affect real life. Like if you never said someone stopped knitting — they would just CONTINUE TO KNIT— at all times— forever maybe lol
Theres “new season coming soon” posters everywhere throughout the game, and several references in Controls AWE expansion that Alan is the head writer of the show. So my guess has been it’ll be a part of one of the expansions in some shape or form. 

As for Barry, it is a shame he didn’t feature outside of the odd reference. I would have expected Scratch to have tormented him in a similar manner that he did Alice.
    I'm pretty sure the first DLC is supposed to be based around Night Springs episodes.
        Yeah one is the FBC Lake House, other is Night Springs
        Yeah…really looking forward to this!
    I got to read all his emails to Alice. It was a nice touch
    Barry was close with old gods of Asgard so I guess he was protected
    The first DLC is called night springs and I bet Barry turns up in that , remedy know we love Barry wheeler
I dont know if you've seen the show, but anyone who has knows Alan Wake's atmosphere is largely Twin Peaks inspired. 

It seems to me that Alan Wake II is instead inspired by Twin Peaks: The Return, which is much darker and much less grounded in reality. 

Which doesn't mean anyone has to like it or anything, I just wanted to mention it because for what it's worth, the change in atmosphere seems deliberate. Also because if anyone is an Alan Wake fan and hasn't seen Twin Peaks, they absolutely need to.
    Now you mentioned it, yeah first AW feels more "grounded" than second installment. And yeah I liked original Twin Peaks more than TP:Return
        Definitely borrowed from True Detective Season 1, they nailed the cult vibe
    I have a funny case of loving Alan Wake immensely, but not being able to get into Twin Peaks at allll.
Tried several episodes and it just never clicked. If anything, Alan Wake isn't as weird, which is saying something lol.
    Yeah.  I didn't love the Twin Peaks return but the vibe was so much more fucked up, and it works well for this game.  13 years stuck in hell will do that to a person, and a town.
    Wow, didn't know there was a The Return... But that is hilarious, and cannot be a coincidence with the plot of this game being writing Return.
    Inspired? It's like they added a controller to season 3. And I fucking love it so much.
        Twin Peaks is my favorite show, and the return is my favorite season, so I completely agree with you, lol
    It literally copies the time jump concept from TP: The Return. 
Second season of TP talks about an event happening in 25 years, and The Return is released on TV 25 real world years later.
Would have LOVED to see Barry. He was my favorite character in the first game. 


That said, I get that his personality was a better fit with the first game, not so much with AW2's survival horror themes. Besides, maybe Remedy wanted to make room for new characters and not shoehorn Barry into the story as just a bit of fan service.
    I was always wondering about "survival horror" theme when your character armed to the teeth with 3-4 different weapons in inventory, having that make you not afraid almost any enemy encounter
        It's debatable, yes, but I did find it a somewhat appropriate of a description. With my skills and playstyle, I was running low or out of ammo on several occasions. It did feel tense and creepy to hear Taken raving or shadow people whispering as I was trying to avoid them, looking for fresh supplies.


It feels very much on the kinder end of the "survival horror" spetrum, though.
        You ever play Silent Hill 3? Game is super scary, but you are also kitted out to take on a small army.
            Unfortunately I did not played 3rd one, played SH 1, 2, the room.

But I still "feel" static radio noise from SH1 while you have 5-6 bullets in your inventory and you know you screwed...

My point is the more powerful you get the less horror it become. Same was recently with Dead Space remake at a last stages of a game it was more like a doom with that upgraded arsenal(still cool though)
                List of some of the weapons in SH3: pipe, shotgun, submachine gun, katana, gigantic mace, lightsaber and flamethrower in NG+

For me, with all of it, when the enemies cease to be scary, it is the story and atmosphere that do it. For AW2 specifically, will we accomplish anything? Sure, we can protect ourselves, but will we truly escape the hell dimension we are in? What if the Dark Presence just bum rushes us, can’t fight that. 

The atmosphere and story do lifting when the gameplay begins to be less scary.
                I disagree with it. Being powerful doesn't mean something is not scary

You can be armed to the teeth, but it's not about "I will kill it" it's about "What it is, what it wants from one and why it attacks me"

There are some examples of it. Resident evil 1,2 and 3 were scary, and you had lots of weapons. Resident evil 7 and 8 were scary and you had lots of weapons

Like I would say outlast isn't scary after some time, and that's not because I'm armed to the teeth since I don't have any weapons. It's just that I learned who my enemy is, what it wants from me and why it's attacking me.

The unknown is what is scary. As soon as you learn this unknown it's not scary anymore. That's why being scared of darkness and deep waters is common. Both of those things are unknown
                Really good survival horror games balance this out by making the enemies prgressivly harder the further you go in so you need those tools. So far from what I have played of Alan wake 2, it  hasn’t diversified the enemy roster that much so sagas extra weapons feel a bit superfluous. Still fun to use but I feel way to powerful for what I am dealing with right now.
        The inclusion of weapons and resource management is what makes it survival horror and not just regular horror or psychological horror. Survival horror is just one sub genre under the horror umbrella.
I believe they were deer, but still… yes!
    I've just got poor Mocha the Moose on the brain, I guess. RIP Mocha.
I KNOW RIGHT? I started my playtrough being careful not to miss any and mater found out there is no point in petting them
    Near the end, if you’ve found and pet all
of them a live deer appears and if you follow it, you get access to a previously locked room in the hotel, that’s fully stocked with items.
        Oooh that is interesting, will look up it to see if i'm missing one
Go back to your Case Board in the real-world Elderwood lodge. You should hear a red stag roar, and then when you go back towards the lobby follow the deer. You'll find the very last room on the right open now with a ton of supplies.
The looming atmosphere compensated for the lack of map size though, the Hotel and the Cinema had a plenty of space to live through the terror. I’m personally never ever coming back to that freaking subway
    Hustling through it again on final draft was tough to endure
    The subway was boring. I liked the hotel though. Cinema was too small and I actually forgot about it (though I did watch the 10 minute movie lol)
    The subway had nothing on the hotel imo
I think both sections are equally good since all the locations are great.

The way I see it, Alan and Saga have 3 large chapters while the rest are more shorter and story focused. Alan gets the 3 murder sites that acts as a ritual to open the way to Parliament Tower. I found each murder site's atmosphere to be incredibly ominous, especially the subway tunnels. His story is also way more mind bending and meta as hell. The Shadow enemies are more ominous since you don't know which ones are real.

Saga gets the 3 chapters where she needs to enact a ritual to open the way to the Overlaps and fight Nightingale, the two deputies and Cynthia. The Taken are better since they are more varied which makes Saga's sections way more tense. Saga also does get the honor of having The Valhalla Nursing home, one of the scariest fucking locations in a horror game. Every inch of that hellhole oozes with dread with all the sounds.
    Is it a gameplay mechanic that you aren't supposed to be able to tell which shadows are real? Felt like I wasted so many batteries torching the fake ones. 

I know I could just wait for them to attack, but I was way too scared for that lol
        You can just shine the torch at them without boosting and it will get rid of the fake ones, it just takes a bit longer. I was really far into my first play through before I realised this.
        That was definitely intentional so I guess that would make it a mechanic. I wait and still sometimes mess it up lol so tense everywhere in Alan's sections. Really nailed that survival horror feeling of: oh shit, oh shit, should I fight this or just keep running and save the ammo for later?
        Commented a similar thing above but I could usually tell towards the end of Alan’s chapters. The fake ones don’t usually move and since Alan’s enemies don’t respawn if you’ve just done something to progress the story and come after a bunch of shadows soon after they’re probably real.  I started off horrified of them checking every one, but the anticipation of checking them all with a light ended up scaring me more than just running into them to see if they hit me.
I think a more detailed scaled down map is preferable to a bigger uninteresting one. Running around street after street of a Dark Place Manhattan probably wouldn't add much that isn't already there in the area
Those Shadows just make me anxious all the time lol
    Especially when they're calling out your name
I preferred Alan's levels. The shadow people kept the atmosphere always tense, especially on hard. 

The writers room and the light mechanics were excellently implemented. A great way to tie gameplay and story and also very enjoyable to see a level switch instantly right in front of you.

The environments were more varried and his big set pieces like we sing were spectacular. 

I also thought his more frequent usage of the live action constantly blending in with his world was a visual treat. Really felt like they took everything they learned from control and dialed up the frequency to great effect. 

Missing openness and side content wasn't really a problem. The levels felt closed in, which really amplified the atmosphere that the dark place should have. 

Saga's levels were still great. But Alan's were spectacular imo.
There should've been at least one more level (or the current one much longer), where Alan fights through tons of Taken to get to Bright Falls.
I actually liked Alan's levels more than Saga's. Saga's were always huge and speawling and on NG+ felt like a slog because I knew where I was going but it just takes forever to do it. Alan's are more bite-sized and try to onvolve something new or interesting in each chapter that's different or building on the last.
Alan's levels were just way better to me than Saga's, even if it was revisiting a changing version of the same city square.
TBH, I didn’t quite get the shadow people. The game teaches you that some are harmless and some turn into taken and attack you, so for most part of Alan levels, I just ran past the shadows irregardless of if they did anything or not.
The hotel and subway levels were more of a chore for me than the rest of it. Longer than needed to be.
I played on normal and I found Alan's levels so frustrating due to being knifed by shadows.

In the end I just sped through his portion of the game, I didn't explore the New York map to look for any extras because I got sick of being killed all the time. 

The few times I did try to find some words of power I would always find myself surrounded by a group of angry stabby shadows, which just discouraged me from finding any more.

The level design worked in the sense that it made the Alan portion of the game feel tense and scary, but it also discouraged me from finding any secrets.
I agree. Alan's levels were the real downside of this game. I loved playing as Saga but holy heck I dreaded Alan's gameplay. I do not find enemies able to warp to you instantly and shooting homing explosives fun.

With Saga the game felt more like classic Alan Wake and I loved it.
    Same, I don't know about classic Alan Wake (as I only played it right before II so my investment was low), but I could play an entire game based around Saga. Wake is obviously a critical character and the lore would be dead without him, but Saga and her environments are so much more fun, interesting, and creepy to play.
        Wow you found her levels more interesting? Now gonna bash her or her levels since I liked her as a character (though it took a bit of time for me to be invested in her) and her levels but the atmosphere of the dark place and it’s weird mechanics always interested me more than her more normal levels. (Atleast more normal than the dark place)

If you would, could you elaborate on why you liked her levels more? Not trying to put you on the spot or anything, just genuinely curious.
            I think I find the more analytical angle, the dead people stuff, and her mystery past more interesting. There's more puzzle-type work, better weapons, deeper lore (at this point at least, she's obviously new while we've been building on Alan for a while), the FBC angles are super interesting to me. I'm a huge fan of Control and there are obviously references in the Dark Place, but they seem more "interactive" in Saga's world. Also, I guess I'm just a bigger fan/find it creepier to be stumbling around in the woods than in the city. More of a realistic horror to me, in that sense. I'm really into Control and true crime, so it's no surprise to me that I like Saga's gameplay better. Alan's gameplay just seems a bit more survival than analytical.
                Ah bigger fans of the woods? Makes sense. I really liked the noir aspect of Alan’s levels more and the typewriter mechanic but I do agree that her mystery solving parts were really cool. Made it feel like you were slowly getting closer and closer to figuring out what was happening. I did find her mind space a bit goofy at first and how she could deduce what happened from almost nothing but I loved the reveal that <!her mind palace and profiling abilities come from her being a seer!>
The characters should have been switched. Saga should have been in New York with Alan on Bright Falls. The forest is such a better setting than the city.
I hated the shadow people until I had two realizations about them. The first was that you don’t have to deal with respawning enemies in Alan’s levels. The second is that at least on normal you can just body check all the shadows without fear of dying instead of shining the flashlight on every single one to avoid getting jumpscared and one shot. By the end I preferred them, I thought they provided the same atmospheric and gameplay benefits the Taken do while being much less annoying.
It’s almost like they designed it give you a sense of being trapped in a world where the ocean washes everything but the darkest moments away
Indeed Alan gameplay is weaker, Sagas part is amazing horror game areas are vast and very interesting. I wish they would stop with this overcomplicated overblown twinpeaksish narrative and made just straight simple story but with cool plot twist, in the end game would be way more interesting and less confusing.
    I disagree completely. This is what I come to remedy for. You can get simple stuff everywhere. This is as close to a playable “return” as I’m ever going to get and I love it.
        Dude really wants it to be a run of the mill Sony first party game.
    The weird part is Twin Peaks has a lot of moments of genuine tenderness, humour and kindness. Alan Wake is all the weirdness and not much horror in general (unless the screeching screens are considered horror).
I love how he looked after Alice in the years since Alan’s disappearance 😢
    It was so touching, but I am worried for him because he is getting "treatment" from the Blessed Organisation
        Maybe he is gonna be in Control 2?
        Either control or Quantum break that cult is mentioned as a dangerous cult so yea Barry may be in trouble
With the Flaming Eye of Mordor he was too OP,  the game would've been over in 5 hours if Barry was around.
I haven’t finished playing the first Alan Wake, but how is it “his area”? he’s a tourist there and I’ve spent most of the game in the forests of Calderon Lake.
    Yes, but from the players perspective it was a wasted opportunity to be a lengthy callback to the original.

When you do play as him, it plays the classic combat music and the original warning sound effect when taken appear. I was hoping to spend more time as him in Bright Falls, considering it would have been great to see the town as Alan after 13 real life years of waiting for a sequel.
        I get you, I started with Alan Wake 2 then am now going back to play the first one. Personally I don’t feel like I’ve missed anything with him not spending more time in bright falls, so far he’s barely spend any time there. It would have been cool to see him fight through the Lodge again
            Obviously you never played the first one before playing the sequel so you have no attachment for it lmao. He does mostly spend time in Bright Falls in the first game so it is a tad disappointing you can’t explore a current gen version of Bright Falls as Alan Wake
Because of this I just paused the game, exited out and left the game running and put my PS5 into rest mode. Lol. Been doing that with Control too cuz I'm not sure where the checkpoints are.
    In control there are little to no checkpoints that aren't control points. Once you've gotten and interacted with a control point, that's where you'll pick up at.
Doesn't the game auto-save at the end of every chapter? I've quit on the song screen and gone right back in the next day and it started the next chapter at the beginning.
This bothered me so much in the first game. Why are you making me watch a "previously on" recap when I just finished a chapter? Let me watch this when I start playing later!
    it would be perfect for this!!
It's really inexcusable for most people. We're not stuck in the old school days of cartridges not having the space for save games. It's awful on PC. If I were a critic I'd take a star off for how horrible it is in every new area you visit.
    You're fucking ridiculous.  
You can close the game at the end screens and it picks up where you were.  
It autosaves. That's not to mention that you're in a safe room in like half of the chapter ends.
This. I didnt play american nightmare but the clips ive seen make him look so charismatic compared to AW2
Bro those chase sequences had me questioning if I was going the right way so many times especially after you visit room 666
    I had to watch a walkthrough for that. Spent 20 minutes not understanding what I had to do. I know people crap on the "yellow lines" type hand holding in AAA games but at least it doesn't irritate you like this.
    I can't tell you how many times I did that God damn chase in the hotel. I'm already shit at remembering where I am in games and I just could not figure that out. It doesn't help I played stoned so I was really fucking up lol
        Dude same I was absolutely baked during those scenes lmaoooo
    >room 666

Room 665. Neighbor of the beast.
        No 666, was scratches room in the ocean view hotel. That’s when Alan gets chased
            Ahhhh right. 

There's another section in the TV studio with a room 666 'number of the beast' and then you come back later and it says room 665 'neighbor of the beast'. 

I think they've had that easter egg going in their games for a long time. Like Max Payne 1 or 2.
        Sorry I’m high as hell maybe I misinterpreted your response
Honestly would have loved it if Scratch would've exploded into various shadow forms of Alan in the second fight, some even being scrapped/alternative versions as they take on roles of regular/tanks/ranged.

You scramble to wipe them all out fast enough to leave scratch stunned for Tor to deal a lightning strike stun lock 🤔

IMO This would have made the second (and final) encounter a true team effort to face down scratch & the dark presence he harbours. It just felt like he was hyped to end up being recycled a second time around 🙇
    If you stockpiled a bunch of flash bangs or even flares, scratch was super easy even on nightmare.
I’m ashamed to admit I spent a couple hours in the subway tunnel getting killed by the shadow before I realized I was supposed to go through the tunnel instead of run from it.
Cynthia imo was the hardest, then the mulligan cops.
    Cynthia I didn't mind because it was, essentially, a puzzle boss. Avoid her to turn on the lights and then she's an easy down. 

Mulligan and Thornton is like they made a boss fight, realized it was too easy, so added those stupid fucking light balls to destroy to pad it. 

Really don't like that fight. My gf is playing through on story mode and they were the only time she had any trouble.
        Cynthia for me was difficult because of her waves and orbs of darkness she shot. so you have to be fast and close to her to avoid those things. The cops were great because ones low the others high so it forces you to use offensive and defensive firing. If you stockpile flash bangs and flares it made all the boss fights significantly easier
            i played thru on Normal and cynthia never landed a hit on me in either phase. in phase 1, Saga immediately tells you what to do to avoid her, and in phase 2, i used the pistol headshot upgrade to stunlock her. honestly i was expecting a stage three with how easy it was.
                I originally played on hard then nightmare for final draft.
                100% this. The stun lock upgrade is so broken and makes every boss a joke, especially when moving into The Final Draft.
                4 shots in the head with hunting rifle and she was a quick defeat. Probably found her easiest of all to be honest
                Same here. I had a moment where I was doubting that was even the actual boss fight or if I’d gotten Cynthia confused with someone else because it was over so fast for me.
        ...you needed to turn on lights with Cynthia?

Wow. I feel like a total idiot. I just beat Final Draft not too long ago and I just went the tried and true 'hit her with everything I got' method both times.

I feel stupid.
            Oh now I feel stupid too, pretty sure I went full chaos mode with two propane tanks and a shotgun on her
        Hated them. Thankfully I read a tweet that mentioned it so I knew how to beat the fight.
    Nightingale was a real challenge for me, because I missed the sawed off shot gun at first and didn’t have it when I was fighting him
        I beat him first time with the pistol. Died once, then went for the supplies along the way before actually confronting him.
    That hoard battle when old gods play on van roof was the hardest for me
        Best trick for that is constantly circle on the outside and stockpile all your flares, flashbangs and any other heavy light weapons. Then use only the shotgun (not sawed off) and the rifle.
i liked them in control and AW1
    In Control you can demolish bosses because of how strong you are and how quickly Jesse moves. Alan Wake 2 has you lumbering around like a tank while all the enemies are zooming about like they're from Control lol.
        The axe throwers have since replaced the birds from ninja gaiden as my least favorite enemy in any game ever
            I hate it when they split it two sometimes.
                RAH I HAD CONVENIENTLY SUPPRESSED THAT FROM MY MEMORY
            You don't understand how much I FEEL this. Trying to use cover only to find out axes just clip through EVERYTHING, is up there with respawning birds you can't kill, jump over, or under. Which reminds me, this game does have ninja gaiden enemy respawns. Really hurts exploration at times.
                My brother
    AW 1 final boss is literally a tornado
Dark Ocean Summoning was an abortive slog to beat because saga is the slowest mf in the history of the bureau and it didn’t help that remedy was smearing the entire screen with Vaseline so I could hardly see the taken I was trying to kill half the time
I actually enjoyed Nightingale boss fight. The way he just came at me like a tank and seemingly took all my bullets made me jump out of my seat. And then he disappeared and I thought I was safe.. and he just came back going straight at me. I loved that fight tbh. I also liked the first fight against Mr. Scratch, but the second one was just the same as the first (concept wise) stun him and run to item and hold X/A. I felt they should have done more for this fight.
I was trying to get as much collectibles during first run... it was a big mistake... as you sad it absolutely kills the pace and take huge amount of time with mostly unrewarding stuff especially on Saga's part due to large open areas.
    Yeah this was my mistake too I think. I started noticing every little flaw with the game and it really detracted from the experience. I think if I just took the critical path I would've enjoyed it a lot more.
        I tried to do everything on my first playthrough too. About 30 hours total over several weeks. Still missed lunchboxes and stashes. Loved the game but Final Draft released 3 days later and I was too burnt out on it to jump back in immediately.
            I play the same way and still haven’t tried Final Draft
    Yeah, felt the same way. After a while the forest is not atmospheric anymore and the enemy encounters turn from scary to annoying when you're methodically scanning the areas for collectibles.

I guess it's my own fault for trying to get everything in the first place, but I also think the game did a big disservice to its atmosphere by including so many open-word collectibles.
Just run into the crossbow stash problem. It's one of a number of things that should be easy to fix in an update but it's still annoying as fuck.
That crossbow stash bug is annoying the fuck out of me. If I had known about it, I wouldn't have collected it the first playthrough.
Agreed. The movement speed and lack of direction and getting lost easily was terrible.
They made like that to make the game longer and more "engaging" because of barely any actual gameplay combat survival horror. Collect-read on spooky ambiance sim.
That interaction really feels like an afterthought. As if they remembered at the last minute that they needed to be there.
I think there might be a reason for this. In AW1 the pages were given by the Diver, the Bright Presence. In AW2, they were pulled out of the Dark Place with Alan.

Although idk how the pages in Control were given by the Diver, since it seems he hasn’t been in the story for a minute now. I think it was a new plot point though, and we know the AW2 concept changed a ton even compared to 2019.

Personally, I liked the glow too, but I think that’s the most logical reason to the change.
Us bro us.
This
I'm surprised by how much more invested I was with Saga and her plot when compared to Alan. I also really liked her actor. Really good work.
    I think Saga much like Alan in the first one was a nobody seemingly sucked into this grounded but very unreliable reality/narrative. You constantly questioned if saga was actually losing it or not. Plus more weapon variety. Alan imo was much more of a survival horror than saga. Saga was survival horror too but it was more open and generous with its ammo too.
I liked the plot board a lot because it showed how an initially simple case ballooned into this insane web of other mysteries.

BUT by the last third I’d have 1 conversation and gain like 5 slides and just got tedious with having to stop and place each and every individual one.
You're not wrong. Personally, I liked the plot board and case board, but I saw soooo much wasted potential.

I think the biggest problem is just that these concepts don't pair well with linear gameplay. If the game had choices, they could have been really interesting (e.g. advancing the case board via different paths, or by a combination of paths.) But when the game itself is a single path, the case board becomes very much a "find key, put in lock" mechanism. The few times that you need multiple clues to advance, they're all in the immediate area.

For the plot board, it could have still been great if the areas were larger and there were more changes. Or even if you had to switch between plots. Instead, a lot of it felt like there was just the correct plot for the area... I'd swap out all the plots hoping for more to explore, only to be disappointed.
Honestly since the combat isn’t TOO impressive, I wish remedy committed to the puzzle/deductive gameplay idea a lot more since it’s a really cool concept but it usually just ends with you spamming photos together instead of intuiting the solution and as I was playing the game I couldn’t help thinking: “this is gonna be a slog to replay later” what a shame
I didn't notice it until I read the 4/10 review from the Jimquisition. But it really opened my eyes to how much time I would spend on those boards waiting for real changes or surprises.
I definitely get the technical frustrations of the Case Board, esp now that I'm replaying the game on console after PC (way more frustrating), but I have to defend the mechanics on a narrative level. Because this game has so many cases and things happening simultaneously, you need some way to not just keep track of everything you know, but that it makes sense as a player you are digesting what is happening and seeing how all the pieces fit. Plus, for me personally, it forces me into that mindset of "this is a narrative-first game, read everything, scour for all the details".


Remedy is good at creating novel game mechanics and I expect that the Case Board is a stepping stone to a better approach in the next game.
The boards break up the game play so much.  They probably wouldn't have been so detrimental if so much of the game depended on you going around and farting about in the board menu.
[deleted]
    I dont hate it. I just wish the major plot points when selected automatically went into the right location in the mind map or whatever its called with the strings. I dont mind leaving the side clues and stuff manually selected, but sometimes I spent to long trying to find the right lead for some of the abstract ones. By the end it just wasn't interesting.
Now that you say this, it makes me think about how useful the automatic reshuffling of your inventory in RE4R was. I mean, iirc that did not exist in RE2R either, for example, but I really wish it was in AW2. And what's even more weird for me is that in AW2, you can't collect anything that takes more than one space in your inventory, even if you have the space, unless you rearrange your slots so you have all the required spaces side by side. It just tells you your inventory is full and doesn't auto-rearrange it when collecting loot. I'm playing on PS5, though I don't think that makes a difference in this aspect.
The only glimpse of his old self is when he steals Jaakko’s jacket. Dude wanted to look good while being villainous.
Well I’m sure that was a story choice because of Cynthia becoming corrupted
This. I kept scrolling this thread waiting for someone to say it. I don’t expect this game to be anything like its Remedy cousins from a combat perspective but after 40 hours or ‘normal’, combat was by far my biggest issue. Enemies ate my bullets and arrows, my dodges were always too early/late and reloading felt unnecessary slow. Yes, I understand its survival horror but there were times I thought my controller had some kind of latency issue. Everything felt sluggish.
I had the opposite experience. Hated combat in Control. Guns felt weak and floaty even fully upgraded. Powers felt slow and thrown projectiles frequently got stuck on tiny bits of terrain. Lack of difficulty modes (aside from accessibility options).

In AW2 the weapons felt satisfying,  especially with upgrades.
My brother in Christ did you do any collectables? 10 hours is crazy fast.
    I did almost all the poems, finished all the case Board bloat, watched every commercial I came across, I even listened to the entirety of Poet And The Muse. How long did it take you? I'm curious
        I need to log onto the PS5 to check but I would think 30ish? 

But then I collected almost everything, I got the platinum on my first clear.
            For one playthrough? And I thought this game was too short! Were you reading every manuscript?
                Every one I found, I might have missed a couple. I also took my time, played in the dark with headphones to get proper into the horror vibes so I could have been quicker with certain parts (I took so long to get through that empty fucking basement). 

I wouldn't be surprised if my ng+ run is 15 or less, but yeah, definitely got my money's worth.
                My first playthrough was 36hrs. Read every manuscript, found every lunchbox, cache, Nursery Rhyme, etc. I even got 99% of Saga’s case board done, but apparently I missed 1-2 pieces of evidence so I had multiple clues leftover marked “For Later” that I couldn’t put up. I Platinumed the game on my first playthrough tho
                    I also had that two remaining "For Later" clues. I sure didn't platinum it though
                        Yeah idk what I missed for those clues and it still irks me that I didn’t complete the board, but closing all the cases isn’t for a trophy luckily. 

For the Platinum I looked through the trophies before the point of no return, realized outside of story chapter related trophies, all I had left to do was shoot a cutout in Coffee World, and use a death charm to save me from dying. I wasn’t trying to Plat it, but I was so close, so I did those real quick and my Platinum trophy clip on PS is Saga on the phone trying to call Logan with it ringing until the black screen for the credits
How did you complete the game in 10 hours?
Ten hours? I find that really hard to believe.
    I'll post it when I get the chance
I counted >!6:1!< for the number of characters that aren't Alan to the one that is Alan including the DLC, where are you getting 7:1 from? Is there a datamining thing I didn't know about?

Also, in fairness, we play as Alan in two or three of the "Saga" chapters and. I mean, he is the "author" of the whole thing, so the whole plot is caused by him, more-or-less.
    Nightingale 

And the Alan parts of those saga chapters are like 3 minutes
Play final draft it makes the whole spiral thing that much better
Personally it doesn't demystify anything because they have no idea how... anything really works and basically just document things the players already know.
Funny I was about to write that I would have loved more direct tie in. 
Like maybe additional hints on the oceanview motel/hotel or whatever the deal with ahti is. 
Maybe they are saving the tie ins for the dlc, that's fair I suppose.
Exactly my thoughts, it feels too much of FBC presence in this game.
    I think little hints like those people working on the electrical transformer and Ahti being there would make sense. But having a full squad of agents with weapons and a containment cell felt weird yeah.
        I belive its done for some sort of dlc or something in Conttol 2 but yeah it feels like too much intrusive.
That circuit board one was definitely really annoying, I remember rolling my eyes when I realised that.
Haha, I won't say it was a long night after work and I may have had a drink or 2.
And a lot of them aren’t even interesting.  Most are this really weird meta stuff that i guess I’m too dumb to understand
    I don’t think it’s you. I thought the whole point was that he was written as a cliché hard boiled noir detective, so once I got that the stuff in the cinema felt like more of the same.

I didn’t mind it, and liked the meta commentary from him toward the end, but didn’t like that I was forced to stay still and not keep exploring while listening.
That's such a wild take to me. The Final Draft having a different ending is one of the few occasions where NG+ actually adds so much to the game's narrative. It's not a loop, it's a spiral. Most new game pluses are just simply loops, the same game again. This one is a spiral, it's the most cohesive integration of NG+ I've ever seen and fits perfectly within the story's central idea.
    10000% agree in this particular instance, NG+ actually enhanced the main story without it being some paywalled DLC
    I think this is one of those cases where the idea sounds good on paper, but in reality it means playing the same 18hrs+ game again, with only some small changes and being allowed to see the uncut version of the ending.

Either you make a normal NG+ mode for people that like those modes, or you do something like Nier: Automata where once you finish your first playthrough, you're actually only 1/3 done, but the second iteration deviates more significantly from the first and after the 2nd playthrough the game continues for the last 3rd.

And in the case of Nier, even there, I'd say it was a gamble. The publisher put a note in the game, warning players that the game was not over, and some of my friends never finished the whole game because they didn't like the parts that were repetitive.

So in my opinion the NG+ in Alan Wake 2 exists awkwardly between a normal NG+ and something like what Nier did, where you get a 10 seconds extended final cutscene, but to get there you have to play, in large parts, the same game again, with only minor alterations along the way.

They either should have not cut the ending of the first playthrough, or have made much more significant changes to the NG+ mode (or even make the restarting of the story part of the first playthrough).
    And that’s the beauty of opinions. I’m glad it worked for you.
    Honestly I think I just expected more variance in NG+ with how they advertised it having new content. Now that's basically my own expectations tripping me up, but I really wish NG+ was a "streamlined" version of the main game- cut out the fat, make it a lean beast that bites harder and progresses quicker in a desperate tumble to the end. Plus I was wholly expecting the characters to start having deja vu and slowly realizing they'd done this before. Perhaps unable to alter the events themselves as they were already written, but aware of what was about to happen. It would have made for an amazing 2nd playthrough!

Only having 2 or 3 (I might've missed one?) Darling TV recordings felt like a lackluster inclusion. There's only 28 minutes altogether of new/changed content.

Now, that said, I understand it is still just a NG+ and I was a bit foolish for hoping there might be a ton of effort to make it more unique vs the main game. It's still a nice departure (heh) from the usual NG+ formula and I do appreciate the tiny changes and additions and the final ending is worth the slog of some of those story beats that were great the 1st time but so slow on replay.
    I mean, I wholeheartedly agree with them; AW2 is probably my favorite game ever, but the way the endings were handled ruined the sensation a lot for me.

I thinkt it would've been a different story if the ending in NG+ was something totally different to setup the DLC or Control 2 or w/e, but now it's blatantly obvious the original ending was just a cut-off from the longer one, which is cheap suspense in a game that otherwise excels at storytelling.

Which is disappointing. The game is amazing, but I can see how people who've waited 13 years for a conclusion are frustrated with yet-another cliffhanger, and how many of them won't even know, or bother, to replay the game and therefore miss out on, what, one more minute that ties everything together? Like I said, I *love* this game, but I ain't replaying the entirety of it for such small amount of new content when I can just Youtube it instead – and that destroys the little purpose it has.
So I'm of the opinion that it just feels jarringly incomplete to not give us the full ending, and the bittersweet conclusion to Alan's story, the first time. And a bit rude tbh.

Meta-story-wise, two loops to end it just also feels either 1) redundant (just give us the real ending the first time to mark the importance of this game showcasin the end of Alan's struggle, and allow people to play NG+ with their items) or 2) too easy (lock it behind several more loops to make it feel like the long-ass process that the game tells us the spiral is).
    >  is one of the few occasions where NG+ actually adds so much to the game's narrative

Except the only relevant changes were the intro and outro, the rest of the spiral was pretty much the same as what we already played.

I understand it from a development point of view, it's too much work to make ng+ change a lot of things, but from a narrative standpoint, we get a new ending pretty much just because. Characters didn't do anything different to get to the real ending.
    Agreed! The way Remedy set up this NG+ and seamlessly making it a part of game lore was mind blowing to me
I have so many things to say for The Final Draft and AW2 but I am in complete agreement with you there. The ending fell flat on its arse in both the base game and NG+.
    You really think so? Tell me more please why?
I played it twice before The Final Draft even was announced. So I played it three times. In my opinion, this is a really brainy game, so for me it needed to played again. Something I really didn't like about The Final Draft are the various bugs. Don't wanna spoiler anything, I guess it's not hard to find them online, I found a lot of people complaining when I was trying to find a solution
It did laugh for me in my last night "Final Draft" playtrought, maybe that's something new that they added?
Saga's sections take way too long with all the goddamn collectibles
I hate how they made the flashlight work in AW2.  I also hate how the taken can still come at you while you’re using the flashlight on them
    Plus they never actually explain how that shit works. In the first one they explain that you need to shine it to damage them. In the second one, some shadow guys just disappear from normal light, some attack you, some transform from boosts, etc.
Exactly! They used RE2 combat which is great for slow enemies instead of RE4 which is faster to deal with with faster enemies. Playing RE4 this year really made the poor combat stick out. 

When gameplay is good, you feel you messed up but I never felt that when I died in AW2.
    It’s baffling how this made it past QA, it just feels so wrong.
If you desperately need a lore explanation, why not go with the fact that Quantum Break is an alternate universe within the RCU and Quantum Break's version is white.
    Or it was just way earlier draft/loop.
    problem is : alex casey seem unaffected?

why did that alternate universe have a different version of saga?

what is the divergence point between Quantum Break vs Alan Wake 2, that resulted in such a different version of the same person?
        [deleted]
            > why does it matter

on one hand : they can try to downplay the change

or

on the other hand : they can come up with an in-lore backstory that is so awesome, that it blows people's mind how amazingly creative the writers are.

it's either the boring option vs the awesome one.
                [deleted]
                    > what's the point

sigh.. people choosing the boring option.

downplaying it acting like "it doesn't matter"

the thing is : it COULD matter.

it could have been an elaborate backstory.

it would be like having something awesome, amplified.

i suppose this argument is like how much hot sauce do you want on your slice of pizza?

some don't like spicy, some do, it's just something very subjective that we will never really agree upon.
                        [deleted]
                            > nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
                        You're trying really hard to appear like this isn't some complaint about "woke game companies" but it's not working.
                            geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
                                Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
Lore for the "race swap"? Really who cares? Quantum Break isn't even part of the connected universe, and that version of AW2 was just a concept trailer that was added in to QB as an in-universe TV show, not meant to be an actual trailer for this game.

And if you didn't play QB, it makes me wonder even more why you care. I'm just surprised that "woke" didn't appear in your post.
> i didn't know there was a previous version of saga.

That was just an easter egg, nothing too relevant really.
    > nothing too relevant

but they COULD make it relevant.

i'd rather they write some awesome backstory, than just discard it with a meta explanation such as : they had to rewrite the story because (insert real world reasons here)
        Sure, but Quantum Break is not part of the remedyverse.
            they could just explain it like an alternate world event.

ie : like a branch of reality that has been cut off.

so there are characters that appeared there, like alex casey and anderson, but those versions no longer has an effect in the current reality.

like a one way ticket, point of origin can be acknowledged, but backtracking was no longer possible.
She also is a pretty terrible detective.
What do you play on? I have a ps5 and despite all the constant updating never experience an immersion breaking bug
    Xbox Series S, I wish I had your experience. I’ve read a fair amount of similar criticism in this sub regarding bugs as well. For the first few weeks there was an ongoing thread where people were just mass reporting all the issues they were running into across various platforms.
Agreed. I went to play final draft a week after I beat the game and found that the only save the game had was from when I was half way through. Combine that with the game not launching if it doesn’t detect 16gb of ram in windows and since mine reads as 15.5 because of the integrated graphics, I would have to edit game files every update. There are posts in here everyday about something not updating correctly and people being unable to progress. It’s absolutely ridiculous.
Scratch being the main antagonist is not American Nightmare thing, it's already set up in the first game proper.
FBC was always a boring institution. The instance with the hiss was a standout. You've seen they're documents, they're another bureaucracy but their focus is more interesting
I miss the old flashlight mechanics tbh. I liked how the flashlight moved with the right stick a lot better and how it would slowly recharge a bit over time. 

It was also nice that in AW1 you could slowly burn off dark spots/barriers with the flashlight without aiming it and wasting battery.
Particularly since we only get 3 save slots. 

I should be clear. I deeply loved AW2. It went above and beyond. Lack of chapter replay and lack of save slots isn't a big deal. It is a disappointment though.
They added a arcade game in the Control DLC that let you replay that games equivalent of We Sing, I expect them to do something similar here.
    Oh, I don't think I ever found it. Where?
        I believe it's in the start of the AWE dlc area. There's a sidequest to investigate the arcade machine (called Shum) which unlocks a machine  which can replay the ashtray maze (shum 2)
            Ah, I did find Shum, I guess since just never looked at the 2nd one. Awesome thanks!
Which collectible was it?
    The writer’s journey video in room 665 :/
I only used max health and health regen charms, tbh didn't even pay attention to them on hard.
Nah, you get special NG+ coffee cups if you do all the rhymes a second time, they heal you on top of bringing you back
Put on some pants, Norman! Nobody wants to see your meat basket.

Edit: spelling again
Like her outstanding beef jerky now in 3 incredibly delicious flavors 😏
    altough we all know that teriyaki is a shit flavor
I'm pretty sure the first DLC is supposed to be based around Night Springs episodes.
    Yeah one is the FBC Lake House, other is Night Springs
    Yeah…really looking forward to this!
I got to read all his emails to Alice. It was a nice touch
Barry was close with old gods of Asgard so I guess he was protected
The first DLC is called night springs and I bet Barry turns up in that , remedy know we love Barry wheeler
Now you mentioned it, yeah first AW feels more "grounded" than second installment. And yeah I liked original Twin Peaks more than TP:Return
    Definitely borrowed from True Detective Season 1, they nailed the cult vibe
I have a funny case of loving Alan Wake immensely, but not being able to get into Twin Peaks at allll.
Tried several episodes and it just never clicked. If anything, Alan Wake isn't as weird, which is saying something lol.
Yeah.  I didn't love the Twin Peaks return but the vibe was so much more fucked up, and it works well for this game.  13 years stuck in hell will do that to a person, and a town.
Wow, didn't know there was a The Return... But that is hilarious, and cannot be a coincidence with the plot of this game being writing Return.
Inspired? It's like they added a controller to season 3. And I fucking love it so much.
    Twin Peaks is my favorite show, and the return is my favorite season, so I completely agree with you, lol
It literally copies the time jump concept from TP: The Return. 
Second season of TP talks about an event happening in 25 years, and The Return is released on TV 25 real world years later.
I was always wondering about "survival horror" theme when your character armed to the teeth with 3-4 different weapons in inventory, having that make you not afraid almost any enemy encounter
    It's debatable, yes, but I did find it a somewhat appropriate of a description. With my skills and playstyle, I was running low or out of ammo on several occasions. It did feel tense and creepy to hear Taken raving or shadow people whispering as I was trying to avoid them, looking for fresh supplies.


It feels very much on the kinder end of the "survival horror" spetrum, though.
    You ever play Silent Hill 3? Game is super scary, but you are also kitted out to take on a small army.
        Unfortunately I did not played 3rd one, played SH 1, 2, the room.

But I still "feel" static radio noise from SH1 while you have 5-6 bullets in your inventory and you know you screwed...

My point is the more powerful you get the less horror it become. Same was recently with Dead Space remake at a last stages of a game it was more like a doom with that upgraded arsenal(still cool though)
            List of some of the weapons in SH3: pipe, shotgun, submachine gun, katana, gigantic mace, lightsaber and flamethrower in NG+

For me, with all of it, when the enemies cease to be scary, it is the story and atmosphere that do it. For AW2 specifically, will we accomplish anything? Sure, we can protect ourselves, but will we truly escape the hell dimension we are in? What if the Dark Presence just bum rushes us, can’t fight that. 

The atmosphere and story do lifting when the gameplay begins to be less scary.
            I disagree with it. Being powerful doesn't mean something is not scary

You can be armed to the teeth, but it's not about "I will kill it" it's about "What it is, what it wants from one and why it attacks me"

There are some examples of it. Resident evil 1,2 and 3 were scary, and you had lots of weapons. Resident evil 7 and 8 were scary and you had lots of weapons

Like I would say outlast isn't scary after some time, and that's not because I'm armed to the teeth since I don't have any weapons. It's just that I learned who my enemy is, what it wants from me and why it's attacking me.

The unknown is what is scary. As soon as you learn this unknown it's not scary anymore. That's why being scared of darkness and deep waters is common. Both of those things are unknown
            Really good survival horror games balance this out by making the enemies prgressivly harder the further you go in so you need those tools. So far from what I have played of Alan wake 2, it  hasn’t diversified the enemy roster that much so sagas extra weapons feel a bit superfluous. Still fun to use but I feel way to powerful for what I am dealing with right now.
    The inclusion of weapons and resource management is what makes it survival horror and not just regular horror or psychological horror. Survival horror is just one sub genre under the horror umbrella.
I've just got poor Mocha the Moose on the brain, I guess. RIP Mocha.
Near the end, if you’ve found and pet all
of them a live deer appears and if you follow it, you get access to a previously locked room in the hotel, that’s fully stocked with items.
    Oooh that is interesting, will look up it to see if i'm missing one
Hustling through it again on final draft was tough to endure
The subway was boring. I liked the hotel though. Cinema was too small and I actually forgot about it (though I did watch the 10 minute movie lol)
The subway had nothing on the hotel imo
Is it a gameplay mechanic that you aren't supposed to be able to tell which shadows are real? Felt like I wasted so many batteries torching the fake ones. 

I know I could just wait for them to attack, but I was way too scared for that lol
    You can just shine the torch at them without boosting and it will get rid of the fake ones, it just takes a bit longer. I was really far into my first play through before I realised this.
    That was definitely intentional so I guess that would make it a mechanic. I wait and still sometimes mess it up lol so tense everywhere in Alan's sections. Really nailed that survival horror feeling of: oh shit, oh shit, should I fight this or just keep running and save the ammo for later?
    Commented a similar thing above but I could usually tell towards the end of Alan’s chapters. The fake ones don’t usually move and since Alan’s enemies don’t respawn if you’ve just done something to progress the story and come after a bunch of shadows soon after they’re probably real.  I started off horrified of them checking every one, but the anticipation of checking them all with a light ended up scaring me more than just running into them to see if they hit me.
Especially when they're calling out your name
Same, I don't know about classic Alan Wake (as I only played it right before II so my investment was low), but I could play an entire game based around Saga. Wake is obviously a critical character and the lore would be dead without him, but Saga and her environments are so much more fun, interesting, and creepy to play.
    Wow you found her levels more interesting? Now gonna bash her or her levels since I liked her as a character (though it took a bit of time for me to be invested in her) and her levels but the atmosphere of the dark place and it’s weird mechanics always interested me more than her more normal levels. (Atleast more normal than the dark place)

If you would, could you elaborate on why you liked her levels more? Not trying to put you on the spot or anything, just genuinely curious.
        I think I find the more analytical angle, the dead people stuff, and her mystery past more interesting. There's more puzzle-type work, better weapons, deeper lore (at this point at least, she's obviously new while we've been building on Alan for a while), the FBC angles are super interesting to me. I'm a huge fan of Control and there are obviously references in the Dark Place, but they seem more "interactive" in Saga's world. Also, I guess I'm just a bigger fan/find it creepier to be stumbling around in the woods than in the city. More of a realistic horror to me, in that sense. I'm really into Control and true crime, so it's no surprise to me that I like Saga's gameplay better. Alan's gameplay just seems a bit more survival than analytical.
            Ah bigger fans of the woods? Makes sense. I really liked the noir aspect of Alan’s levels more and the typewriter mechanic but I do agree that her mystery solving parts were really cool. Made it feel like you were slowly getting closer and closer to figuring out what was happening. I did find her mind space a bit goofy at first and how she could deduce what happened from almost nothing but I loved the reveal that <!her mind palace and profiling abilities come from her being a seer!>
I disagree completely. This is what I come to remedy for. You can get simple stuff everywhere. This is as close to a playable “return” as I’m ever going to get and I love it.
    Dude really wants it to be a run of the mill Sony first party game.
The weird part is Twin Peaks has a lot of moments of genuine tenderness, humour and kindness. Alan Wake is all the weirdness and not much horror in general (unless the screeching screens are considered horror).
It was so touching, but I am worried for him because he is getting "treatment" from the Blessed Organisation
    Maybe he is gonna be in Control 2?
    Either control or Quantum break that cult is mentioned as a dangerous cult so yea Barry may be in trouble
Yes, but from the players perspective it was a wasted opportunity to be a lengthy callback to the original.

When you do play as him, it plays the classic combat music and the original warning sound effect when taken appear. I was hoping to spend more time as him in Bright Falls, considering it would have been great to see the town as Alan after 13 real life years of waiting for a sequel.
    I get you, I started with Alan Wake 2 then am now going back to play the first one. Personally I don’t feel like I’ve missed anything with him not spending more time in bright falls, so far he’s barely spend any time there. It would have been cool to see him fight through the Lodge again
        Obviously you never played the first one before playing the sequel so you have no attachment for it lmao. He does mostly spend time in Bright Falls in the first game so it is a tad disappointing you can’t explore a current gen version of Bright Falls as Alan Wake
In control there are little to no checkpoints that aren't control points. Once you've gotten and interacted with a control point, that's where you'll pick up at.
it would be perfect for this!!
You're fucking ridiculous.  
You can close the game at the end screens and it picks up where you were.  
It autosaves. That's not to mention that you're in a safe room in like half of the chapter ends.
I had to watch a walkthrough for that. Spent 20 minutes not understanding what I had to do. I know people crap on the "yellow lines" type hand holding in AAA games but at least it doesn't irritate you like this.
I can't tell you how many times I did that God damn chase in the hotel. I'm already shit at remembering where I am in games and I just could not figure that out. It doesn't help I played stoned so I was really fucking up lol
    Dude same I was absolutely baked during those scenes lmaoooo
>room 666

Room 665. Neighbor of the beast.
    No 666, was scratches room in the ocean view hotel. That’s when Alan gets chased
        Ahhhh right. 

There's another section in the TV studio with a room 666 'number of the beast' and then you come back later and it says room 665 'neighbor of the beast'. 

I think they've had that easter egg going in their games for a long time. Like Max Payne 1 or 2.
    Sorry I’m high as hell maybe I misinterpreted your response
If you stockpiled a bunch of flash bangs or even flares, scratch was super easy even on nightmare.
Cynthia I didn't mind because it was, essentially, a puzzle boss. Avoid her to turn on the lights and then she's an easy down. 

Mulligan and Thornton is like they made a boss fight, realized it was too easy, so added those stupid fucking light balls to destroy to pad it. 

Really don't like that fight. My gf is playing through on story mode and they were the only time she had any trouble.
    Cynthia for me was difficult because of her waves and orbs of darkness she shot. so you have to be fast and close to her to avoid those things. The cops were great because ones low the others high so it forces you to use offensive and defensive firing. If you stockpile flash bangs and flares it made all the boss fights significantly easier
        i played thru on Normal and cynthia never landed a hit on me in either phase. in phase 1, Saga immediately tells you what to do to avoid her, and in phase 2, i used the pistol headshot upgrade to stunlock her. honestly i was expecting a stage three with how easy it was.
            I originally played on hard then nightmare for final draft.
            100% this. The stun lock upgrade is so broken and makes every boss a joke, especially when moving into The Final Draft.
            4 shots in the head with hunting rifle and she was a quick defeat. Probably found her easiest of all to be honest
            Same here. I had a moment where I was doubting that was even the actual boss fight or if I’d gotten Cynthia confused with someone else because it was over so fast for me.
    ...you needed to turn on lights with Cynthia?

Wow. I feel like a total idiot. I just beat Final Draft not too long ago and I just went the tried and true 'hit her with everything I got' method both times.

I feel stupid.
        Oh now I feel stupid too, pretty sure I went full chaos mode with two propane tanks and a shotgun on her
    Hated them. Thankfully I read a tweet that mentioned it so I knew how to beat the fight.
Nightingale was a real challenge for me, because I missed the sawed off shot gun at first and didn’t have it when I was fighting him
    I beat him first time with the pistol. Died once, then went for the supplies along the way before actually confronting him.
That hoard battle when old gods play on van roof was the hardest for me
    Best trick for that is constantly circle on the outside and stockpile all your flares, flashbangs and any other heavy light weapons. Then use only the shotgun (not sawed off) and the rifle.
In Control you can demolish bosses because of how strong you are and how quickly Jesse moves. Alan Wake 2 has you lumbering around like a tank while all the enemies are zooming about like they're from Control lol.
    The axe throwers have since replaced the birds from ninja gaiden as my least favorite enemy in any game ever
        I hate it when they split it two sometimes.
            RAH I HAD CONVENIENTLY SUPPRESSED THAT FROM MY MEMORY
        You don't understand how much I FEEL this. Trying to use cover only to find out axes just clip through EVERYTHING, is up there with respawning birds you can't kill, jump over, or under. Which reminds me, this game does have ninja gaiden enemy respawns. Really hurts exploration at times.
            My brother
AW 1 final boss is literally a tornado
Yeah this was my mistake too I think. I started noticing every little flaw with the game and it really detracted from the experience. I think if I just took the critical path I would've enjoyed it a lot more.
    I tried to do everything on my first playthrough too. About 30 hours total over several weeks. Still missed lunchboxes and stashes. Loved the game but Final Draft released 3 days later and I was too burnt out on it to jump back in immediately.
        I play the same way and still haven’t tried Final Draft
Yeah, felt the same way. After a while the forest is not atmospheric anymore and the enemy encounters turn from scary to annoying when you're methodically scanning the areas for collectibles.

I guess it's my own fault for trying to get everything in the first place, but I also think the game did a big disservice to its atmosphere by including so many open-word collectibles.
I think Saga much like Alan in the first one was a nobody seemingly sucked into this grounded but very unreliable reality/narrative. You constantly questioned if saga was actually losing it or not. Plus more weapon variety. Alan imo was much more of a survival horror than saga. Saga was survival horror too but it was more open and generous with its ammo too.
I dont hate it. I just wish the major plot points when selected automatically went into the right location in the mind map or whatever its called with the strings. I dont mind leaving the side clues and stuff manually selected, but sometimes I spent to long trying to find the right lead for some of the abstract ones. By the end it just wasn't interesting.
I did almost all the poems, finished all the case Board bloat, watched every commercial I came across, I even listened to the entirety of Poet And The Muse. How long did it take you? I'm curious
    I need to log onto the PS5 to check but I would think 30ish? 

But then I collected almost everything, I got the platinum on my first clear.
        For one playthrough? And I thought this game was too short! Were you reading every manuscript?
            Every one I found, I might have missed a couple. I also took my time, played in the dark with headphones to get proper into the horror vibes so I could have been quicker with certain parts (I took so long to get through that empty fucking basement). 

I wouldn't be surprised if my ng+ run is 15 or less, but yeah, definitely got my money's worth.
            My first playthrough was 36hrs. Read every manuscript, found every lunchbox, cache, Nursery Rhyme, etc. I even got 99% of Saga’s case board done, but apparently I missed 1-2 pieces of evidence so I had multiple clues leftover marked “For Later” that I couldn’t put up. I Platinumed the game on my first playthrough tho
                I also had that two remaining "For Later" clues. I sure didn't platinum it though
                    Yeah idk what I missed for those clues and it still irks me that I didn’t complete the board, but closing all the cases isn’t for a trophy luckily. 

For the Platinum I looked through the trophies before the point of no return, realized outside of story chapter related trophies, all I had left to do was shoot a cutout in Coffee World, and use a death charm to save me from dying. I wasn’t trying to Plat it, but I was so close, so I did those real quick and my Platinum trophy clip on PS is Saga on the phone trying to call Logan with it ringing until the black screen for the credits
I'll post it when I get the chance
Nightingale 

And the Alan parts of those saga chapters are like 3 minutes
I think little hints like those people working on the electrical transformer and Ahti being there would make sense. But having a full squad of agents with weapons and a containment cell felt weird yeah.
    I belive its done for some sort of dlc or something in Conttol 2 but yeah it feels like too much intrusive.
I don’t think it’s you. I thought the whole point was that he was written as a cliché hard boiled noir detective, so once I got that the stuff in the cinema felt like more of the same.

I didn’t mind it, and liked the meta commentary from him toward the end, but didn’t like that I was forced to stay still and not keep exploring while listening.
10000% agree in this particular instance, NG+ actually enhanced the main story without it being some paywalled DLC
I think this is one of those cases where the idea sounds good on paper, but in reality it means playing the same 18hrs+ game again, with only some small changes and being allowed to see the uncut version of the ending.

Either you make a normal NG+ mode for people that like those modes, or you do something like Nier: Automata where once you finish your first playthrough, you're actually only 1/3 done, but the second iteration deviates more significantly from the first and after the 2nd playthrough the game continues for the last 3rd.

And in the case of Nier, even there, I'd say it was a gamble. The publisher put a note in the game, warning players that the game was not over, and some of my friends never finished the whole game because they didn't like the parts that were repetitive.

So in my opinion the NG+ in Alan Wake 2 exists awkwardly between a normal NG+ and something like what Nier did, where you get a 10 seconds extended final cutscene, but to get there you have to play, in large parts, the same game again, with only minor alterations along the way.

They either should have not cut the ending of the first playthrough, or have made much more significant changes to the NG+ mode (or even make the restarting of the story part of the first playthrough).
And that’s the beauty of opinions. I’m glad it worked for you.
Honestly I think I just expected more variance in NG+ with how they advertised it having new content. Now that's basically my own expectations tripping me up, but I really wish NG+ was a "streamlined" version of the main game- cut out the fat, make it a lean beast that bites harder and progresses quicker in a desperate tumble to the end. Plus I was wholly expecting the characters to start having deja vu and slowly realizing they'd done this before. Perhaps unable to alter the events themselves as they were already written, but aware of what was about to happen. It would have made for an amazing 2nd playthrough!

Only having 2 or 3 (I might've missed one?) Darling TV recordings felt like a lackluster inclusion. There's only 28 minutes altogether of new/changed content.

Now, that said, I understand it is still just a NG+ and I was a bit foolish for hoping there might be a ton of effort to make it more unique vs the main game. It's still a nice departure (heh) from the usual NG+ formula and I do appreciate the tiny changes and additions and the final ending is worth the slog of some of those story beats that were great the 1st time but so slow on replay.
I mean, I wholeheartedly agree with them; AW2 is probably my favorite game ever, but the way the endings were handled ruined the sensation a lot for me.

I thinkt it would've been a different story if the ending in NG+ was something totally different to setup the DLC or Control 2 or w/e, but now it's blatantly obvious the original ending was just a cut-off from the longer one, which is cheap suspense in a game that otherwise excels at storytelling.

Which is disappointing. The game is amazing, but I can see how people who've waited 13 years for a conclusion are frustrated with yet-another cliffhanger, and how many of them won't even know, or bother, to replay the game and therefore miss out on, what, one more minute that ties everything together? Like I said, I *love* this game, but I ain't replaying the entirety of it for such small amount of new content when I can just Youtube it instead – and that destroys the little purpose it has.
So I'm of the opinion that it just feels jarringly incomplete to not give us the full ending, and the bittersweet conclusion to Alan's story, the first time. And a bit rude tbh.

Meta-story-wise, two loops to end it just also feels either 1) redundant (just give us the real ending the first time to mark the importance of this game showcasin the end of Alan's struggle, and allow people to play NG+ with their items) or 2) too easy (lock it behind several more loops to make it feel like the long-ass process that the game tells us the spiral is).
>  is one of the few occasions where NG+ actually adds so much to the game's narrative

Except the only relevant changes were the intro and outro, the rest of the spiral was pretty much the same as what we already played.

I understand it from a development point of view, it's too much work to make ng+ change a lot of things, but from a narrative standpoint, we get a new ending pretty much just because. Characters didn't do anything different to get to the real ending.
Agreed! The way Remedy set up this NG+ and seamlessly making it a part of game lore was mind blowing to me
You really think so? Tell me more please why?
Plus they never actually explain how that shit works. In the first one they explain that you need to shine it to damage them. In the second one, some shadow guys just disappear from normal light, some attack you, some transform from boosts, etc.
It’s baffling how this made it past QA, it just feels so wrong.
Or it was just way earlier draft/loop.
problem is : alex casey seem unaffected?

why did that alternate universe have a different version of saga?

what is the divergence point between Quantum Break vs Alan Wake 2, that resulted in such a different version of the same person?
    [deleted]
        > why does it matter

on one hand : they can try to downplay the change

or

on the other hand : they can come up with an in-lore backstory that is so awesome, that it blows people's mind how amazingly creative the writers are.

it's either the boring option vs the awesome one.
            [deleted]
                > what's the point

sigh.. people choosing the boring option.

downplaying it acting like "it doesn't matter"

the thing is : it COULD matter.

it could have been an elaborate backstory.

it would be like having something awesome, amplified.

i suppose this argument is like how much hot sauce do you want on your slice of pizza?

some don't like spicy, some do, it's just something very subjective that we will never really agree upon.
                    [deleted]
                        > nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
                    You're trying really hard to appear like this isn't some complaint about "woke game companies" but it's not working.
                        geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
                            Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
> nothing too relevant

but they COULD make it relevant.

i'd rather they write some awesome backstory, than just discard it with a meta explanation such as : they had to rewrite the story because (insert real world reasons here)
    Sure, but Quantum Break is not part of the remedyverse.
        they could just explain it like an alternate world event.

ie : like a branch of reality that has been cut off.

so there are characters that appeared there, like alex casey and anderson, but those versions no longer has an effect in the current reality.

like a one way ticket, point of origin can be acknowledged, but backtracking was no longer possible.
Xbox Series S, I wish I had your experience. I’ve read a fair amount of similar criticism in this sub regarding bugs as well. For the first few weeks there was an ongoing thread where people were just mass reporting all the issues they were running into across various platforms.
Oh, I don't think I ever found it. Where?
    I believe it's in the start of the AWE dlc area. There's a sidequest to investigate the arcade machine (called Shum) which unlocks a machine  which can replay the ashtray maze (shum 2)
        Ah, I did find Shum, I guess since just never looked at the 2nd one. Awesome thanks!
The writer’s journey video in room 665 :/
altough we all know that teriyaki is a shit flavor
Yeah one is the FBC Lake House, other is Night Springs
Yeah…really looking forward to this!
Definitely borrowed from True Detective Season 1, they nailed the cult vibe
Twin Peaks is my favorite show, and the return is my favorite season, so I completely agree with you, lol
It's debatable, yes, but I did find it a somewhat appropriate of a description. With my skills and playstyle, I was running low or out of ammo on several occasions. It did feel tense and creepy to hear Taken raving or shadow people whispering as I was trying to avoid them, looking for fresh supplies.


It feels very much on the kinder end of the "survival horror" spetrum, though.
You ever play Silent Hill 3? Game is super scary, but you are also kitted out to take on a small army.
    Unfortunately I did not played 3rd one, played SH 1, 2, the room.

But I still "feel" static radio noise from SH1 while you have 5-6 bullets in your inventory and you know you screwed...

My point is the more powerful you get the less horror it become. Same was recently with Dead Space remake at a last stages of a game it was more like a doom with that upgraded arsenal(still cool though)
        List of some of the weapons in SH3: pipe, shotgun, submachine gun, katana, gigantic mace, lightsaber and flamethrower in NG+

For me, with all of it, when the enemies cease to be scary, it is the story and atmosphere that do it. For AW2 specifically, will we accomplish anything? Sure, we can protect ourselves, but will we truly escape the hell dimension we are in? What if the Dark Presence just bum rushes us, can’t fight that. 

The atmosphere and story do lifting when the gameplay begins to be less scary.
        I disagree with it. Being powerful doesn't mean something is not scary

You can be armed to the teeth, but it's not about "I will kill it" it's about "What it is, what it wants from one and why it attacks me"

There are some examples of it. Resident evil 1,2 and 3 were scary, and you had lots of weapons. Resident evil 7 and 8 were scary and you had lots of weapons

Like I would say outlast isn't scary after some time, and that's not because I'm armed to the teeth since I don't have any weapons. It's just that I learned who my enemy is, what it wants from me and why it's attacking me.

The unknown is what is scary. As soon as you learn this unknown it's not scary anymore. That's why being scared of darkness and deep waters is common. Both of those things are unknown
        Really good survival horror games balance this out by making the enemies prgressivly harder the further you go in so you need those tools. So far from what I have played of Alan wake 2, it  hasn’t diversified the enemy roster that much so sagas extra weapons feel a bit superfluous. Still fun to use but I feel way to powerful for what I am dealing with right now.
The inclusion of weapons and resource management is what makes it survival horror and not just regular horror or psychological horror. Survival horror is just one sub genre under the horror umbrella.
Oooh that is interesting, will look up it to see if i'm missing one
You can just shine the torch at them without boosting and it will get rid of the fake ones, it just takes a bit longer. I was really far into my first play through before I realised this.
That was definitely intentional so I guess that would make it a mechanic. I wait and still sometimes mess it up lol so tense everywhere in Alan's sections. Really nailed that survival horror feeling of: oh shit, oh shit, should I fight this or just keep running and save the ammo for later?
Commented a similar thing above but I could usually tell towards the end of Alan’s chapters. The fake ones don’t usually move and since Alan’s enemies don’t respawn if you’ve just done something to progress the story and come after a bunch of shadows soon after they’re probably real.  I started off horrified of them checking every one, but the anticipation of checking them all with a light ended up scaring me more than just running into them to see if they hit me.
Wow you found her levels more interesting? Now gonna bash her or her levels since I liked her as a character (though it took a bit of time for me to be invested in her) and her levels but the atmosphere of the dark place and it’s weird mechanics always interested me more than her more normal levels. (Atleast more normal than the dark place)

If you would, could you elaborate on why you liked her levels more? Not trying to put you on the spot or anything, just genuinely curious.
    I think I find the more analytical angle, the dead people stuff, and her mystery past more interesting. There's more puzzle-type work, better weapons, deeper lore (at this point at least, she's obviously new while we've been building on Alan for a while), the FBC angles are super interesting to me. I'm a huge fan of Control and there are obviously references in the Dark Place, but they seem more "interactive" in Saga's world. Also, I guess I'm just a bigger fan/find it creepier to be stumbling around in the woods than in the city. More of a realistic horror to me, in that sense. I'm really into Control and true crime, so it's no surprise to me that I like Saga's gameplay better. Alan's gameplay just seems a bit more survival than analytical.
        Ah bigger fans of the woods? Makes sense. I really liked the noir aspect of Alan’s levels more and the typewriter mechanic but I do agree that her mystery solving parts were really cool. Made it feel like you were slowly getting closer and closer to figuring out what was happening. I did find her mind space a bit goofy at first and how she could deduce what happened from almost nothing but I loved the reveal that <!her mind palace and profiling abilities come from her being a seer!>
Dude really wants it to be a run of the mill Sony first party game.
Maybe he is gonna be in Control 2?
Either control or Quantum break that cult is mentioned as a dangerous cult so yea Barry may be in trouble
I get you, I started with Alan Wake 2 then am now going back to play the first one. Personally I don’t feel like I’ve missed anything with him not spending more time in bright falls, so far he’s barely spend any time there. It would have been cool to see him fight through the Lodge again
    Obviously you never played the first one before playing the sequel so you have no attachment for it lmao. He does mostly spend time in Bright Falls in the first game so it is a tad disappointing you can’t explore a current gen version of Bright Falls as Alan Wake
Dude same I was absolutely baked during those scenes lmaoooo
No 666, was scratches room in the ocean view hotel. That’s when Alan gets chased
    Ahhhh right. 

There's another section in the TV studio with a room 666 'number of the beast' and then you come back later and it says room 665 'neighbor of the beast'. 

I think they've had that easter egg going in their games for a long time. Like Max Payne 1 or 2.
Sorry I’m high as hell maybe I misinterpreted your response
Cynthia for me was difficult because of her waves and orbs of darkness she shot. so you have to be fast and close to her to avoid those things. The cops were great because ones low the others high so it forces you to use offensive and defensive firing. If you stockpile flash bangs and flares it made all the boss fights significantly easier
    i played thru on Normal and cynthia never landed a hit on me in either phase. in phase 1, Saga immediately tells you what to do to avoid her, and in phase 2, i used the pistol headshot upgrade to stunlock her. honestly i was expecting a stage three with how easy it was.
        I originally played on hard then nightmare for final draft.
        100% this. The stun lock upgrade is so broken and makes every boss a joke, especially when moving into The Final Draft.
        4 shots in the head with hunting rifle and she was a quick defeat. Probably found her easiest of all to be honest
        Same here. I had a moment where I was doubting that was even the actual boss fight or if I’d gotten Cynthia confused with someone else because it was over so fast for me.
...you needed to turn on lights with Cynthia?

Wow. I feel like a total idiot. I just beat Final Draft not too long ago and I just went the tried and true 'hit her with everything I got' method both times.

I feel stupid.
    Oh now I feel stupid too, pretty sure I went full chaos mode with two propane tanks and a shotgun on her
Hated them. Thankfully I read a tweet that mentioned it so I knew how to beat the fight.
I beat him first time with the pistol. Died once, then went for the supplies along the way before actually confronting him.
Best trick for that is constantly circle on the outside and stockpile all your flares, flashbangs and any other heavy light weapons. Then use only the shotgun (not sawed off) and the rifle.
The axe throwers have since replaced the birds from ninja gaiden as my least favorite enemy in any game ever
    I hate it when they split it two sometimes.
        RAH I HAD CONVENIENTLY SUPPRESSED THAT FROM MY MEMORY
    You don't understand how much I FEEL this. Trying to use cover only to find out axes just clip through EVERYTHING, is up there with respawning birds you can't kill, jump over, or under. Which reminds me, this game does have ninja gaiden enemy respawns. Really hurts exploration at times.
        My brother
I tried to do everything on my first playthrough too. About 30 hours total over several weeks. Still missed lunchboxes and stashes. Loved the game but Final Draft released 3 days later and I was too burnt out on it to jump back in immediately.
    I play the same way and still haven’t tried Final Draft
I need to log onto the PS5 to check but I would think 30ish? 

But then I collected almost everything, I got the platinum on my first clear.
    For one playthrough? And I thought this game was too short! Were you reading every manuscript?
        Every one I found, I might have missed a couple. I also took my time, played in the dark with headphones to get proper into the horror vibes so I could have been quicker with certain parts (I took so long to get through that empty fucking basement). 

I wouldn't be surprised if my ng+ run is 15 or less, but yeah, definitely got my money's worth.
        My first playthrough was 36hrs. Read every manuscript, found every lunchbox, cache, Nursery Rhyme, etc. I even got 99% of Saga’s case board done, but apparently I missed 1-2 pieces of evidence so I had multiple clues leftover marked “For Later” that I couldn’t put up. I Platinumed the game on my first playthrough tho
            I also had that two remaining "For Later" clues. I sure didn't platinum it though
                Yeah idk what I missed for those clues and it still irks me that I didn’t complete the board, but closing all the cases isn’t for a trophy luckily. 

For the Platinum I looked through the trophies before the point of no return, realized outside of story chapter related trophies, all I had left to do was shoot a cutout in Coffee World, and use a death charm to save me from dying. I wasn’t trying to Plat it, but I was so close, so I did those real quick and my Platinum trophy clip on PS is Saga on the phone trying to call Logan with it ringing until the black screen for the credits
I belive its done for some sort of dlc or something in Conttol 2 but yeah it feels like too much intrusive.
[deleted]
    > why does it matter

on one hand : they can try to downplay the change

or

on the other hand : they can come up with an in-lore backstory that is so awesome, that it blows people's mind how amazingly creative the writers are.

it's either the boring option vs the awesome one.
        [deleted]
            > what's the point

sigh.. people choosing the boring option.

downplaying it acting like "it doesn't matter"

the thing is : it COULD matter.

it could have been an elaborate backstory.

it would be like having something awesome, amplified.

i suppose this argument is like how much hot sauce do you want on your slice of pizza?

some don't like spicy, some do, it's just something very subjective that we will never really agree upon.
                [deleted]
                    > nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
                You're trying really hard to appear like this isn't some complaint about "woke game companies" but it's not working.
                    geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
                        Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
Sure, but Quantum Break is not part of the remedyverse.
    they could just explain it like an alternate world event.

ie : like a branch of reality that has been cut off.

so there are characters that appeared there, like alex casey and anderson, but those versions no longer has an effect in the current reality.

like a one way ticket, point of origin can be acknowledged, but backtracking was no longer possible.
I believe it's in the start of the AWE dlc area. There's a sidequest to investigate the arcade machine (called Shum) which unlocks a machine  which can replay the ashtray maze (shum 2)
    Ah, I did find Shum, I guess since just never looked at the 2nd one. Awesome thanks!
Unfortunately I did not played 3rd one, played SH 1, 2, the room.

But I still "feel" static radio noise from SH1 while you have 5-6 bullets in your inventory and you know you screwed...

My point is the more powerful you get the less horror it become. Same was recently with Dead Space remake at a last stages of a game it was more like a doom with that upgraded arsenal(still cool though)
    List of some of the weapons in SH3: pipe, shotgun, submachine gun, katana, gigantic mace, lightsaber and flamethrower in NG+

For me, with all of it, when the enemies cease to be scary, it is the story and atmosphere that do it. For AW2 specifically, will we accomplish anything? Sure, we can protect ourselves, but will we truly escape the hell dimension we are in? What if the Dark Presence just bum rushes us, can’t fight that. 

The atmosphere and story do lifting when the gameplay begins to be less scary.
    I disagree with it. Being powerful doesn't mean something is not scary

You can be armed to the teeth, but it's not about "I will kill it" it's about "What it is, what it wants from one and why it attacks me"

There are some examples of it. Resident evil 1,2 and 3 were scary, and you had lots of weapons. Resident evil 7 and 8 were scary and you had lots of weapons

Like I would say outlast isn't scary after some time, and that's not because I'm armed to the teeth since I don't have any weapons. It's just that I learned who my enemy is, what it wants from me and why it's attacking me.

The unknown is what is scary. As soon as you learn this unknown it's not scary anymore. That's why being scared of darkness and deep waters is common. Both of those things are unknown
    Really good survival horror games balance this out by making the enemies prgressivly harder the further you go in so you need those tools. So far from what I have played of Alan wake 2, it  hasn’t diversified the enemy roster that much so sagas extra weapons feel a bit superfluous. Still fun to use but I feel way to powerful for what I am dealing with right now.
I think I find the more analytical angle, the dead people stuff, and her mystery past more interesting. There's more puzzle-type work, better weapons, deeper lore (at this point at least, she's obviously new while we've been building on Alan for a while), the FBC angles are super interesting to me. I'm a huge fan of Control and there are obviously references in the Dark Place, but they seem more "interactive" in Saga's world. Also, I guess I'm just a bigger fan/find it creepier to be stumbling around in the woods than in the city. More of a realistic horror to me, in that sense. I'm really into Control and true crime, so it's no surprise to me that I like Saga's gameplay better. Alan's gameplay just seems a bit more survival than analytical.
    Ah bigger fans of the woods? Makes sense. I really liked the noir aspect of Alan’s levels more and the typewriter mechanic but I do agree that her mystery solving parts were really cool. Made it feel like you were slowly getting closer and closer to figuring out what was happening. I did find her mind space a bit goofy at first and how she could deduce what happened from almost nothing but I loved the reveal that <!her mind palace and profiling abilities come from her being a seer!>
Obviously you never played the first one before playing the sequel so you have no attachment for it lmao. He does mostly spend time in Bright Falls in the first game so it is a tad disappointing you can’t explore a current gen version of Bright Falls as Alan Wake
Ahhhh right. 

There's another section in the TV studio with a room 666 'number of the beast' and then you come back later and it says room 665 'neighbor of the beast'. 

I think they've had that easter egg going in their games for a long time. Like Max Payne 1 or 2.
i played thru on Normal and cynthia never landed a hit on me in either phase. in phase 1, Saga immediately tells you what to do to avoid her, and in phase 2, i used the pistol headshot upgrade to stunlock her. honestly i was expecting a stage three with how easy it was.
    I originally played on hard then nightmare for final draft.
    100% this. The stun lock upgrade is so broken and makes every boss a joke, especially when moving into The Final Draft.
    4 shots in the head with hunting rifle and she was a quick defeat. Probably found her easiest of all to be honest
    Same here. I had a moment where I was doubting that was even the actual boss fight or if I’d gotten Cynthia confused with someone else because it was over so fast for me.
Oh now I feel stupid too, pretty sure I went full chaos mode with two propane tanks and a shotgun on her
I hate it when they split it two sometimes.
    RAH I HAD CONVENIENTLY SUPPRESSED THAT FROM MY MEMORY
You don't understand how much I FEEL this. Trying to use cover only to find out axes just clip through EVERYTHING, is up there with respawning birds you can't kill, jump over, or under. Which reminds me, this game does have ninja gaiden enemy respawns. Really hurts exploration at times.
    My brother
I play the same way and still haven’t tried Final Draft
For one playthrough? And I thought this game was too short! Were you reading every manuscript?
    Every one I found, I might have missed a couple. I also took my time, played in the dark with headphones to get proper into the horror vibes so I could have been quicker with certain parts (I took so long to get through that empty fucking basement). 

I wouldn't be surprised if my ng+ run is 15 or less, but yeah, definitely got my money's worth.
    My first playthrough was 36hrs. Read every manuscript, found every lunchbox, cache, Nursery Rhyme, etc. I even got 99% of Saga’s case board done, but apparently I missed 1-2 pieces of evidence so I had multiple clues leftover marked “For Later” that I couldn’t put up. I Platinumed the game on my first playthrough tho
        I also had that two remaining "For Later" clues. I sure didn't platinum it though
            Yeah idk what I missed for those clues and it still irks me that I didn’t complete the board, but closing all the cases isn’t for a trophy luckily. 

For the Platinum I looked through the trophies before the point of no return, realized outside of story chapter related trophies, all I had left to do was shoot a cutout in Coffee World, and use a death charm to save me from dying. I wasn’t trying to Plat it, but I was so close, so I did those real quick and my Platinum trophy clip on PS is Saga on the phone trying to call Logan with it ringing until the black screen for the credits
> why does it matter

on one hand : they can try to downplay the change

or

on the other hand : they can come up with an in-lore backstory that is so awesome, that it blows people's mind how amazingly creative the writers are.

it's either the boring option vs the awesome one.
    [deleted]
        > what's the point

sigh.. people choosing the boring option.

downplaying it acting like "it doesn't matter"

the thing is : it COULD matter.

it could have been an elaborate backstory.

it would be like having something awesome, amplified.

i suppose this argument is like how much hot sauce do you want on your slice of pizza?

some don't like spicy, some do, it's just something very subjective that we will never really agree upon.
            [deleted]
                > nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
            You're trying really hard to appear like this isn't some complaint about "woke game companies" but it's not working.
                geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
                    Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
they could just explain it like an alternate world event.

ie : like a branch of reality that has been cut off.

so there are characters that appeared there, like alex casey and anderson, but those versions no longer has an effect in the current reality.

like a one way ticket, point of origin can be acknowledged, but backtracking was no longer possible.
Ah, I did find Shum, I guess since just never looked at the 2nd one. Awesome thanks!
List of some of the weapons in SH3: pipe, shotgun, submachine gun, katana, gigantic mace, lightsaber and flamethrower in NG+

For me, with all of it, when the enemies cease to be scary, it is the story and atmosphere that do it. For AW2 specifically, will we accomplish anything? Sure, we can protect ourselves, but will we truly escape the hell dimension we are in? What if the Dark Presence just bum rushes us, can’t fight that. 

The atmosphere and story do lifting when the gameplay begins to be less scary.
I disagree with it. Being powerful doesn't mean something is not scary

You can be armed to the teeth, but it's not about "I will kill it" it's about "What it is, what it wants from one and why it attacks me"

There are some examples of it. Resident evil 1,2 and 3 were scary, and you had lots of weapons. Resident evil 7 and 8 were scary and you had lots of weapons

Like I would say outlast isn't scary after some time, and that's not because I'm armed to the teeth since I don't have any weapons. It's just that I learned who my enemy is, what it wants from me and why it's attacking me.

The unknown is what is scary. As soon as you learn this unknown it's not scary anymore. That's why being scared of darkness and deep waters is common. Both of those things are unknown
Really good survival horror games balance this out by making the enemies prgressivly harder the further you go in so you need those tools. So far from what I have played of Alan wake 2, it  hasn’t diversified the enemy roster that much so sagas extra weapons feel a bit superfluous. Still fun to use but I feel way to powerful for what I am dealing with right now.
Ah bigger fans of the woods? Makes sense. I really liked the noir aspect of Alan’s levels more and the typewriter mechanic but I do agree that her mystery solving parts were really cool. Made it feel like you were slowly getting closer and closer to figuring out what was happening. I did find her mind space a bit goofy at first and how she could deduce what happened from almost nothing but I loved the reveal that <!her mind palace and profiling abilities come from her being a seer!>
I originally played on hard then nightmare for final draft.
100% this. The stun lock upgrade is so broken and makes every boss a joke, especially when moving into The Final Draft.
4 shots in the head with hunting rifle and she was a quick defeat. Probably found her easiest of all to be honest
Same here. I had a moment where I was doubting that was even the actual boss fight or if I’d gotten Cynthia confused with someone else because it was over so fast for me.
RAH I HAD CONVENIENTLY SUPPRESSED THAT FROM MY MEMORY
My brother
Every one I found, I might have missed a couple. I also took my time, played in the dark with headphones to get proper into the horror vibes so I could have been quicker with certain parts (I took so long to get through that empty fucking basement). 

I wouldn't be surprised if my ng+ run is 15 or less, but yeah, definitely got my money's worth.
My first playthrough was 36hrs. Read every manuscript, found every lunchbox, cache, Nursery Rhyme, etc. I even got 99% of Saga’s case board done, but apparently I missed 1-2 pieces of evidence so I had multiple clues leftover marked “For Later” that I couldn’t put up. I Platinumed the game on my first playthrough tho
    I also had that two remaining "For Later" clues. I sure didn't platinum it though
        Yeah idk what I missed for those clues and it still irks me that I didn’t complete the board, but closing all the cases isn’t for a trophy luckily. 

For the Platinum I looked through the trophies before the point of no return, realized outside of story chapter related trophies, all I had left to do was shoot a cutout in Coffee World, and use a death charm to save me from dying. I wasn’t trying to Plat it, but I was so close, so I did those real quick and my Platinum trophy clip on PS is Saga on the phone trying to call Logan with it ringing until the black screen for the credits
[deleted]
    > what's the point

sigh.. people choosing the boring option.

downplaying it acting like "it doesn't matter"

the thing is : it COULD matter.

it could have been an elaborate backstory.

it would be like having something awesome, amplified.

i suppose this argument is like how much hot sauce do you want on your slice of pizza?

some don't like spicy, some do, it's just something very subjective that we will never really agree upon.
        [deleted]
            > nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
        You're trying really hard to appear like this isn't some complaint about "woke game companies" but it's not working.
            geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
                Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
I also had that two remaining "For Later" clues. I sure didn't platinum it though
    Yeah idk what I missed for those clues and it still irks me that I didn’t complete the board, but closing all the cases isn’t for a trophy luckily. 

For the Platinum I looked through the trophies before the point of no return, realized outside of story chapter related trophies, all I had left to do was shoot a cutout in Coffee World, and use a death charm to save me from dying. I wasn’t trying to Plat it, but I was so close, so I did those real quick and my Platinum trophy clip on PS is Saga on the phone trying to call Logan with it ringing until the black screen for the credits
> what's the point

sigh.. people choosing the boring option.

downplaying it acting like "it doesn't matter"

the thing is : it COULD matter.

it could have been an elaborate backstory.

it would be like having something awesome, amplified.

i suppose this argument is like how much hot sauce do you want on your slice of pizza?

some don't like spicy, some do, it's just something very subjective that we will never really agree upon.
    [deleted]
        > nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
    You're trying really hard to appear like this isn't some complaint about "woke game companies" but it's not working.
        geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
            Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
Yeah idk what I missed for those clues and it still irks me that I didn’t complete the board, but closing all the cases isn’t for a trophy luckily. 

For the Platinum I looked through the trophies before the point of no return, realized outside of story chapter related trophies, all I had left to do was shoot a cutout in Coffee World, and use a death charm to save me from dying. I wasn’t trying to Plat it, but I was so close, so I did those real quick and my Platinum trophy clip on PS is Saga on the phone trying to call Logan with it ringing until the black screen for the credits
[deleted]
    > nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
You're trying really hard to appear like this isn't some complaint about "woke game companies" but it's not working.
    geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
        Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
> nothing cool

again don't misconstrue your subjective opinion as a "fact"

the right term would be that YOU think there's nothing cool.

rather than saying "there's LITERALLY nothing cool"

coz i clearly disagree.

for one : i'm positing that perhaps Mr. Door had something to do with it. 

given that his existence and his powers are yet to be really determined the nature of.

> other than you

how do you know definitively? did you start a poll somewhere? is that yet another one of you OPINIONS that you're trying to misrepresent as a fact?
geez. 

if the option was to race swap to tick a diversity quota

vs

me looking for an in-lore explanation for the race swap, so it's not just kowtowing to identity politics, but is rather an integral part of the character's backstory.

if you're trying to virtue signal with identity politics, conceding to tokenism is the wrong side of the fence.
    Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
Hah, knew you'd finally mention "woke" or "identity politics"!

Here's the real reason: there was nothing final or even in-progress about that trailer in Quantum Break. It was merely proof-of-concept included as a fun Easter egg. The reason Saga is black now is because they chose a black actress to play her, and they made an excellent choice. No convoluted reasoning needed, and it's got nothing to do with "wokism" or "identity politics". Saga was never white or played by any other actress besides an old proof of concept. End of story.
