[[Riot Phroxzon on 14.8 Ranked Seeding Changes]]


Riot Phroxzon [tweeted](https://twitter.com/RiotPhroxzon/status/1782515273452667248):

>This patch, we pushed a change to Ranked seeding to better seed new to Ranked players!! 

>This has a few pros and cons: 

>**Pros**

> 1 This patch, we've pushed some changes to **seed all players *more correctly* into Ranked, regardless of incoming queue** (average that we think is correct is ~Silver 4 and this can go up/down depending on your prior performance, especially if you play normals). 

>Previously, new to ranked players who only played ARAM and Bots weren't seeded correctly, but these should be addressed better with the new changes.

>There's still more to be done, but this is the first step. 

>2 Players who previously had the mis-seeding bug from before February where we were seeding them at Gold 1 are now playing in games that are more appropriate for their actual skill level

>**Cons**

>Because we can't change visual ranks easily, all new to Ranked players will be playing in games more appropriate for their skill level.

>As a result of that however, new to ranked players caught in the transition period will have negative LP gains. 

>In the case of the players in segment 2 above, these can be pretty bad cases of negative LP gains (+15/-35 in some cases)

>**Overall**

>Overall, we thought these tradeoffs were worth it though; we felt it would be better to have new players play in the right games, rather than their LP gains look correct and get smashed in most games.


Does this mean random unranked account won’t be in emerald?
    if its a smurf it will be in emerald if it isnt then it wont
        problem is currently emerald is hell with every lvl 30 account getting turbo boosted to emerald because of how much free lp they get and its a shit show.  

I hope one day riot brings back smurf queue and let the smurfs cry on social media with their infinite queue timer, rankeds were a lot better
            Any real smurf is actually playing 5-10 normals games so they can start in high emerald/diamond mmr

I know it is frusturating as the people on fresh accs do not care about ToS and make alot of queues hell, but I would assume most of them are emerald players making a new acc to try and get better LP gains
                Many of them are players who want to have a better win percentage or easy games for a bit, so they want to start low elo and get a handful of free wins before they get corrected.
                    I come across the occasional fresh acc that's actually a smurf but most of the fresh accs I play with in emerald clearly don't belong there. I'd say like 90% of them are the "I'm gold but I play like diamond" types of people
                    If someone WANTS to play more games in a shitshow mmr just to have better winrate they're mentally ill.
                        No, simply the feeling to exert power over others. Very basic concept of humanity.
                I know a lot of people who can't hit master normally basically farm these accounts and try to get lucky and hit a win streak early, so that they can ride the inflated LP gains to master. The sad thing is, it works.
                    for real.. some of the people i know who peak master and when i think about their level of play it is a bit absurd and i feel bad for their random teammates lol
                    True... but you cant just be a plat/emerald player and ride inflated LP gains to masters. I would assume you have a massive leg up on other diamonds but there is just too much parity now to not get exposed in the ~30/40 games it takes to get there
                        Oh yeah I am not talking about them, I am talking about the D3 hardstuck that plays on 5 accounts until he gets a lucky 12 game winstreak on one of them
                There are quite a few people making new accounts to boost their peak rank from iron to emerald for a short time
            I'd be fine with smurfQ if they would actually make it work properly. I mean, my 12+ year old account that I consistently play on would somehow end up in smurfQ whenever I went on a big win streak...
            Vanguard fixes that somewhat theoretically because they can’t buy the super cheap botted accounts anymore. They need hand leveled accounts. Which likely means they played normals or something which will hopefully slingshot their mmr. 
                Why?
                    Vanguard will make it harder (probably not impossible) to bot without getting banned, meaning a lower supply of bot-leveled cheap smurf accounts. Therefor the price of those accounts will increase in price due to supply and demand shenanigans
                        More importantly, maybe, it's supposed to identify unique PCs, so no multi-boxing/account spamming/account sharing between 'friends' on the same hardware might slow down low-effort bot farms.
                        But his speculations was that botted accounts wont be used which just isnt true is it?
                            They didn't say that though? They said *super cheap* botted accounts, specifically. They never said botted accounts won't exist at all. Or atleast that's how I interpreted it
                                Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
                                    I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
                                    Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
                                    Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
                                    $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
                These accounts already get banned super super fast, I wonder if they're actually causing as many issues as people think in the handful of games they survive
                    They don’t ban these accounts because it makes their detection methods easier to find. They focus on banning accounts that are actually cheating. 
                        Also, maybe somewhat, because people who use these accounts tend to spend money. A lot of them are probably people who had their main banned, and maybe they drop $10 to buy a skin for their champ. That's a lotta extra money for Riot.
                            Given how much these accounts absolutely destroy any new player experience, I think riot isn’t super happy about those. 
                    Neither me or my friends have ever gotten a single bought account banned.
            SmurfQ was just so much better and it felt like it was so much improvable still. I as a returning player was put in smurfQ and got shitstomped for like 20 games, but then I got out of it and the game quality was so much better without smurfs. Was worth it, but I'm sure they could work out a system where it doesnt happen (I think you were put in smurfQ if just your MMR and visual rank disparity were too high, or something really dumb / basic like that, rather than workout out a more complex prediction model).
            As someone who used to smurf a lot, I loved Smurf que, and it was always really competitive.
        [deleted]
            Why are you commenting if you haven't read the post? What phroxzon is talking about is "ranked seeding", which is the practice of seeding your rank with your non-ranked performance. This means that you will not start in plat/emerald by default, actually, as riot phroxzon wrote in this very post, the average new account starts in silver 4.
            objectively untrue lol
        Where did they state this?
            it is the purpose of ranked seeding
        Oh really? I was wondering why my unranked braum top inted he must be a smurf 
    yep, that's the plan. Definitely want to hear if y'all see any. It's not intended to be like that. Even if they're absolutely destroying all their normal games; we don't want it to be easier to run accounts up the ranks and sell them.
        Will you be able to give us some feedback on how the ladder was affected once Vanguard becomes mandatory? Or is that something that will take some time to see actual results?
            With wild numbers like 10%+ of masters games having botting problems, I'd love to see a graph of how Vanguard changes things.
            If it is affected. Valorant has had Vanguard since the beginning and it still has cheaters.
        Can yall make a separate option to report bots? I get yuumi and sivir bots in my silver games. Honestly most of the time it’s yuumi, Taric, or sivir so you could probably just cross reference users who only play those champs.
        why do I feel like this is going to end up destroying the lower MMR ranks instead with all the smurf's being placed in silver and gold instead of emerald where they belong....
        Bring back duoq master+ on euw pls. Or increase the threshold, currently its at like high d1 at best.
        Why did SmurfQ get axed when you guys were *seemingly* using an elementary-school level prediction model for detecting smurfs? If you improve the model and prevent returning players from entering smurfQ with 30% WR over 20 games, the system can have potential.
        Please can we have a vote or a discussion on visible rank and match making rank. I know why it was added but in 2024 do we still actually need it it just causes more issues than needed.
        Any planned changes to help fix the accounts that were nuked during the transition? Going from +30/33 to +20/18 in one patch feels horrible with an 80% w/r
            While this would require more games to rank up, isn't it objectively better for you to take the more consistent +20/18?   
  
Each game you lose is also a game you didn't win. I understand with an 80% w/r this deal may not be ideal but I find it hard to speculate that you have a lot of games on your account as the system should always push you towards a 50% w/r over time (as your MMR rises).
    No. Smurfs will still ruin your Emerald games. 

This will just prevent actual new unranked players from being placed way higher than they deserve (~Plat).
        Imo, although still not fun, a high elo smurf causing you to lose is more enjoyable than a legit Iron-silver player on your team causing you to lose. At least when I got completely jungle gapped by the GM talon, I could watch the replay and try and see what he was doing in situations that I missed. Much better than watching the replay and seeing the Bronze Garen miss every cs and try to 1v1 the Darius in a triple stacked minion wave.
    Sounds like a shift from the previous statement, where they said it didnt exist as an issue and we just complain 
        Old system placed 50% winrate beginner accounts to gold1. People claimed some times even higher up to emerald.
I hope new system will place new 50% winrate accounts to silver4 like it was mentioned. I could start playing ranked again without rolling the dice every time who gets the bronze in the platinum matchmaking to autolose.
> new to ranked players who only played ARAM and Bots weren't seeded correctly

I wonder why Riot just doesnt require players to play SR for an X amount of games. Feels like it could solve a lot of these issues atleast for legitmiate players.
    well Riot have made posts before around what this requires.

You would have to get a lot of different teams involved including ui and ranked teams or whatever.

All for the tiny tiny tiny number of genuinely new players who make it to 30 and want to play ranked before playing normals.

Almost every account that does this is a botted smurf
        True, but there is another option. To just give accounts who have not played enough normals to play double the placement matches. This should not be too hard of a change and needs very little work from others.

You start their ranks experience then \~0.5-1 tier lower as the +5 games make up for that.
        Surely it wouldn't be that hard to just make every new account have a required 10 SR games before having the option to queue ranked... right?
            here is their post on it 
https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Value vs number of people affected
                Riot gave you ranked restriction when you were toxic before where you had to WIN draft game to unlock ranked again, but here is this guy using a corporate post from riot to tell us that activating a 10 game ranked barrière is too hard. 

You have to be really naive to believe it's too hard to do for riot. It has NOTHING to do with the size of the company lol
                    Nowhere in the post is Phroxzon saying that it would be "too hard" to implement, he literally explains that they could do it within a few months if all goes well if they wanted to. You didn't understand the point at all.

They haven't felt like a normal game requirement in order to be able to play ranked is worth the cost and resources compared to other things they're doing, that's all there is to it.
                    Or you actually know how coding a video game works and realise it's a ton of work involving many departments for very little result and won't bother putting resources on it and rather put it on more important/impactful things.
                        Except this isn't coding the video game, it's a simple api call to the number of games and an in-client pop up. The simplest web dev task ever. If this is hard to implement, Riot either has managers that have ravaged its teams to a halt or bozo devs who can't do this. The cost of this SHOULD NEVER be high.
                            This would do nothing to combat botting.
                        I work in an IT company with weekly product release. So I know what it takes to do even a small change in the code, don't try to teach me what it takes.

Riot releases monthly league of legends patches but this guy believes they really can't input a GAME COUNT in the game lololololololol
                            I dont see how that would change anything to botted account but ok.

I very much doubt you are a developper.
                                Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
                                    I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
                    Good point.
                Honestly the most interesting part of that was finding out there's actually a client team lol

My buddies and I (who all have played the game for around 10 years) were just talking recently about how we can't remember ever thinking "wow the client works really well this patch" it just feels like it's never been in a good state

Interesting read though, few of those tasks they listed could be done really quickly but Ik it must be complicated having to keep all the international teams on the same page
                Bro that whole post reads like total BS lmao. They are literally saying "its too difficult" without really going into the details of why other than "we'd need different teams to work on it". 

Its literally just an overview of how software development (and most businesses) work in general. They could have made that exact same post about any other change that people want. What I get from reading this is that they simply rather work on other things, AKA its not a priority for them. They could have just said that.
                    Yes? He is literally using the feature as an example and says specifically that? He's using it as an example to show why simple things actually take a lot of time.
                        Stop asking redditors who possibly haven't worked a single day in their life to upscale any type of work to a billion dollar company level.   
I work in a small company (<20 people) and even the slightest change has to be approved by people above me, before being approved by the finance department and finally changed.
                    Unfortunately it's not bullshit, and it's not even a riot specific problem. This is an unsolved problem, coordination becomes significantly harder at scale. ALl big organisations, corporations and goverments alike, suffer from it to a significant instead. You can maybe do it a bit better than Riot, but not to a great extent.
            Since when 10 games can determine your skills anyway? If its not 30 its almost useless.
                It would mainly be to target bot accounts that only queue intro until lvl 30. If you're actually a new player and don't play any norms before ranked you should be placed in Iron 4, where you belong.
        BS.


Heroes of the storm does this just fine and they have literally 0 budget. It's an excuse.
            It's not impossible just a bureaucratic pain in the ass to implement a feature that requires cooperation from like 3 or 4 different departments to implement for minimal impact.
            they have literally 0 players so yeah those problems of scale don't really apply
                Locking ranked behind a required amount of standard games isn’t exactly a novel or complex idea
                    In league the requirement was playing 100s of games to reach lvl 30 but bots kinda circumvented that
                Playerbase doesn't have anything to do with coding a system that requires you to play X amount of summoner's rift games before entering ranked.


Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
                    https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
                        Yes because Riot is going to tell you the truth instead of just saying "We're too lazy to do it" or "It would actively make us less money to do this as it would discourage smurfing".



I have a bridge to sell you.
                            it's about how change in any large org works, please stop you are embarrassing yourself
                                the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
    Should be required to **win** x amount of games, not play.

If it's just 'play' ppl will just bot these games and sell the account after..

Winning takes more effort since you can't use some stupid bot which will lose most of its games anyway.
    They have talked about it. Simply being it would take a lot a long time to implement and more work. Guess they think they can handle it much faster with changes like this. But we will see, they could be planning on doing both.
    Laziness. They could. It would be a tool to address the Smurf problem. Yet they throw business jargon at as like “ROI” and avoid accountability. They’re too big now that they don’t actually care about the player experience. Just accountants in the back saying “make line go up!”.
>2 Players who previously had the mis-seeding bug from before February where we were seeding them at Gold 1 are now playing in games that are more appropriate for their actual skill level

Are they really back to denying that it was happening into Plat and Emerald? lol
    Riot loves examples, here's one in my plat game a few days ago. Account was leveled with a majority of ARAM games, some normals 

Placed right into plat

https://www.op.gg/summoners/na/wafflecone-jut

It's just sickening that riot allowed accounts leveled to 30 in ARAM or bot games be placed into mid plat and anyone who's had their games ruined by this can attest

another level 30 in one of my games, straight into plat

https://www.op.gg/summoners/na/jijwht-NA1
        I've literally had it happen more than once where someones first game in ranked was in my Emerald lobbies --- and these are players who had played normals with an average rank of Bronze or low Silver.

That said, I find the whole discussion and implementation of ranked distribution and quality in League really weird and out of touch from both Riot and players. In older competitive games everyone knew that the ranked ladder was of lesser quality and that's why inhouse and PUG games existed and where the more serious players(of all skills!) would play more often than not. League has no inhouse or PUG culture, so ranked has this heightened importance but still with the same lesser quality leading people to be more frustrated and less accepting of the reality. Alongside this, Riot have utterly failed to implement a basic accurate system - probably in part due to the heightened amount of complaints resulting from the previous point. Similarly, other games have way less and sometimes no restriction for new accounts entering into ranked and smurf accounts aren't treated as abusive ego-boosting things as much as they are in League. In my experience, smurf accounts are accounts to practice stuff either anonymously or something new with less pressure - with the added benefit that playing against worse people is a good way for the worse player to learn and for the better player to hone their already developed skills, assuming that both players are serious about improving. It's really weird how League, as a competitive game, has played out in terms of the mentality of the majority of players. A lot of the problems this game has are only problems because people are so wrapped up in their own heads instead of actually focused on the game and improving at it. Everyone seems to want to feel like they're treating it seriously when they're not even taking the first step and at the same time treat it and argue that it's a casual game more than a competitive game and that it's everyone else or other things that are the issue and not their own attitude toward the game.

Ultimately, this fuck up with new accounts appearing higher in the ladder than they should be is Riot's fault, but it was brought about because a lot of people complain so they constantly tweak it trying to 'perfect' it when in reality it's always going to be shit and people shouldn't care as much about the one-off dogshit quality and accept that a public ranked ladder as a whole is going to be worse in quality than inhouse and pick up games. The real fix is just putting new accounts in Silver 4 and if they perform consistently well over ten games then skyrocket them into Plat or Emerald, otherwise let them climb and drop as normal. All this while ignoring the people who complain about it because those people aren't treating the game seriously and can't see the reality of a public ranked ladder the majority of the time anyway. It's kinda shitty for those players, I guess, but it's a super basic fix that's better for the game and serious players as a whole - Riot catering to the lowest common denominator is part of the problem and has created a feedback loop of decay.
            I will never get understand why competitive games tolerate smurfing. Practicing and playing with friends should be done in normals. I’m sick of the excuses and as you put it, it’s a broken culture.
                Not sure if you're disagreeing in parts or misunderstanding, but to clarify, I highlighted that smurfing isn't a problem on its own - what is a problem is how players use it as an ego boost and not a learning tool more often than not (in League of Legends). Ultimately we shouldn't care much about smurfs *because if the ranked system is broken and/or intentionally slowed down* then they level up quickly AND we understand and accept that a public ranked ladder is inherently going to be lesser in quality.
                    Brother. It’s both. I’ve snurfed my ass off in different games. Sure it’s to learn new things or try stuff but it’s also partly because it’s fun to stomp and feels good to be the carry. 

We can’t have an honest conversation where people pretend that smurfing is purely practice. Practice on your main with your rank on the line or play fucking normals.  It’s fun to boost your friends. I get all that but it doesn’t make it right. Hard stop.

I don’t care what you’re practicing. You don’t lose your game sense and abilities because you change accounts.
                        I agree with you. The argument “it allows the worse player to learn from playing vs the Smurf” can only be true when the Smurf is of similar level (ex- plat smurf, gold other player). If the smurf is spacing the other player impeccably, csing well, having good back timers, pushing waves in order to achieve macro goals, jng tracking etc, there’s a pretty severe limit to what the gold player could learn from being stomped that soundly.
            the ladder in itself is probably redundant after more then a decade, but that stems from the game being a massive online pvp platform. the part that riot lost long ago is entegrity of said ladder. that comes from not handing out enough ban's over the course of time or not implementing something similar like vanguard earlier (even if the bots would've been handleveld then all along).

the prob with league is, your success in climbing or winning can be calculated (levelofskill + time) and just needs a handful of (hard to master) requirements. if you master those things like leeching in a duo for example you have the possibility to thrive a few bucks out of it. be it bad things like smurfing, acc leveling, betting or the good stuff streaming, coaching (giving player advice by watching replays, not logging on). so all that the real game turns around are the players that reach that sweet spot were you're able to even earn a buck. thats basically 3% of the whole ladder if I'm not wrong. instead of looking for those people's ip/hwid (as they're even known by riot) for example if they go on the riot streaming business - riot refuses to administrate such things. they don't have either the bad nor the good guys that play the game on their screen. they can kinda do whatever they want. 

all I want to say here is that vanguard will probably change nothing (regarding leveling alt-accounts). maybe a small decrease in asian countrysides but I doubt. simply because the bot accounts are already leveld and those are many. even if we see a massive banwave right after vanguard release (which I refuse to believe going to happen bec of false positives) would only solve one chunk of the problem. simply because you can expect that handleveling will make a huge comeback. lowering entrance matches to 10 and you could've never brought up vanguard at all. all you need to be successful seller was great skill and lots and lots of time (to pump matches). basically only a few low level throw away accounts will be rarer or similar expensive like silver/golds then.

the prob where all of this stems from is that riot doesn't understand what a referee is (when every player is in a competitive environment). the esl had the same thought back then, and tried to deliver it with having at least admins for their competitive games. even that wasn't perfect but the ladder webpage was clear and showed everyone kind of. the client doesn't have any of theose feature that the esl had (for dota1 e.g.) and it lacks any admin service after all. clash kinda proves this every now and then. league's competitive integrity is really low to non existent as the playersize is simply to big, account creating and infesting is a basic and not looking over things like this inflates the whole game slowly but surely. to a point that ranks alltogether gonna lose their meaning, despite maybe the top200-300 players that riot could always figure out beforehand.
        "Some normals" Dude dropped 30 kills on those normals vs golds and emeralds. I'm sure he should've been placed in silver. Do your research before being ooga booga.
            In none of those games did he get 30 kills against golds and emeralds? The only time they performed was when the enemy team was bronze or silver mix
                [https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8](https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8)  
I guess you're right.
        Plat is average though. Thats where you are supposed to start in a ranked game.
            Gold 3 would be about average according to the data on leagueofgraphs. And I would argue a ranked system should place you somewhere below average on default. So somewhere in Silver is a good starting point.
I want to see the half of this subreddit arguing for 6 month that getting emerald after being new to ranked is perfectly normal. Now that riot has admitted it was a mistake/bug on their side, I want to know what they have to say.
The obvious downside is now smurfs start at silver4 since no normal games played. But maybe they are doing this change because of Vanguard? They expect less botted level 30 accounts?
    In theory, the supply of botted accounts should eventually dry up.  

And then I guess we might see the rise of *Hand-raised free range organic level 30 accounts*?
        The thing is hand leveled accounts will alwyas be a lot more expensive which makes people less likely to buy them so riot probably don’t think most people who buys Smurfs now will buy them after the price goes up
            you underestimate how degenerate and addicted smurfs are
                I know some will, but I personally only bought a Smurf once to help a friend put of bronze cause it was dirt cheap. Once they cost more than 10 bucks a lot of people will stop getting them
                U won’t see people acting the same way when the accounts will cost 10-20 dollars compared to 1-2 since now if they get banned suddenly it’s 20-40 dollars spent if they want another Smurf instead of 2-4 dollars it’s just simple logic that this change will = less Smurfs and less toxic Smurfs and yes right now that is about the price of hand leveled accounts last time I checked.
            There's MacOS and I'm sure they'll eventually find a way to do it on Windows as well. I personally don't think Vanguard is being implemented to combat botting or smurfing, because the other available solutions are so glaringly obvious and simple, that we'll know when they're serious about it.
                It's a happy side effect.  

If asking for government IDs is your easy solution, I have some very bad news for you.
                    Well it's time for the USA to get on board and issue national IDs.
                And what solutions are those? Serious question.
                    I would assume one of them is only allowing people one account per person by introducing phone verification for accounts like how its done in clash already

That wouldnt really solve anything since anyone whos remotely motivated can circumvent it easily enough but that is one of those solutions that is often parroted as the holy grail on this sub
                        Phone verification is trivially easy to bypass. It will at most raise bot prices by around 50 cents
                            VOIPs are filtered by a lot of signup pages now.
                            phone number verification that requires a reply verification.

couple that with email verification to cross two forms of verification.

require both for password changes.

you could go even further with ID verification for accounts "for age reasons".

this would be significant enough of a hurdle to hamstring botted accounts. It does come at the expense of new players barrier to entry though.
                                Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
                                You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
                                    That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
                        Can’t really do that for places like eu since they have to follow the different laws and policy’s of the countries the only reason why Korea and china has it is bcs of their government enforcing it I belive 
                        [deleted]
                            As we should.
                                Preach King
                I'd love to hear your "glaringly obvious and simple" ideas as well. If you're talking about hardware bans, that's addressed directly in the Vanguard article (TLDR: too easy to fake hardware ID, Vanguard might help mitigate this).
                Botting is scripting... Except it's even easier to detect. So you are just wrong. If they are going after scripters that includes all the bots as well. And no reason not to ban them. They already do that currently just not that well.
                    "easier to detect" yet they need Vanguard to detect it. It is still hard to detect a bot. It would be easier to not allow players to have multiple accounts, but riot for some reason wants to combat smurfing while allowing smurfing
                        And how exactly is it easier to disallow smurfing on its own? If I level 2 or 3 accounts myself and play on them there is not much they can do, I can always tell them it is me and my siblings playing on the same machine. But detecting and banning accounts which are clearly only used to level up fast and sell illegally should be much easier, as there are a lot of patterns they can use to detect this.
                            1. Introduce mandatory 2FA. You wouldn't be able to have multiple accounts while having just one phone number. 
2. As you said, smurfs would need to level those accounts by hand, not buy it, as HWID would detect that the account is not created by them. 
3. Ban for smurfing - while it doesn't make easier to detect such accounts, it would disencourage people to do so.
4. It is obvious for streamers that they play on a smurf account, so in that case it would be better.

That's it, nothing super complicated. DOTA fights smurfs and it seems like there is an effect of doing so, so I don't see a reason why LOL wouldn't do it
                I like the theory that Riot doesn't want to get rid of botter accounts because it boosts their player count numbers.
                    Riot literally has an API that allows you to grab the numbers of ranked games played each patch, e.g. Lolalytics. General player numbers aren't visible for various reasons (such as bot numbers potentially inflating them and pingponging up and down due to ban waves) but the people who actually have access to the player count numbers aren't going to be stupid enough to pretend bots don't exist.
        I was joking with my GF about buying up all the hand levelled accounts on the market now and selling them when the supply goes down because eventually the supply will dry up and they'll be worth more.

All jokes aside, I think that hand levelled accounts will be the only option because if they somehow pass Vanguard and start botting accounts again, Riot will eventually ban them. With Vanguard that means a HWID to the person that bought the botted account and now your customer base is angry
            Botting itself will be much harder to go, since rn you can lend a servers and do 32 virtual machines at once, after vanguard 1 pc = 1 game client. 
                Back to the old Strat of having some Indian dudes level your accounts for a fraction of what you sell them for
                    The indian dude will still want to get 1-2€ per hour, let's say he plays on 3 accs at the same time, and let's assume it takes 50 hours per acc that means accs will cost at least 15-20€
                        handleveled acc already cost more than that
                            TBF that's because there's no market for them because of botted accounts. IF botted accounts are impossible, you'll see farms in Venezuela with rooms of 50 computers where Grandmothers and 8 year olds are playing on 3 accounts at once speed running intro bots.
        for a massive game as league, i'd assume botters would just innovate another way.

Vanguard is not invincible.
            The entire point of selling mass botted accounts is making money in the fastest most painless way possible.  

If it's too much of a pain in the ass/not profitable enough, the average botters will do the most logical action.   
Move to the next best thing.
        But wont hand leveled accounts also be much easier for Riot to detect and ban? I mean the account is leveled to 30 on one machine which is used to play on many different low level accounts and then suddenly used on another machine, which is used to play on at least one other account. If Riot really wants to combat smurfs Vanguard should really make a big difference there.
            If Riot actually cared. Yes, this would be an obvious flag for observation. But they don’t care
            I don't think they care that much because a percentage of sold accounts also spend money on skins/champs. People willing to spend money on an account (even if its $2-3) are probably more likely to spend money on skins/champs.
            nope as they don't hog hardware id nor ip's of any players. plus they don't ban anyone based on this because of écafe's and pc-bang's. they encourage multi account creation sort of and have only a few admins looking only into high elo matches as samplesize. vanguard combats and tracks just suspicious tools on your pc and comparing those frequently with a list of marketed cheats, thats basically all of it. everything else would contradict their own company marketing goals more or less.
        I wonder how many accounts someone can hand level. I imagine you can probably hand level at least 2, but my guess if that 4 or 5 hand leveled accounts against intro bots is doable, maybe more. Hand level a bunch of accounts, on top of paying poverty wages in third world country that are low, I wonder if the economics make sense for it to be worth doing. 

I'd bet another expensive thing would be initial computer costs cause with vanguard, you probably wont be able to just run a VM on one computer with a million clients. You'd need a bunch of individual computers.
            Super easy to raise 2 at the same time. Buy Yuumi and level an ADC. I can get to Lv30 in a day and I play Support/JG. If I hard carry a bot lane, I can do it more quickly
                can't believe I forgot about yuumi. Yeah, yuumi makes things much easier
                    Yet another reason that shit champ shouldn’t exist.
                30 in a day? Wtf
                In a Day ? Last time i had leveled it took me a month lol
                How can you reach lvl 30 in a day? At least without xp boost that sounds impossible
        Hand raised accounts would still be flagged by their hardware ID and should be easier to ban when sold.
            They already get flagged up by the drastic change in IP and player activity - they choose to not police hand leveled accounts for the most part cause they're less problematic.
                Also because those players probably spend money on the game. The people willing to spend $3 on an account are probably more likely than the average player to spend money on RP.
    I will see it when I believe it. I've only had a single ARAM game leveling up a new account that hasn't had at least 2 bots in it. Some are as bad as having 4 bots per team.
    What people don't seem to get is vanguard knows your Mac address it knows what accounts are playing on what computer and as such will likely just rank you on the highest elo achieved. So say I am a challenge jungler I start a new account or by one w/e vanguard knows this as it can see my instances of logged in accounts it also knows of I am a VPN. It will then just assume I a chall jungle main and match me accordingly even on a new account. I think this was riots aim with it it serves as smurf buster and Chester deterrent.
        Maybe. Gotta remember there are families who share the computer with each other. And pc cafes and such
        Guarantee you RiotGames engineer department CANNOT do this. It takes more than software to properly map behavior to identity and the implementation details are a nightmare.

I worked for Meta and the team that created an Uber group identity for multiple Meta accounts and we have better engineers than they do BY FAR. Its a very hard problem. Data quality becomes critical and no one does it well.
I bet riot overshot originally on estimated the mmr of new account smurfs.

Most of these shitters buying accounts are silver/gold anyway, the smurfs 1v9ing because they are master+ are a rarity
    Nah true silver and golds are nowhere as invested into league to just go and buy new accounts for fun (well most of them). Most smurfs are actually like emerald
        Literally have a gold friend that is on his 10th account. He buys it. Places in emerald and then drops the account once he gets to gold. I don't know why you are even surprised. So many people cried about new accounts being a "cheat code" or that negative LP gains are holding them in "elo hell". All claiming that they don't deserve to be silver/gold and they can "prove it" and then go on to claim how they placed emerald on a smurf. Then if you tell them what happens to the account if they play 100 games, they never respond but they still have a cult of other idiots who upvote them and claim the same thing.

> Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally.

The irony is that my friend has been better. He's been plat. Meanwhile now he is now hardstuck gold(which is old silver) because he is omega tilted and instead of limiting champ pool and trying to improve, he's buying new accounts and playing new champ every game while being on full auto pilot. You are just making the assumption that he'd just put in the hours and improve but why would he do that when he can just get there without any effort. Just overall I don't know how you came to the conclusions that you did. There's far too many low elo players constantly buying accounts and like the other person said this has been the advice of hardstuck players for the last few years. And I'm not even talking only about him. My plat/emerald friends are constantly complaining about it and it's very easy to check that they do indeed play with or against a lot of "smurfs" that clearly aren't smurfs but just low elo people who bought a botted account.
        the overwhelming dumb advice for like a year+ now to every hardstuck player is to abuse new player mmr, there are absolutely tons of really bad players on smurf accounts
            But was it wrong? wasnt fresh acc mmr the best optimal way to climb , yes not in the long run if you suck and are boosted but in short income? yes it was so the problem is from the root of this ranking system and not ppl trying to find placebo
                Making/buying a new account playing 5 games to get seeded much higher and never playing on that account for barging rights isn't climbing(which will instantly get called out). It's just a huge waste of time.
                Yes it is wrong. Unless your sole goal is to reach say plat IV or Emerald IV and then sit on your hands.

You wont improve, you are still the same skill as always. New MMR can make you reach a bit higher or way lower depending on you get a lucky streak or not. And while a silver player might actually reach emerald IV if they are insanely lucky and get carried a lot in their first games, they will drop if they keep playing. Because guess why, they are silver players.

But yeah, if you just want to stop at E4 and play normals and brag about some worthless rating then go for it. Then it works. But you wont climb anything meaningful.
            It's not wrong though. Riot has literally admitted they "settle" old accounts and make it harder to gain rank even if your skill level increases. Nobody should have their accounts become artificially hardstuck in an ever changing game like League.
                practically no one -really- improves fast enough for this to matter.

It's only a soft effect, if I as a master tier player went on a gold players 10 season in a row gold account and played at a 90% win rate, it would barely take more games to reach diamond than doing so on a new account
            You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally. Most players still in silver just don't care. A few will buy accounts just for the thrill of higher placement sure, but the vast majority of the smurf activity is conducted by emeralds where players really start to plateau despite tryharding

Edit: bunch of emeralds mad
                > You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally

And you are underestimating them lol. There are *thousands* of low elo players who very much do care about their rank but cant climb, it has been one of the main things of the ranked community since the existence of the game lmao. I guess you werent around when the forums were still up where you would get 10-20 rage posts by low elo players how they couldnt climb every single day.
                    Old silver and gold have inflated to platinum by now. Current silver is just players who don't care or if fhey care they haven't committed to the real grind yet (they play like 30 champions across all 5 roles and with wacky builds)
        Lol you don’t understand how long it takes someone to hit gold as a new player. There’s an immense amount of game knowledge you need to play this game.  There are people that play this game for a decade + in gold.
        I have a friend that was never gold that had like 12 accounts (kept buying them) way back before I even made a 2nd account.
        Anecdotally, gotta hard disagree. Rank has nothing to do with how invested a player is. There's plenty of players that want to get better, but don't want to put in the boring work. That's not a measure of investment, just patience.

From the people in my friend group, ik more <plat players that get new accs because they think a 'fresh start' is all they need to get to their 'true elo'. While the higher ranked players usually only have 1 smurf, for the sake of low queue times.
            the dev's encouraged that thinking and its basically true. just think about the 'news' of smurf queue a year or so ago. if you had a long existent account (no matter your played mmr) you would easily put into the smurf detection treadmill without any further reasoning by riot. that just yells *"level/buy an fresh alt account and climb!!"* to me more then anything else would and they basically approved it that way.
Why dont they just reset mrr with it too
    Please do this \^ 

This would legit solve the damn inflation we've been having for years now, just hard reset the mmr of all accounts once per season and keep the regular soft resets in between splits. Can't be elo inflated if you need to climb from scratch once a year, master+ will be a much nicer place when we go back to 2k ppl instead of 30k.

Also applies to diamond and emerald obviously, those brackets would finally become what they should be instead of a mixture of everything between silver and diamond put together.
        Yeah no one wants a hard reset that would be the most disgusting unbalanced matches
    Honestly the game needs it. A full MMR reset of literally every account in existence back to zero. Sure it will be chaos in the first weeks but eventually it will even out and be  better than now.
Anything not to make new players play a certain amount of normal games before hopping into ranked. As if a legit new player could have any sensible reason not to.

Yes I am aware of that post about how "hard this would be to implement". It was corporate bullshit. They just know it would make smurfs mad because they can't go shit on silvers quickly enough.
    New players have to hit lvl 30 before ranked. That’s a lot of games.
        A lot of games, and you can play all of them in modes that do not reflect the "ranked but without points" experience. Does that make sense to you? It's not a coincidence that they let you level up accounts in modes that can easily be botted without incurring in many human players' reports. It's to please the smurfs
            >hey boss this guy did 1-30 on aram and is queuing up for ranked SR

>seems legit, let him through
                Oh well but he played so many arams! He must have learned something about summoners rift am I right?
                    eh, they can figure out the map quick enough. Learning what all the champions do is significantly more time consuming.
                        You are kidding, right?
                            No not at all. If someone hit level 30 in arams only they will completely destroy some random new player that is level 5 only playing summoners rift. 

Odds are they will play atleast a few summoners rift games before going into ranked. They'll be fine. Either way they are going to get destroyed and placed in potato elo.
                                Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
                                    It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
            All modes can easily be botted
                >in modes that can easily be botted **without incurring in many human players' reports**

Just finish reading the sentence. You can do it.

Of course you can run bots in every mode. Even ranked. But doing that will mean 4 reports per game at minimum and a ban along the way.
            > It's not a coincidence that they let you level up accounts in modes that can easily be botted without incurring in many human players' reports. It's to please the smurfs

It is so that players only playing in ARAM and other fun modes can level up and buy new champions and the few cosmetics things you get.
                You can have both. Level up accounts in all modes and have a normal games requirement for ranked.

If you're worried about total number of games, make lvl 25 + X amount of normal games (those nornallly necessary to reach lvl 30) the new requirement for unlocking ranked. It's that simple.
        Bought accounts don't do this in normal
            Yes but those are not new players. They’re smurfs
                Yes, exactly, those are the people that the x normal games rule is supposed to target
        And they mean 25% if there aram games
    >  They just know it would make smurfs mad because they can't go shit on silvers quickly enough.

Why would riot be afraid of angering the smurfs after they said one of their goals with Vanguard is to combat smurfing? I love shitting on Riot as much as the next guy but HUH?
        Because somewhere a Riot accountant has shown that people who buy Smurf accounts also spend a little money on the Smurf account. One or two skins. Some chests to get BE to buy the champs they want. That adds up and “line must go up” is the Bible of capitalism.
            And where's that "somewhere"? That also directly contradicts them actively trying to combat smurfing for the past few years with varying degrees of success (smurf Q, better botted account detection etc). 

Hand leveled accounts will always be a problem but they are not nearly as big of a problem as the cheap $1 ebay accounts with a bunch of blue essence that people just give 0 fucks for and run down games with before buying another one.
                “Somewhere” is presumably Riot HQ. I could wrongly assume that’s where they keep the accountants?
                    "Somewhere", as in, give a source of said Riot accountant (presumably not a disgruntled ex-employee) sharing that info bruh
        It is easier to shit on Riot than it is to admit getting rid of smurfing is difficult
            >  getting rid of smurfing is difficult

Only if you care about finances over your actual customers.
        thats partly right. did they explained what cases of smurfing they meant? like the one dia guy duoing with his bronze friend with his own hand-leveled bronze alt account aka smurf. or did they meant bot-farmers and multi account sellers that use suspecious tools? or did they meant both?

no matter what they try to target, vanguard comes 10 years to late imo. simply because the market is already flooded. all that might change is the time that bot farmers require to level-up enough accounts (by hand) now - the market of it will probably only see a small fold for a short time. the market is already saturated. to really make a big feelable change riot would need to spoof not only the dealer, but banning the one's that buy those "alt accounts" frequently too. which won't happen.

somehow thinking further about it; its funny how smurfing kinda feels like talking about drugs because its (partly) forbidden and thrives money left and right...
            > thats partly right. did they explained what cases of smurfing they meant?

https://www.leagueoflegends.com/en-us/news/dev/dev-vanguard-x-lol/

Here's the post that pretty much explains what they hope to accomplish with Vanguard.

Like I said in a different comment, I don't think some dia guy smurfing with a hand leveled account is nearly as much of a problem as people who buy $1 ebay accounts that they do not care for because they can just pay $1 for another one. 

IF Vanguard works like riot hopes it does it might be great for the future of the game. But I agree its a few years late and Riot knows this too. The amount of stock the botters have must be pretty insane currently. Recent accounts, however, get banned relatively quickly if they're not handleveled although a lot of them slip through the cracks.
nice, now when are they getting rid of the bullshit matchmaking when u duo in ranked
What a shit frankenstein solution instead of just folding and moving away from invisible MMR. Just MMR = Visual rank it's not that hard man.
    But then it would expose their Engagement Optimized Match Making.
Will this cause elo deflation?
Man I'm going crazy with these super awkward work-arounds. 

It seems like they aren't able to change any core mechanisms in this cluster-fuck of a ranked system without breaking it, so all they do is tweaking numbers. 

People's rankings get messed up by demotion shields? Just let them demote with overlapping LP loss, what is that -50 bullshit. 

You have a problem with smurfs ruining low-mid elo rankeds? Maybe tying fresh acc MMR to fucking ARAM isn't the answer. Just make them play 50-100 SR PvP games before being able to queue ranked.
    i dont want bots in my normals.
        vanguard gets rid of them hopefully
Whoa woah woah, how am I supposed to blame my teammates for keeping me hardstuck in emerald now?
    Don't worry Reddit will still find a way to blame anything but themselves.
I would personally still implement a minimal normal game count before the account can access ranked games. If a person is a legit new player, then playing, let's say, 50 normal games before accessing ranked would not be a problem at all.

During those 50 games player would learn more about the game, try different roles and champions. Would overall get better knowledge about the game. No downside here at all imo!
    Such a simple thing and Riot makes it seem like we asked to cure cancer. But fuck us, right
    10 should be more than enough, as long as it s normal SR. It will instantly reflect if it's a bot/new player/smurf and cpuld make the seeding more easier.
Well, this is the problem I've encountered. I've been wondering why my matches have been feeling more fun and intense lately, let alone everyone being evenly matched in their stats. I've been winning more too... but also still losing 35 LP for losses, and gaining only 15 per win. I lost so many matches when it placed me in Gold 1, and I kept being outmatched. This is also my first time, ever, playing ranked. I always played Normal Draft.
Because we can't change visual rang easy you will get negative lp like bro just remove the stupid visual rank and give us only the matchmaking mmr jesus christ can everyone please complain so it happens only way they listen.
Idk if it's worth but, you can be sure as hell that new players will quit ranking once they see no progress after wining 2 games and losing 1.
    for me personally its not always about gaining LP but just for experience of a serious game with no trolls and just enjoiying all 10 people playing to win, that said, even in ranked i still experience people refusing to communicate/not playing with the team and its sad

that's why i just play arams now
    New players wont play ranked until a lot of normal games.
Most of level 30 ranked players are bronze/silver mains. They will be placed where they deserve to be.
    Legit. Don’t know how my MMR got screwed so bad but after my first 5 ranked games now I’m gaining +11LP but losing -33LP like this post says. At this point I don’t even bother with ranked. I suspect a lot of people had that bug, not just “1 or 2”. I can’t be the 1 or 2 he was talking about….statistically unlikely.
Every one of these ranked update posts rings hollow as they keep ignoring the elephant in the room.
    This post explicitly is targeted at smurf accounts...idk how you didnt understand this.

 By starting smurf accounts lower in mmr you:

1. Don't place silver/gold/plat players who buy a smurf account into emerald, but rather start them at the floor and make them earn the previous starting mmr.

2. Place higher ranking players at a lower starting point when they buy a smurf account.

Both of these things disincentivize players from smurfing. If im a gold player I can't get an instant mmr boost by buying an account. If i'm diamond I have to play an extra 20-30 games to be at the old starting point, which is boring so i'm less likely to do so.

I say this as a diamond player with 10+ accounts and starting in high plat with quick gains is comfy. No shot am i smurfing or creating new accounts as frequently if i have to play an extra 30 games to get to the old starting point.

Currently for a diamond player when creating a new account you get 2-3 easy games then quickly are in like ~75-80% as competitive lobbies as your main. If it takes 40 games to get to that ~75-80% competitive lobby as main, that sounds so fucking boring and would imagine diamond players smurf less.
    what? That they are holding you back and you deserve challenger?
        Alt accounts, but go off queen, get your snark in 💅
            They addressed alt accounts in their Vanguard post. Basically, once Vanguard is installed the PC will be tied to the player, more robust than simple HWID. (They don't just use a single metric.)

They even specifically called out smurfs saying that if someone gets/starts an alt account, they will know it's a regular player and handle them accordingly. This will suck for people sharing their computer (and they have a different metric for other countries with PC bangs, etc.) but overall it'll be an improvement on western servers, where it's usually 1 player per computer.

They even mentioned specifically players playing on separate accounts to play with lower ranked players, the "unfairly" gaining rank. I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, assuming they're using the same computer.

I'm a little dubious still, but will still wait and see how it pans out.
                cant wait honestly, my last 5 game in d1 were decided by who had the best level 30 adc lol, win or loss
                    Now imagine how us low elo players feel on our lvl 200 main suddenly getting wiped by a lvl 52 Vayne.
                        Probably the exact same way it does for me, fackin awful lol, never add an alt and i hate all smurfs🗣
                    If u you let your games be decided by adcs its doomed anyway lol
                > I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, 

And what does this actually achieve? Will his gold account get Master MMR without playing or what are they implying here?
                    Yes this is what has been implied. 

However they made it clear that this is something Vanguard would make possible, eventualy. It won't be working as soon as Vanguard comes out.
                    Yes. There are literally Twitch streamers who offer to boost your account to Diamond if you tier 3 subscribe or redeem enough channel points.
                wouldn't that metric then work for example against pro's or are they excluded? I point that out because of their atricious queue timers that would be even longer after vanguard then, not only thinking about a pro dodging a match and then swapping to their alt. or do they exclude the top200 players somehow, as that would really hurt their waiting times - not even on their original but on all their alts equally. simply because enough high elo couldn't do the switcheroo anymore. 

I ask because I didn't knew that vanguard goes this deep as it would contradict other stuff (that for high elo).
                That can help with placing the new account more accurately, but does it address being able to hop on that new account to evade bans and dodge timers? They haven’t taken a stance on how many accounts a player is allowed for example.
                    multiple accounts are allowed. they even celebrated tyler1 smurfing on 5 accounts to challenger.
                        Yes it’s unreal how blatant the streaming community is about it lol
                    Multiple accounts is fine to me. It’s that someone can go from their Emerald to a Bronze and ruin multiple games for people. With Vanguard tracking hopefully that hardware ID will limit this jumping.
Meanwhile my 13 year old account went 8/2 last year and got placed in silver 2. Fuck your system.
    Yeah same, but I got into bronze. I'm not very good so it's fine and might deserve it here but why is my friend, who just started league, placed directly into plat after our first hard lose together? He was crazily overwhelmed and was definitely not ready to face plat/emerald players and teammates flaming us for being bad. Made my friend actually not want to play the game anymore.
        It's a proven thing, the more established your account is the less your gains are. It's an odd thing. Doesn't affect me much, I really only jump on the rift if friends are begging. I'm an ex-support aram only player. I don't really give a shit. It's just funny when you go 8/2 and are told you're silver
    So? It should be way to easy too climb if you’ve been playing the game for 13 years…
        Nah, I've never climbed. I have my silver 1 season 1 emblem that I rock to this day. The fact of the matter is that for people who actually care, the older your account is the more you're totally fucked by the rank system. I never really played more than 15-20 matches of ranked in any given season. I'm not all that competitive. It just sucks for other people who really care.
            I don’t understand why would they be fucked? If you’ve only played 200 games of ranked then you’re silver player lol. Maybe even bronze.
                That's totally possible, like I said I've never even taken the time to climb. All I do know is that as your account ages your gains become less, this is a factual proven thing. It's been a reoccurring issue every season. I personally don't care. I'm almost 99% aram unless I get friends to force me to play on the rift. Really...not a big deal for me but I am aware.
                    Yes you’re right about that. The old accounts don’t well on gains.
                        and therefor indirectly encourages *what exactly*? I think you know it hopefully.

its a redundant system in the lower ranks. basically it would be better if the whole system would take cpm/apm of other sr modes to evaluate a true skill mmr with the information. which will never happen.
                            I don’t think so actually. Summoners rift is a far different game. My friend is an Aram warrior himself. He’s always like bro I have all these plat and emerald players in my games. And meanwhile he’s never left bronze in ranked because he doesn’t get the basic macro of the game.
            So you don't care and don't play ranked...but "fuck your system" and are complaining about it...even though you don't use it or want to use it? Wild. You dont get to be X desired rank by playing 15 games a year, that's not how this works. You have to earn it by playing.

"Fuck your system" is something I would reserve a system where players who play 15 games a season and get diamond (or their desired rank).
    every year i do only my placements on my 10 year old account. it has steadily gained mmr so that this split I was placed E1 the first game and was D3 by the end of placements. previous split was mid emerald, and before that low plat
"Smurfing isn't accessible enough for the lower skill players so to motivate even bad players to Smurf we make Smurf accounts ruin Silver Elo"

Emerald had their year of pain, time for Silver's year of pain, let's see who's next.
So what happen if i have an account gold from s2023 s1 playing against emerald ( estimated hidden mmr from X website is emerald 2 ) ? I didnt rank on that account since then. ( was playing against diamond player on that account cause there was no emerald back then )
Negative LP gains, AKA LP losses?
Surprised they had the balls to give incorrectly placed players +15/-35 rather than keep them in the wrong games, good choice.
Fuck this game is going to get worse long before it gets better.
Buff quinn
About to see a mass exodus from Emerald.
So ARAMs will factor in to ranked seeding?
Crazy idea, why not have new accounts play on a parallel server where they only face other new/unranked accounts? And after let’s say 10-20 games or whatever number, based on how they performed, they get placed in our current server with their appropriate rank. Beginner players would get destroyed more than now in the start, but smurfs wouldn’t ruin the queue for everyone else. To make the experience a bit better for the true beginners, maybe there could be a little informational video before the first game that lets them know that 1) they WILL LOSE 2) it is okay because they are new and they might meet some smurfs if they are unlucky 3) focus on learning over winning 4) if you show good morale despite your losses, you get three random skins yay!

Why wouldn’t something like this be a good solution? Sure the queue times would be longer but it would be temporary, and if the waiting time were too extreme maybe they could get matched with the current players now and then as a bandaid
They need to change whoever in charge of this seeding system. Plat/emerald was bad before but this is beyond playable.
I had something strange happen on my fresh self leveled smurf account last week. I made a new acc to play with my friends who just recently started playing league.


After I got level 30, I started also playing soloQ on that account on a new role I haven't really played before. After my placement games my LP gains and loses were normal. However, the next day, for some reason I was placed with much lower ranked players. I was E4 but got matched with P4's all of the sudden. My LP gains started being +10, like WTF??? I didn't lose any games at this MMR so I dont know how much I wouldve lost. It went on for like 5 games after which I got +20 for wins again. 


At the time when it startwd I was at like 5 wins and 2 loses which makes no sense. Could this be the reason why my acc was so fked last week? 
New player = fresh mmr = silver 4, the end.

How hard is this ? If smurf, he will climb fast. If not, its average.
I'm sorry but new players neither belong in plat/emerald nor.in silver 4.
Ffs let new players start in iron 4 and rank their way up.
Also do something about smurfs. Half my lobbies are new accounts of people kinda in this elo (plat) but I just faced a duoq high elo smurf botlane cait lux who destroyed the whole game by steamrolling everyone. Both lvl 32 with 100% wr in 10 games.
Weird, I'm still getting placed in bronze but I'm clearly gold duh. How do I get this new account boost placement?
this doesn't help anyone you gonna get these boosted lvl 30 players in ur games because they got lucky and won one match
When will they start banning obvious trolls like the volibear who fucks up 2 ganks and then dances in fountain for the rest of the game? Or the smite flash ezreal support who starts with a fuckin Dorans shield (and has been doing it 7 games in a row today)? Or how about the top akshan who dies once and then sits invisible behind bot bushes to steal kills effectively just giving his entire lane to an AAtrox. When will these people see bans. Because of the 10 games I played between today and yesterday, that was actually 3 of them.
So im not going crazy that i had +30 -20 gains pre patch that suddenly went to +18 -31, crazy
    You mention below your account was emerald last season. Based on what he said, the change was only for “new to ranked” accounts which I’m assuming a previously-Emerald account would not be lol.
    well this is good news isn't it then, you are going to get to your actual skill level much faster rather than getting stomped every game.

If you think you deserve your current inflated rank you can just win more than you lose to raise your mmr
        the problem is the account is plat almost emerald, emerald last season, and i was  maintaining like 65% wr, it was like 50 games worth

i was not getting stomped every game, don't be passive aggressive saying im bad
            Apparently you are bad though your LP literally is telling you you aren't good enough for your rank
            >I wasn't losing every game

>+18/-31

Pick one, you don't get both
            post your op.gg and evidence of +18 - 31 then
                He wont. It's crazy to me how normalized blaming the ranked algorithm is on here compared to every other stock cope excuse, when at the end of the day, nobody that wins more than they lose worries about lp gains
                    just another version of the same old elo hell excuse that has been around since the beginning of the game. It gets a new coat of paint with a new name and more sophisticated window dressing every few years, but its the same old idea.
            i dropped my acc down to silver 2 by playing random shit (started gold 2 climb p2 then fall of s2 by spamming zeri ap mid)

i had 47% win rate at some point, i climb back to P1 and i get +28 -25 with a 50% win rate on 500 games

so how do you get so low lp with that much wr
Wish they’d just ban smurfs.. constant little changes to ranked that just mess more with the formula. Ranked has felt absolutely horrible for the past couple years as a result.
Congratulations to Riot on doing the absolute bare minimum once again.
Yes i am Gold 1 +12 and -37 straight of the placements.
> Because we can't change visual ranks easily, all new to Ranked players will be playing in games more appropriate for their skill level.

Hmm, if only there was a system the game uses behind the scenes that assigns a number based on a scale that determines your rank.. if only we could see that number.
    You can, any game tracking site, op.gg/u.gg/lol.gg shows you your tier avg which is your hidden mmr
        Not necessarily tho
        ...No
So basically fresh unranked accounts that were playing in Plat games or whatever are suddenly going to get like, 50 games in a row of +15/-35?
What is this guy talking about?
How old lp gain was "correct" when there were level 30 iron/bronze performance players in every second gold-emerald game?
How is elo inflation is a correct thing? Why is it "correct" for a complete beginner to play 50 losing games vs plat players? What is correct in it for you?
Also his  words are not clear either.
Now new accounts start silver4 baseline and in transition (10 placement games) they gain negative lp gain? But normals also counts toward ranked mmr?
What if a bronze performance new accout plays with diamond friend In normals? Bronze guy will be placed to emerald again? What if the new guys wins 10 normal games with 10 lose? Where he will be placed?
Sadge
If i lose a ranked match and lose 35 LP, someone is going to get hurt
    something tells me the only person you could hurt is yourself.
    You shouldn’t have this issue if you’re not making a new account and playing during this period.
    If you lose 35LP, you were not at the elo you were supposed to be at.
    No please don’t hurt your waifu! It’s just pillow man.
if its a smurf it will be in emerald if it isnt then it wont
    problem is currently emerald is hell with every lvl 30 account getting turbo boosted to emerald because of how much free lp they get and its a shit show.  

I hope one day riot brings back smurf queue and let the smurfs cry on social media with their infinite queue timer, rankeds were a lot better
        Any real smurf is actually playing 5-10 normals games so they can start in high emerald/diamond mmr

I know it is frusturating as the people on fresh accs do not care about ToS and make alot of queues hell, but I would assume most of them are emerald players making a new acc to try and get better LP gains
            Many of them are players who want to have a better win percentage or easy games for a bit, so they want to start low elo and get a handful of free wins before they get corrected.
                I come across the occasional fresh acc that's actually a smurf but most of the fresh accs I play with in emerald clearly don't belong there. I'd say like 90% of them are the "I'm gold but I play like diamond" types of people
                If someone WANTS to play more games in a shitshow mmr just to have better winrate they're mentally ill.
                    No, simply the feeling to exert power over others. Very basic concept of humanity.
            I know a lot of people who can't hit master normally basically farm these accounts and try to get lucky and hit a win streak early, so that they can ride the inflated LP gains to master. The sad thing is, it works.
                for real.. some of the people i know who peak master and when i think about their level of play it is a bit absurd and i feel bad for their random teammates lol
                True... but you cant just be a plat/emerald player and ride inflated LP gains to masters. I would assume you have a massive leg up on other diamonds but there is just too much parity now to not get exposed in the ~30/40 games it takes to get there
                    Oh yeah I am not talking about them, I am talking about the D3 hardstuck that plays on 5 accounts until he gets a lucky 12 game winstreak on one of them
            There are quite a few people making new accounts to boost their peak rank from iron to emerald for a short time
        I'd be fine with smurfQ if they would actually make it work properly. I mean, my 12+ year old account that I consistently play on would somehow end up in smurfQ whenever I went on a big win streak...
        Vanguard fixes that somewhat theoretically because they can’t buy the super cheap botted accounts anymore. They need hand leveled accounts. Which likely means they played normals or something which will hopefully slingshot their mmr. 
            Why?
                Vanguard will make it harder (probably not impossible) to bot without getting banned, meaning a lower supply of bot-leveled cheap smurf accounts. Therefor the price of those accounts will increase in price due to supply and demand shenanigans
                    More importantly, maybe, it's supposed to identify unique PCs, so no multi-boxing/account spamming/account sharing between 'friends' on the same hardware might slow down low-effort bot farms.
                    But his speculations was that botted accounts wont be used which just isnt true is it?
                        They didn't say that though? They said *super cheap* botted accounts, specifically. They never said botted accounts won't exist at all. Or atleast that's how I interpreted it
                            Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
                                I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
                                Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
                                Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
                                $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
            These accounts already get banned super super fast, I wonder if they're actually causing as many issues as people think in the handful of games they survive
                They don’t ban these accounts because it makes their detection methods easier to find. They focus on banning accounts that are actually cheating. 
                    Also, maybe somewhat, because people who use these accounts tend to spend money. A lot of them are probably people who had their main banned, and maybe they drop $10 to buy a skin for their champ. That's a lotta extra money for Riot.
                        Given how much these accounts absolutely destroy any new player experience, I think riot isn’t super happy about those. 
                Neither me or my friends have ever gotten a single bought account banned.
        SmurfQ was just so much better and it felt like it was so much improvable still. I as a returning player was put in smurfQ and got shitstomped for like 20 games, but then I got out of it and the game quality was so much better without smurfs. Was worth it, but I'm sure they could work out a system where it doesnt happen (I think you were put in smurfQ if just your MMR and visual rank disparity were too high, or something really dumb / basic like that, rather than workout out a more complex prediction model).
        As someone who used to smurf a lot, I loved Smurf que, and it was always really competitive.
    [deleted]
        Why are you commenting if you haven't read the post? What phroxzon is talking about is "ranked seeding", which is the practice of seeding your rank with your non-ranked performance. This means that you will not start in plat/emerald by default, actually, as riot phroxzon wrote in this very post, the average new account starts in silver 4.
        objectively untrue lol
    Where did they state this?
        it is the purpose of ranked seeding
    Oh really? I was wondering why my unranked braum top inted he must be a smurf 
yep, that's the plan. Definitely want to hear if y'all see any. It's not intended to be like that. Even if they're absolutely destroying all their normal games; we don't want it to be easier to run accounts up the ranks and sell them.
    Will you be able to give us some feedback on how the ladder was affected once Vanguard becomes mandatory? Or is that something that will take some time to see actual results?
        With wild numbers like 10%+ of masters games having botting problems, I'd love to see a graph of how Vanguard changes things.
        If it is affected. Valorant has had Vanguard since the beginning and it still has cheaters.
    Can yall make a separate option to report bots? I get yuumi and sivir bots in my silver games. Honestly most of the time it’s yuumi, Taric, or sivir so you could probably just cross reference users who only play those champs.
    why do I feel like this is going to end up destroying the lower MMR ranks instead with all the smurf's being placed in silver and gold instead of emerald where they belong....
    Bring back duoq master+ on euw pls. Or increase the threshold, currently its at like high d1 at best.
    Why did SmurfQ get axed when you guys were *seemingly* using an elementary-school level prediction model for detecting smurfs? If you improve the model and prevent returning players from entering smurfQ with 30% WR over 20 games, the system can have potential.
    Please can we have a vote or a discussion on visible rank and match making rank. I know why it was added but in 2024 do we still actually need it it just causes more issues than needed.
    Any planned changes to help fix the accounts that were nuked during the transition? Going from +30/33 to +20/18 in one patch feels horrible with an 80% w/r
        While this would require more games to rank up, isn't it objectively better for you to take the more consistent +20/18?   
  
Each game you lose is also a game you didn't win. I understand with an 80% w/r this deal may not be ideal but I find it hard to speculate that you have a lot of games on your account as the system should always push you towards a 50% w/r over time (as your MMR rises).
No. Smurfs will still ruin your Emerald games. 

This will just prevent actual new unranked players from being placed way higher than they deserve (~Plat).
    Imo, although still not fun, a high elo smurf causing you to lose is more enjoyable than a legit Iron-silver player on your team causing you to lose. At least when I got completely jungle gapped by the GM talon, I could watch the replay and try and see what he was doing in situations that I missed. Much better than watching the replay and seeing the Bronze Garen miss every cs and try to 1v1 the Darius in a triple stacked minion wave.
Sounds like a shift from the previous statement, where they said it didnt exist as an issue and we just complain 
    Old system placed 50% winrate beginner accounts to gold1. People claimed some times even higher up to emerald.
I hope new system will place new 50% winrate accounts to silver4 like it was mentioned. I could start playing ranked again without rolling the dice every time who gets the bronze in the platinum matchmaking to autolose.
well Riot have made posts before around what this requires.

You would have to get a lot of different teams involved including ui and ranked teams or whatever.

All for the tiny tiny tiny number of genuinely new players who make it to 30 and want to play ranked before playing normals.

Almost every account that does this is a botted smurf
    True, but there is another option. To just give accounts who have not played enough normals to play double the placement matches. This should not be too hard of a change and needs very little work from others.

You start their ranks experience then \~0.5-1 tier lower as the +5 games make up for that.
    Surely it wouldn't be that hard to just make every new account have a required 10 SR games before having the option to queue ranked... right?
        here is their post on it 
https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Value vs number of people affected
            Riot gave you ranked restriction when you were toxic before where you had to WIN draft game to unlock ranked again, but here is this guy using a corporate post from riot to tell us that activating a 10 game ranked barrière is too hard. 

You have to be really naive to believe it's too hard to do for riot. It has NOTHING to do with the size of the company lol
                Nowhere in the post is Phroxzon saying that it would be "too hard" to implement, he literally explains that they could do it within a few months if all goes well if they wanted to. You didn't understand the point at all.

They haven't felt like a normal game requirement in order to be able to play ranked is worth the cost and resources compared to other things they're doing, that's all there is to it.
                Or you actually know how coding a video game works and realise it's a ton of work involving many departments for very little result and won't bother putting resources on it and rather put it on more important/impactful things.
                    Except this isn't coding the video game, it's a simple api call to the number of games and an in-client pop up. The simplest web dev task ever. If this is hard to implement, Riot either has managers that have ravaged its teams to a halt or bozo devs who can't do this. The cost of this SHOULD NEVER be high.
                        This would do nothing to combat botting.
                    I work in an IT company with weekly product release. So I know what it takes to do even a small change in the code, don't try to teach me what it takes.

Riot releases monthly league of legends patches but this guy believes they really can't input a GAME COUNT in the game lololololololol
                        I dont see how that would change anything to botted account but ok.

I very much doubt you are a developper.
                            Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
                                I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
                Good point.
            Honestly the most interesting part of that was finding out there's actually a client team lol

My buddies and I (who all have played the game for around 10 years) were just talking recently about how we can't remember ever thinking "wow the client works really well this patch" it just feels like it's never been in a good state

Interesting read though, few of those tasks they listed could be done really quickly but Ik it must be complicated having to keep all the international teams on the same page
            Bro that whole post reads like total BS lmao. They are literally saying "its too difficult" without really going into the details of why other than "we'd need different teams to work on it". 

Its literally just an overview of how software development (and most businesses) work in general. They could have made that exact same post about any other change that people want. What I get from reading this is that they simply rather work on other things, AKA its not a priority for them. They could have just said that.
                Yes? He is literally using the feature as an example and says specifically that? He's using it as an example to show why simple things actually take a lot of time.
                    Stop asking redditors who possibly haven't worked a single day in their life to upscale any type of work to a billion dollar company level.   
I work in a small company (<20 people) and even the slightest change has to be approved by people above me, before being approved by the finance department and finally changed.
                Unfortunately it's not bullshit, and it's not even a riot specific problem. This is an unsolved problem, coordination becomes significantly harder at scale. ALl big organisations, corporations and goverments alike, suffer from it to a significant instead. You can maybe do it a bit better than Riot, but not to a great extent.
        Since when 10 games can determine your skills anyway? If its not 30 its almost useless.
            It would mainly be to target bot accounts that only queue intro until lvl 30. If you're actually a new player and don't play any norms before ranked you should be placed in Iron 4, where you belong.
    BS.


Heroes of the storm does this just fine and they have literally 0 budget. It's an excuse.
        It's not impossible just a bureaucratic pain in the ass to implement a feature that requires cooperation from like 3 or 4 different departments to implement for minimal impact.
        they have literally 0 players so yeah those problems of scale don't really apply
            Locking ranked behind a required amount of standard games isn’t exactly a novel or complex idea
                In league the requirement was playing 100s of games to reach lvl 30 but bots kinda circumvented that
            Playerbase doesn't have anything to do with coding a system that requires you to play X amount of summoner's rift games before entering ranked.


Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
                https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
                    Yes because Riot is going to tell you the truth instead of just saying "We're too lazy to do it" or "It would actively make us less money to do this as it would discourage smurfing".



I have a bridge to sell you.
                        it's about how change in any large org works, please stop you are embarrassing yourself
                            the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
Should be required to **win** x amount of games, not play.

If it's just 'play' ppl will just bot these games and sell the account after..

Winning takes more effort since you can't use some stupid bot which will lose most of its games anyway.
They have talked about it. Simply being it would take a lot a long time to implement and more work. Guess they think they can handle it much faster with changes like this. But we will see, they could be planning on doing both.
Laziness. They could. It would be a tool to address the Smurf problem. Yet they throw business jargon at as like “ROI” and avoid accountability. They’re too big now that they don’t actually care about the player experience. Just accountants in the back saying “make line go up!”.
Riot loves examples, here's one in my plat game a few days ago. Account was leveled with a majority of ARAM games, some normals 

Placed right into plat

https://www.op.gg/summoners/na/wafflecone-jut

It's just sickening that riot allowed accounts leveled to 30 in ARAM or bot games be placed into mid plat and anyone who's had their games ruined by this can attest

another level 30 in one of my games, straight into plat

https://www.op.gg/summoners/na/jijwht-NA1
    I've literally had it happen more than once where someones first game in ranked was in my Emerald lobbies --- and these are players who had played normals with an average rank of Bronze or low Silver.

That said, I find the whole discussion and implementation of ranked distribution and quality in League really weird and out of touch from both Riot and players. In older competitive games everyone knew that the ranked ladder was of lesser quality and that's why inhouse and PUG games existed and where the more serious players(of all skills!) would play more often than not. League has no inhouse or PUG culture, so ranked has this heightened importance but still with the same lesser quality leading people to be more frustrated and less accepting of the reality. Alongside this, Riot have utterly failed to implement a basic accurate system - probably in part due to the heightened amount of complaints resulting from the previous point. Similarly, other games have way less and sometimes no restriction for new accounts entering into ranked and smurf accounts aren't treated as abusive ego-boosting things as much as they are in League. In my experience, smurf accounts are accounts to practice stuff either anonymously or something new with less pressure - with the added benefit that playing against worse people is a good way for the worse player to learn and for the better player to hone their already developed skills, assuming that both players are serious about improving. It's really weird how League, as a competitive game, has played out in terms of the mentality of the majority of players. A lot of the problems this game has are only problems because people are so wrapped up in their own heads instead of actually focused on the game and improving at it. Everyone seems to want to feel like they're treating it seriously when they're not even taking the first step and at the same time treat it and argue that it's a casual game more than a competitive game and that it's everyone else or other things that are the issue and not their own attitude toward the game.

Ultimately, this fuck up with new accounts appearing higher in the ladder than they should be is Riot's fault, but it was brought about because a lot of people complain so they constantly tweak it trying to 'perfect' it when in reality it's always going to be shit and people shouldn't care as much about the one-off dogshit quality and accept that a public ranked ladder as a whole is going to be worse in quality than inhouse and pick up games. The real fix is just putting new accounts in Silver 4 and if they perform consistently well over ten games then skyrocket them into Plat or Emerald, otherwise let them climb and drop as normal. All this while ignoring the people who complain about it because those people aren't treating the game seriously and can't see the reality of a public ranked ladder the majority of the time anyway. It's kinda shitty for those players, I guess, but it's a super basic fix that's better for the game and serious players as a whole - Riot catering to the lowest common denominator is part of the problem and has created a feedback loop of decay.
        I will never get understand why competitive games tolerate smurfing. Practicing and playing with friends should be done in normals. I’m sick of the excuses and as you put it, it’s a broken culture.
            Not sure if you're disagreeing in parts or misunderstanding, but to clarify, I highlighted that smurfing isn't a problem on its own - what is a problem is how players use it as an ego boost and not a learning tool more often than not (in League of Legends). Ultimately we shouldn't care much about smurfs *because if the ranked system is broken and/or intentionally slowed down* then they level up quickly AND we understand and accept that a public ranked ladder is inherently going to be lesser in quality.
                Brother. It’s both. I’ve snurfed my ass off in different games. Sure it’s to learn new things or try stuff but it’s also partly because it’s fun to stomp and feels good to be the carry. 

We can’t have an honest conversation where people pretend that smurfing is purely practice. Practice on your main with your rank on the line or play fucking normals.  It’s fun to boost your friends. I get all that but it doesn’t make it right. Hard stop.

I don’t care what you’re practicing. You don’t lose your game sense and abilities because you change accounts.
                    I agree with you. The argument “it allows the worse player to learn from playing vs the Smurf” can only be true when the Smurf is of similar level (ex- plat smurf, gold other player). If the smurf is spacing the other player impeccably, csing well, having good back timers, pushing waves in order to achieve macro goals, jng tracking etc, there’s a pretty severe limit to what the gold player could learn from being stomped that soundly.
        the ladder in itself is probably redundant after more then a decade, but that stems from the game being a massive online pvp platform. the part that riot lost long ago is entegrity of said ladder. that comes from not handing out enough ban's over the course of time or not implementing something similar like vanguard earlier (even if the bots would've been handleveld then all along).

the prob with league is, your success in climbing or winning can be calculated (levelofskill + time) and just needs a handful of (hard to master) requirements. if you master those things like leeching in a duo for example you have the possibility to thrive a few bucks out of it. be it bad things like smurfing, acc leveling, betting or the good stuff streaming, coaching (giving player advice by watching replays, not logging on). so all that the real game turns around are the players that reach that sweet spot were you're able to even earn a buck. thats basically 3% of the whole ladder if I'm not wrong. instead of looking for those people's ip/hwid (as they're even known by riot) for example if they go on the riot streaming business - riot refuses to administrate such things. they don't have either the bad nor the good guys that play the game on their screen. they can kinda do whatever they want. 

all I want to say here is that vanguard will probably change nothing (regarding leveling alt-accounts). maybe a small decrease in asian countrysides but I doubt. simply because the bot accounts are already leveld and those are many. even if we see a massive banwave right after vanguard release (which I refuse to believe going to happen bec of false positives) would only solve one chunk of the problem. simply because you can expect that handleveling will make a huge comeback. lowering entrance matches to 10 and you could've never brought up vanguard at all. all you need to be successful seller was great skill and lots and lots of time (to pump matches). basically only a few low level throw away accounts will be rarer or similar expensive like silver/golds then.

the prob where all of this stems from is that riot doesn't understand what a referee is (when every player is in a competitive environment). the esl had the same thought back then, and tried to deliver it with having at least admins for their competitive games. even that wasn't perfect but the ladder webpage was clear and showed everyone kind of. the client doesn't have any of theose feature that the esl had (for dota1 e.g.) and it lacks any admin service after all. clash kinda proves this every now and then. league's competitive integrity is really low to non existent as the playersize is simply to big, account creating and infesting is a basic and not looking over things like this inflates the whole game slowly but surely. to a point that ranks alltogether gonna lose their meaning, despite maybe the top200-300 players that riot could always figure out beforehand.
    "Some normals" Dude dropped 30 kills on those normals vs golds and emeralds. I'm sure he should've been placed in silver. Do your research before being ooga booga.
        In none of those games did he get 30 kills against golds and emeralds? The only time they performed was when the enemy team was bronze or silver mix
            [https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8](https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8)  
I guess you're right.
    Plat is average though. Thats where you are supposed to start in a ranked game.
        Gold 3 would be about average according to the data on leagueofgraphs. And I would argue a ranked system should place you somewhere below average on default. So somewhere in Silver is a good starting point.
In theory, the supply of botted accounts should eventually dry up.  

And then I guess we might see the rise of *Hand-raised free range organic level 30 accounts*?
    The thing is hand leveled accounts will alwyas be a lot more expensive which makes people less likely to buy them so riot probably don’t think most people who buys Smurfs now will buy them after the price goes up
        you underestimate how degenerate and addicted smurfs are
            I know some will, but I personally only bought a Smurf once to help a friend put of bronze cause it was dirt cheap. Once they cost more than 10 bucks a lot of people will stop getting them
            U won’t see people acting the same way when the accounts will cost 10-20 dollars compared to 1-2 since now if they get banned suddenly it’s 20-40 dollars spent if they want another Smurf instead of 2-4 dollars it’s just simple logic that this change will = less Smurfs and less toxic Smurfs and yes right now that is about the price of hand leveled accounts last time I checked.
        There's MacOS and I'm sure they'll eventually find a way to do it on Windows as well. I personally don't think Vanguard is being implemented to combat botting or smurfing, because the other available solutions are so glaringly obvious and simple, that we'll know when they're serious about it.
            It's a happy side effect.  

If asking for government IDs is your easy solution, I have some very bad news for you.
                Well it's time for the USA to get on board and issue national IDs.
            And what solutions are those? Serious question.
                I would assume one of them is only allowing people one account per person by introducing phone verification for accounts like how its done in clash already

That wouldnt really solve anything since anyone whos remotely motivated can circumvent it easily enough but that is one of those solutions that is often parroted as the holy grail on this sub
                    Phone verification is trivially easy to bypass. It will at most raise bot prices by around 50 cents
                        VOIPs are filtered by a lot of signup pages now.
                        phone number verification that requires a reply verification.

couple that with email verification to cross two forms of verification.

require both for password changes.

you could go even further with ID verification for accounts "for age reasons".

this would be significant enough of a hurdle to hamstring botted accounts. It does come at the expense of new players barrier to entry though.
                            Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
                            You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
                                That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
                    Can’t really do that for places like eu since they have to follow the different laws and policy’s of the countries the only reason why Korea and china has it is bcs of their government enforcing it I belive 
                    [deleted]
                        As we should.
                            Preach King
            I'd love to hear your "glaringly obvious and simple" ideas as well. If you're talking about hardware bans, that's addressed directly in the Vanguard article (TLDR: too easy to fake hardware ID, Vanguard might help mitigate this).
            Botting is scripting... Except it's even easier to detect. So you are just wrong. If they are going after scripters that includes all the bots as well. And no reason not to ban them. They already do that currently just not that well.
                "easier to detect" yet they need Vanguard to detect it. It is still hard to detect a bot. It would be easier to not allow players to have multiple accounts, but riot for some reason wants to combat smurfing while allowing smurfing
                    And how exactly is it easier to disallow smurfing on its own? If I level 2 or 3 accounts myself and play on them there is not much they can do, I can always tell them it is me and my siblings playing on the same machine. But detecting and banning accounts which are clearly only used to level up fast and sell illegally should be much easier, as there are a lot of patterns they can use to detect this.
                        1. Introduce mandatory 2FA. You wouldn't be able to have multiple accounts while having just one phone number. 
2. As you said, smurfs would need to level those accounts by hand, not buy it, as HWID would detect that the account is not created by them. 
3. Ban for smurfing - while it doesn't make easier to detect such accounts, it would disencourage people to do so.
4. It is obvious for streamers that they play on a smurf account, so in that case it would be better.

That's it, nothing super complicated. DOTA fights smurfs and it seems like there is an effect of doing so, so I don't see a reason why LOL wouldn't do it
            I like the theory that Riot doesn't want to get rid of botter accounts because it boosts their player count numbers.
                Riot literally has an API that allows you to grab the numbers of ranked games played each patch, e.g. Lolalytics. General player numbers aren't visible for various reasons (such as bot numbers potentially inflating them and pingponging up and down due to ban waves) but the people who actually have access to the player count numbers aren't going to be stupid enough to pretend bots don't exist.
    I was joking with my GF about buying up all the hand levelled accounts on the market now and selling them when the supply goes down because eventually the supply will dry up and they'll be worth more.

All jokes aside, I think that hand levelled accounts will be the only option because if they somehow pass Vanguard and start botting accounts again, Riot will eventually ban them. With Vanguard that means a HWID to the person that bought the botted account and now your customer base is angry
        Botting itself will be much harder to go, since rn you can lend a servers and do 32 virtual machines at once, after vanguard 1 pc = 1 game client. 
            Back to the old Strat of having some Indian dudes level your accounts for a fraction of what you sell them for
                The indian dude will still want to get 1-2€ per hour, let's say he plays on 3 accs at the same time, and let's assume it takes 50 hours per acc that means accs will cost at least 15-20€
                    handleveled acc already cost more than that
                        TBF that's because there's no market for them because of botted accounts. IF botted accounts are impossible, you'll see farms in Venezuela with rooms of 50 computers where Grandmothers and 8 year olds are playing on 3 accounts at once speed running intro bots.
    for a massive game as league, i'd assume botters would just innovate another way.

Vanguard is not invincible.
        The entire point of selling mass botted accounts is making money in the fastest most painless way possible.  

If it's too much of a pain in the ass/not profitable enough, the average botters will do the most logical action.   
Move to the next best thing.
    But wont hand leveled accounts also be much easier for Riot to detect and ban? I mean the account is leveled to 30 on one machine which is used to play on many different low level accounts and then suddenly used on another machine, which is used to play on at least one other account. If Riot really wants to combat smurfs Vanguard should really make a big difference there.
        If Riot actually cared. Yes, this would be an obvious flag for observation. But they don’t care
        I don't think they care that much because a percentage of sold accounts also spend money on skins/champs. People willing to spend money on an account (even if its $2-3) are probably more likely to spend money on skins/champs.
        nope as they don't hog hardware id nor ip's of any players. plus they don't ban anyone based on this because of écafe's and pc-bang's. they encourage multi account creation sort of and have only a few admins looking only into high elo matches as samplesize. vanguard combats and tracks just suspicious tools on your pc and comparing those frequently with a list of marketed cheats, thats basically all of it. everything else would contradict their own company marketing goals more or less.
    I wonder how many accounts someone can hand level. I imagine you can probably hand level at least 2, but my guess if that 4 or 5 hand leveled accounts against intro bots is doable, maybe more. Hand level a bunch of accounts, on top of paying poverty wages in third world country that are low, I wonder if the economics make sense for it to be worth doing. 

I'd bet another expensive thing would be initial computer costs cause with vanguard, you probably wont be able to just run a VM on one computer with a million clients. You'd need a bunch of individual computers.
        Super easy to raise 2 at the same time. Buy Yuumi and level an ADC. I can get to Lv30 in a day and I play Support/JG. If I hard carry a bot lane, I can do it more quickly
            can't believe I forgot about yuumi. Yeah, yuumi makes things much easier
                Yet another reason that shit champ shouldn’t exist.
            30 in a day? Wtf
            In a Day ? Last time i had leveled it took me a month lol
            How can you reach lvl 30 in a day? At least without xp boost that sounds impossible
    Hand raised accounts would still be flagged by their hardware ID and should be easier to ban when sold.
        They already get flagged up by the drastic change in IP and player activity - they choose to not police hand leveled accounts for the most part cause they're less problematic.
            Also because those players probably spend money on the game. The people willing to spend $3 on an account are probably more likely than the average player to spend money on RP.
I will see it when I believe it. I've only had a single ARAM game leveling up a new account that hasn't had at least 2 bots in it. Some are as bad as having 4 bots per team.
What people don't seem to get is vanguard knows your Mac address it knows what accounts are playing on what computer and as such will likely just rank you on the highest elo achieved. So say I am a challenge jungler I start a new account or by one w/e vanguard knows this as it can see my instances of logged in accounts it also knows of I am a VPN. It will then just assume I a chall jungle main and match me accordingly even on a new account. I think this was riots aim with it it serves as smurf buster and Chester deterrent.
    Maybe. Gotta remember there are families who share the computer with each other. And pc cafes and such
    Guarantee you RiotGames engineer department CANNOT do this. It takes more than software to properly map behavior to identity and the implementation details are a nightmare.

I worked for Meta and the team that created an Uber group identity for multiple Meta accounts and we have better engineers than they do BY FAR. Its a very hard problem. Data quality becomes critical and no one does it well.
Nah true silver and golds are nowhere as invested into league to just go and buy new accounts for fun (well most of them). Most smurfs are actually like emerald
    Literally have a gold friend that is on his 10th account. He buys it. Places in emerald and then drops the account once he gets to gold. I don't know why you are even surprised. So many people cried about new accounts being a "cheat code" or that negative LP gains are holding them in "elo hell". All claiming that they don't deserve to be silver/gold and they can "prove it" and then go on to claim how they placed emerald on a smurf. Then if you tell them what happens to the account if they play 100 games, they never respond but they still have a cult of other idiots who upvote them and claim the same thing.

> Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally.

The irony is that my friend has been better. He's been plat. Meanwhile now he is now hardstuck gold(which is old silver) because he is omega tilted and instead of limiting champ pool and trying to improve, he's buying new accounts and playing new champ every game while being on full auto pilot. You are just making the assumption that he'd just put in the hours and improve but why would he do that when he can just get there without any effort. Just overall I don't know how you came to the conclusions that you did. There's far too many low elo players constantly buying accounts and like the other person said this has been the advice of hardstuck players for the last few years. And I'm not even talking only about him. My plat/emerald friends are constantly complaining about it and it's very easy to check that they do indeed play with or against a lot of "smurfs" that clearly aren't smurfs but just low elo people who bought a botted account.
    the overwhelming dumb advice for like a year+ now to every hardstuck player is to abuse new player mmr, there are absolutely tons of really bad players on smurf accounts
        But was it wrong? wasnt fresh acc mmr the best optimal way to climb , yes not in the long run if you suck and are boosted but in short income? yes it was so the problem is from the root of this ranking system and not ppl trying to find placebo
            Making/buying a new account playing 5 games to get seeded much higher and never playing on that account for barging rights isn't climbing(which will instantly get called out). It's just a huge waste of time.
            Yes it is wrong. Unless your sole goal is to reach say plat IV or Emerald IV and then sit on your hands.

You wont improve, you are still the same skill as always. New MMR can make you reach a bit higher or way lower depending on you get a lucky streak or not. And while a silver player might actually reach emerald IV if they are insanely lucky and get carried a lot in their first games, they will drop if they keep playing. Because guess why, they are silver players.

But yeah, if you just want to stop at E4 and play normals and brag about some worthless rating then go for it. Then it works. But you wont climb anything meaningful.
        It's not wrong though. Riot has literally admitted they "settle" old accounts and make it harder to gain rank even if your skill level increases. Nobody should have their accounts become artificially hardstuck in an ever changing game like League.
            practically no one -really- improves fast enough for this to matter.

It's only a soft effect, if I as a master tier player went on a gold players 10 season in a row gold account and played at a 90% win rate, it would barely take more games to reach diamond than doing so on a new account
        You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally. Most players still in silver just don't care. A few will buy accounts just for the thrill of higher placement sure, but the vast majority of the smurf activity is conducted by emeralds where players really start to plateau despite tryharding

Edit: bunch of emeralds mad
            > You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally

And you are underestimating them lol. There are *thousands* of low elo players who very much do care about their rank but cant climb, it has been one of the main things of the ranked community since the existence of the game lmao. I guess you werent around when the forums were still up where you would get 10-20 rage posts by low elo players how they couldnt climb every single day.
                Old silver and gold have inflated to platinum by now. Current silver is just players who don't care or if fhey care they haven't committed to the real grind yet (they play like 30 champions across all 5 roles and with wacky builds)
    Lol you don’t understand how long it takes someone to hit gold as a new player. There’s an immense amount of game knowledge you need to play this game.  There are people that play this game for a decade + in gold.
    I have a friend that was never gold that had like 12 accounts (kept buying them) way back before I even made a 2nd account.
    Anecdotally, gotta hard disagree. Rank has nothing to do with how invested a player is. There's plenty of players that want to get better, but don't want to put in the boring work. That's not a measure of investment, just patience.

From the people in my friend group, ik more <plat players that get new accs because they think a 'fresh start' is all they need to get to their 'true elo'. While the higher ranked players usually only have 1 smurf, for the sake of low queue times.
        the dev's encouraged that thinking and its basically true. just think about the 'news' of smurf queue a year or so ago. if you had a long existent account (no matter your played mmr) you would easily put into the smurf detection treadmill without any further reasoning by riot. that just yells *"level/buy an fresh alt account and climb!!"* to me more then anything else would and they basically approved it that way.
Please do this \^ 

This would legit solve the damn inflation we've been having for years now, just hard reset the mmr of all accounts once per season and keep the regular soft resets in between splits. Can't be elo inflated if you need to climb from scratch once a year, master+ will be a much nicer place when we go back to 2k ppl instead of 30k.

Also applies to diamond and emerald obviously, those brackets would finally become what they should be instead of a mixture of everything between silver and diamond put together.
    Yeah no one wants a hard reset that would be the most disgusting unbalanced matches
Honestly the game needs it. A full MMR reset of literally every account in existence back to zero. Sure it will be chaos in the first weeks but eventually it will even out and be  better than now.
New players have to hit lvl 30 before ranked. That’s a lot of games.
    A lot of games, and you can play all of them in modes that do not reflect the "ranked but without points" experience. Does that make sense to you? It's not a coincidence that they let you level up accounts in modes that can easily be botted without incurring in many human players' reports. It's to please the smurfs
        >hey boss this guy did 1-30 on aram and is queuing up for ranked SR

>seems legit, let him through
            Oh well but he played so many arams! He must have learned something about summoners rift am I right?
                eh, they can figure out the map quick enough. Learning what all the champions do is significantly more time consuming.
                    You are kidding, right?
                        No not at all. If someone hit level 30 in arams only they will completely destroy some random new player that is level 5 only playing summoners rift. 

Odds are they will play atleast a few summoners rift games before going into ranked. They'll be fine. Either way they are going to get destroyed and placed in potato elo.
                            Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
                                It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
        All modes can easily be botted
            >in modes that can easily be botted **without incurring in many human players' reports**

Just finish reading the sentence. You can do it.

Of course you can run bots in every mode. Even ranked. But doing that will mean 4 reports per game at minimum and a ban along the way.
        > It's not a coincidence that they let you level up accounts in modes that can easily be botted without incurring in many human players' reports. It's to please the smurfs

It is so that players only playing in ARAM and other fun modes can level up and buy new champions and the few cosmetics things you get.
            You can have both. Level up accounts in all modes and have a normal games requirement for ranked.

If you're worried about total number of games, make lvl 25 + X amount of normal games (those nornallly necessary to reach lvl 30) the new requirement for unlocking ranked. It's that simple.
    Bought accounts don't do this in normal
        Yes but those are not new players. They’re smurfs
            Yes, exactly, those are the people that the x normal games rule is supposed to target
    And they mean 25% if there aram games
>  They just know it would make smurfs mad because they can't go shit on silvers quickly enough.

Why would riot be afraid of angering the smurfs after they said one of their goals with Vanguard is to combat smurfing? I love shitting on Riot as much as the next guy but HUH?
    Because somewhere a Riot accountant has shown that people who buy Smurf accounts also spend a little money on the Smurf account. One or two skins. Some chests to get BE to buy the champs they want. That adds up and “line must go up” is the Bible of capitalism.
        And where's that "somewhere"? That also directly contradicts them actively trying to combat smurfing for the past few years with varying degrees of success (smurf Q, better botted account detection etc). 

Hand leveled accounts will always be a problem but they are not nearly as big of a problem as the cheap $1 ebay accounts with a bunch of blue essence that people just give 0 fucks for and run down games with before buying another one.
            “Somewhere” is presumably Riot HQ. I could wrongly assume that’s where they keep the accountants?
                "Somewhere", as in, give a source of said Riot accountant (presumably not a disgruntled ex-employee) sharing that info bruh
    It is easier to shit on Riot than it is to admit getting rid of smurfing is difficult
        >  getting rid of smurfing is difficult

Only if you care about finances over your actual customers.
    thats partly right. did they explained what cases of smurfing they meant? like the one dia guy duoing with his bronze friend with his own hand-leveled bronze alt account aka smurf. or did they meant bot-farmers and multi account sellers that use suspecious tools? or did they meant both?

no matter what they try to target, vanguard comes 10 years to late imo. simply because the market is already flooded. all that might change is the time that bot farmers require to level-up enough accounts (by hand) now - the market of it will probably only see a small fold for a short time. the market is already saturated. to really make a big feelable change riot would need to spoof not only the dealer, but banning the one's that buy those "alt accounts" frequently too. which won't happen.

somehow thinking further about it; its funny how smurfing kinda feels like talking about drugs because its (partly) forbidden and thrives money left and right...
        > thats partly right. did they explained what cases of smurfing they meant?

https://www.leagueoflegends.com/en-us/news/dev/dev-vanguard-x-lol/

Here's the post that pretty much explains what they hope to accomplish with Vanguard.

Like I said in a different comment, I don't think some dia guy smurfing with a hand leveled account is nearly as much of a problem as people who buy $1 ebay accounts that they do not care for because they can just pay $1 for another one. 

IF Vanguard works like riot hopes it does it might be great for the future of the game. But I agree its a few years late and Riot knows this too. The amount of stock the botters have must be pretty insane currently. Recent accounts, however, get banned relatively quickly if they're not handleveled although a lot of them slip through the cracks.
But then it would expose their Engagement Optimized Match Making.
i dont want bots in my normals.
    vanguard gets rid of them hopefully
Don't worry Reddit will still find a way to blame anything but themselves.
Such a simple thing and Riot makes it seem like we asked to cure cancer. But fuck us, right
10 should be more than enough, as long as it s normal SR. It will instantly reflect if it's a bot/new player/smurf and cpuld make the seeding more easier.
for me personally its not always about gaining LP but just for experience of a serious game with no trolls and just enjoiying all 10 people playing to win, that said, even in ranked i still experience people refusing to communicate/not playing with the team and its sad

that's why i just play arams now
New players wont play ranked until a lot of normal games.
Most of level 30 ranked players are bronze/silver mains. They will be placed where they deserve to be.
Legit. Don’t know how my MMR got screwed so bad but after my first 5 ranked games now I’m gaining +11LP but losing -33LP like this post says. At this point I don’t even bother with ranked. I suspect a lot of people had that bug, not just “1 or 2”. I can’t be the 1 or 2 he was talking about….statistically unlikely.
This post explicitly is targeted at smurf accounts...idk how you didnt understand this.

 By starting smurf accounts lower in mmr you:

1. Don't place silver/gold/plat players who buy a smurf account into emerald, but rather start them at the floor and make them earn the previous starting mmr.

2. Place higher ranking players at a lower starting point when they buy a smurf account.

Both of these things disincentivize players from smurfing. If im a gold player I can't get an instant mmr boost by buying an account. If i'm diamond I have to play an extra 20-30 games to be at the old starting point, which is boring so i'm less likely to do so.

I say this as a diamond player with 10+ accounts and starting in high plat with quick gains is comfy. No shot am i smurfing or creating new accounts as frequently if i have to play an extra 30 games to get to the old starting point.

Currently for a diamond player when creating a new account you get 2-3 easy games then quickly are in like ~75-80% as competitive lobbies as your main. If it takes 40 games to get to that ~75-80% competitive lobby as main, that sounds so fucking boring and would imagine diamond players smurf less.
what? That they are holding you back and you deserve challenger?
    Alt accounts, but go off queen, get your snark in 💅
        They addressed alt accounts in their Vanguard post. Basically, once Vanguard is installed the PC will be tied to the player, more robust than simple HWID. (They don't just use a single metric.)

They even specifically called out smurfs saying that if someone gets/starts an alt account, they will know it's a regular player and handle them accordingly. This will suck for people sharing their computer (and they have a different metric for other countries with PC bangs, etc.) but overall it'll be an improvement on western servers, where it's usually 1 player per computer.

They even mentioned specifically players playing on separate accounts to play with lower ranked players, the "unfairly" gaining rank. I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, assuming they're using the same computer.

I'm a little dubious still, but will still wait and see how it pans out.
            cant wait honestly, my last 5 game in d1 were decided by who had the best level 30 adc lol, win or loss
                Now imagine how us low elo players feel on our lvl 200 main suddenly getting wiped by a lvl 52 Vayne.
                    Probably the exact same way it does for me, fackin awful lol, never add an alt and i hate all smurfs🗣
                If u you let your games be decided by adcs its doomed anyway lol
            > I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, 

And what does this actually achieve? Will his gold account get Master MMR without playing or what are they implying here?
                Yes this is what has been implied. 

However they made it clear that this is something Vanguard would make possible, eventualy. It won't be working as soon as Vanguard comes out.
                Yes. There are literally Twitch streamers who offer to boost your account to Diamond if you tier 3 subscribe or redeem enough channel points.
            wouldn't that metric then work for example against pro's or are they excluded? I point that out because of their atricious queue timers that would be even longer after vanguard then, not only thinking about a pro dodging a match and then swapping to their alt. or do they exclude the top200 players somehow, as that would really hurt their waiting times - not even on their original but on all their alts equally. simply because enough high elo couldn't do the switcheroo anymore. 

I ask because I didn't knew that vanguard goes this deep as it would contradict other stuff (that for high elo).
            That can help with placing the new account more accurately, but does it address being able to hop on that new account to evade bans and dodge timers? They haven’t taken a stance on how many accounts a player is allowed for example.
                multiple accounts are allowed. they even celebrated tyler1 smurfing on 5 accounts to challenger.
                    Yes it’s unreal how blatant the streaming community is about it lol
                Multiple accounts is fine to me. It’s that someone can go from their Emerald to a Bronze and ruin multiple games for people. With Vanguard tracking hopefully that hardware ID will limit this jumping.
Yeah same, but I got into bronze. I'm not very good so it's fine and might deserve it here but why is my friend, who just started league, placed directly into plat after our first hard lose together? He was crazily overwhelmed and was definitely not ready to face plat/emerald players and teammates flaming us for being bad. Made my friend actually not want to play the game anymore.
    It's a proven thing, the more established your account is the less your gains are. It's an odd thing. Doesn't affect me much, I really only jump on the rift if friends are begging. I'm an ex-support aram only player. I don't really give a shit. It's just funny when you go 8/2 and are told you're silver
So? It should be way to easy too climb if you’ve been playing the game for 13 years…
    Nah, I've never climbed. I have my silver 1 season 1 emblem that I rock to this day. The fact of the matter is that for people who actually care, the older your account is the more you're totally fucked by the rank system. I never really played more than 15-20 matches of ranked in any given season. I'm not all that competitive. It just sucks for other people who really care.
        I don’t understand why would they be fucked? If you’ve only played 200 games of ranked then you’re silver player lol. Maybe even bronze.
            That's totally possible, like I said I've never even taken the time to climb. All I do know is that as your account ages your gains become less, this is a factual proven thing. It's been a reoccurring issue every season. I personally don't care. I'm almost 99% aram unless I get friends to force me to play on the rift. Really...not a big deal for me but I am aware.
                Yes you’re right about that. The old accounts don’t well on gains.
                    and therefor indirectly encourages *what exactly*? I think you know it hopefully.

its a redundant system in the lower ranks. basically it would be better if the whole system would take cpm/apm of other sr modes to evaluate a true skill mmr with the information. which will never happen.
                        I don’t think so actually. Summoners rift is a far different game. My friend is an Aram warrior himself. He’s always like bro I have all these plat and emerald players in my games. And meanwhile he’s never left bronze in ranked because he doesn’t get the basic macro of the game.
        So you don't care and don't play ranked...but "fuck your system" and are complaining about it...even though you don't use it or want to use it? Wild. You dont get to be X desired rank by playing 15 games a year, that's not how this works. You have to earn it by playing.

"Fuck your system" is something I would reserve a system where players who play 15 games a season and get diamond (or their desired rank).
every year i do only my placements on my 10 year old account. it has steadily gained mmr so that this split I was placed E1 the first game and was D3 by the end of placements. previous split was mid emerald, and before that low plat
You mention below your account was emerald last season. Based on what he said, the change was only for “new to ranked” accounts which I’m assuming a previously-Emerald account would not be lol.
well this is good news isn't it then, you are going to get to your actual skill level much faster rather than getting stomped every game.

If you think you deserve your current inflated rank you can just win more than you lose to raise your mmr
    the problem is the account is plat almost emerald, emerald last season, and i was  maintaining like 65% wr, it was like 50 games worth

i was not getting stomped every game, don't be passive aggressive saying im bad
        Apparently you are bad though your LP literally is telling you you aren't good enough for your rank
        >I wasn't losing every game

>+18/-31

Pick one, you don't get both
        post your op.gg and evidence of +18 - 31 then
            He wont. It's crazy to me how normalized blaming the ranked algorithm is on here compared to every other stock cope excuse, when at the end of the day, nobody that wins more than they lose worries about lp gains
                just another version of the same old elo hell excuse that has been around since the beginning of the game. It gets a new coat of paint with a new name and more sophisticated window dressing every few years, but its the same old idea.
        i dropped my acc down to silver 2 by playing random shit (started gold 2 climb p2 then fall of s2 by spamming zeri ap mid)

i had 47% win rate at some point, i climb back to P1 and i get +28 -25 with a 50% win rate on 500 games

so how do you get so low lp with that much wr
You can, any game tracking site, op.gg/u.gg/lol.gg shows you your tier avg which is your hidden mmr
    Not necessarily tho
    ...No
something tells me the only person you could hurt is yourself.
You shouldn’t have this issue if you’re not making a new account and playing during this period.
If you lose 35LP, you were not at the elo you were supposed to be at.
No please don’t hurt your waifu! It’s just pillow man.
problem is currently emerald is hell with every lvl 30 account getting turbo boosted to emerald because of how much free lp they get and its a shit show.  

I hope one day riot brings back smurf queue and let the smurfs cry on social media with their infinite queue timer, rankeds were a lot better
    Any real smurf is actually playing 5-10 normals games so they can start in high emerald/diamond mmr

I know it is frusturating as the people on fresh accs do not care about ToS and make alot of queues hell, but I would assume most of them are emerald players making a new acc to try and get better LP gains
        Many of them are players who want to have a better win percentage or easy games for a bit, so they want to start low elo and get a handful of free wins before they get corrected.
            I come across the occasional fresh acc that's actually a smurf but most of the fresh accs I play with in emerald clearly don't belong there. I'd say like 90% of them are the "I'm gold but I play like diamond" types of people
            If someone WANTS to play more games in a shitshow mmr just to have better winrate they're mentally ill.
                No, simply the feeling to exert power over others. Very basic concept of humanity.
        I know a lot of people who can't hit master normally basically farm these accounts and try to get lucky and hit a win streak early, so that they can ride the inflated LP gains to master. The sad thing is, it works.
            for real.. some of the people i know who peak master and when i think about their level of play it is a bit absurd and i feel bad for their random teammates lol
            True... but you cant just be a plat/emerald player and ride inflated LP gains to masters. I would assume you have a massive leg up on other diamonds but there is just too much parity now to not get exposed in the ~30/40 games it takes to get there
                Oh yeah I am not talking about them, I am talking about the D3 hardstuck that plays on 5 accounts until he gets a lucky 12 game winstreak on one of them
        There are quite a few people making new accounts to boost their peak rank from iron to emerald for a short time
    I'd be fine with smurfQ if they would actually make it work properly. I mean, my 12+ year old account that I consistently play on would somehow end up in smurfQ whenever I went on a big win streak...
    Vanguard fixes that somewhat theoretically because they can’t buy the super cheap botted accounts anymore. They need hand leveled accounts. Which likely means they played normals or something which will hopefully slingshot their mmr. 
        Why?
            Vanguard will make it harder (probably not impossible) to bot without getting banned, meaning a lower supply of bot-leveled cheap smurf accounts. Therefor the price of those accounts will increase in price due to supply and demand shenanigans
                More importantly, maybe, it's supposed to identify unique PCs, so no multi-boxing/account spamming/account sharing between 'friends' on the same hardware might slow down low-effort bot farms.
                But his speculations was that botted accounts wont be used which just isnt true is it?
                    They didn't say that though? They said *super cheap* botted accounts, specifically. They never said botted accounts won't exist at all. Or atleast that's how I interpreted it
                        Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
                            I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
                            Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
                            Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
                            $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
        These accounts already get banned super super fast, I wonder if they're actually causing as many issues as people think in the handful of games they survive
            They don’t ban these accounts because it makes their detection methods easier to find. They focus on banning accounts that are actually cheating. 
                Also, maybe somewhat, because people who use these accounts tend to spend money. A lot of them are probably people who had their main banned, and maybe they drop $10 to buy a skin for their champ. That's a lotta extra money for Riot.
                    Given how much these accounts absolutely destroy any new player experience, I think riot isn’t super happy about those. 
            Neither me or my friends have ever gotten a single bought account banned.
    SmurfQ was just so much better and it felt like it was so much improvable still. I as a returning player was put in smurfQ and got shitstomped for like 20 games, but then I got out of it and the game quality was so much better without smurfs. Was worth it, but I'm sure they could work out a system where it doesnt happen (I think you were put in smurfQ if just your MMR and visual rank disparity were too high, or something really dumb / basic like that, rather than workout out a more complex prediction model).
    As someone who used to smurf a lot, I loved Smurf que, and it was always really competitive.
[deleted]
    Why are you commenting if you haven't read the post? What phroxzon is talking about is "ranked seeding", which is the practice of seeding your rank with your non-ranked performance. This means that you will not start in plat/emerald by default, actually, as riot phroxzon wrote in this very post, the average new account starts in silver 4.
    objectively untrue lol
Where did they state this?
    it is the purpose of ranked seeding
Oh really? I was wondering why my unranked braum top inted he must be a smurf 
Will you be able to give us some feedback on how the ladder was affected once Vanguard becomes mandatory? Or is that something that will take some time to see actual results?
    With wild numbers like 10%+ of masters games having botting problems, I'd love to see a graph of how Vanguard changes things.
    If it is affected. Valorant has had Vanguard since the beginning and it still has cheaters.
Can yall make a separate option to report bots? I get yuumi and sivir bots in my silver games. Honestly most of the time it’s yuumi, Taric, or sivir so you could probably just cross reference users who only play those champs.
why do I feel like this is going to end up destroying the lower MMR ranks instead with all the smurf's being placed in silver and gold instead of emerald where they belong....
Bring back duoq master+ on euw pls. Or increase the threshold, currently its at like high d1 at best.
Why did SmurfQ get axed when you guys were *seemingly* using an elementary-school level prediction model for detecting smurfs? If you improve the model and prevent returning players from entering smurfQ with 30% WR over 20 games, the system can have potential.
Please can we have a vote or a discussion on visible rank and match making rank. I know why it was added but in 2024 do we still actually need it it just causes more issues than needed.
Any planned changes to help fix the accounts that were nuked during the transition? Going from +30/33 to +20/18 in one patch feels horrible with an 80% w/r
    While this would require more games to rank up, isn't it objectively better for you to take the more consistent +20/18?   
  
Each game you lose is also a game you didn't win. I understand with an 80% w/r this deal may not be ideal but I find it hard to speculate that you have a lot of games on your account as the system should always push you towards a 50% w/r over time (as your MMR rises).
Imo, although still not fun, a high elo smurf causing you to lose is more enjoyable than a legit Iron-silver player on your team causing you to lose. At least when I got completely jungle gapped by the GM talon, I could watch the replay and try and see what he was doing in situations that I missed. Much better than watching the replay and seeing the Bronze Garen miss every cs and try to 1v1 the Darius in a triple stacked minion wave.
Old system placed 50% winrate beginner accounts to gold1. People claimed some times even higher up to emerald.
I hope new system will place new 50% winrate accounts to silver4 like it was mentioned. I could start playing ranked again without rolling the dice every time who gets the bronze in the platinum matchmaking to autolose.
True, but there is another option. To just give accounts who have not played enough normals to play double the placement matches. This should not be too hard of a change and needs very little work from others.

You start their ranks experience then \~0.5-1 tier lower as the +5 games make up for that.
Surely it wouldn't be that hard to just make every new account have a required 10 SR games before having the option to queue ranked... right?
    here is their post on it 
https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Value vs number of people affected
        Riot gave you ranked restriction when you were toxic before where you had to WIN draft game to unlock ranked again, but here is this guy using a corporate post from riot to tell us that activating a 10 game ranked barrière is too hard. 

You have to be really naive to believe it's too hard to do for riot. It has NOTHING to do with the size of the company lol
            Nowhere in the post is Phroxzon saying that it would be "too hard" to implement, he literally explains that they could do it within a few months if all goes well if they wanted to. You didn't understand the point at all.

They haven't felt like a normal game requirement in order to be able to play ranked is worth the cost and resources compared to other things they're doing, that's all there is to it.
            Or you actually know how coding a video game works and realise it's a ton of work involving many departments for very little result and won't bother putting resources on it and rather put it on more important/impactful things.
                Except this isn't coding the video game, it's a simple api call to the number of games and an in-client pop up. The simplest web dev task ever. If this is hard to implement, Riot either has managers that have ravaged its teams to a halt or bozo devs who can't do this. The cost of this SHOULD NEVER be high.
                    This would do nothing to combat botting.
                I work in an IT company with weekly product release. So I know what it takes to do even a small change in the code, don't try to teach me what it takes.

Riot releases monthly league of legends patches but this guy believes they really can't input a GAME COUNT in the game lololololololol
                    I dont see how that would change anything to botted account but ok.

I very much doubt you are a developper.
                        Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
                            I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
            Good point.
        Honestly the most interesting part of that was finding out there's actually a client team lol

My buddies and I (who all have played the game for around 10 years) were just talking recently about how we can't remember ever thinking "wow the client works really well this patch" it just feels like it's never been in a good state

Interesting read though, few of those tasks they listed could be done really quickly but Ik it must be complicated having to keep all the international teams on the same page
        Bro that whole post reads like total BS lmao. They are literally saying "its too difficult" without really going into the details of why other than "we'd need different teams to work on it". 

Its literally just an overview of how software development (and most businesses) work in general. They could have made that exact same post about any other change that people want. What I get from reading this is that they simply rather work on other things, AKA its not a priority for them. They could have just said that.
            Yes? He is literally using the feature as an example and says specifically that? He's using it as an example to show why simple things actually take a lot of time.
                Stop asking redditors who possibly haven't worked a single day in their life to upscale any type of work to a billion dollar company level.   
I work in a small company (<20 people) and even the slightest change has to be approved by people above me, before being approved by the finance department and finally changed.
            Unfortunately it's not bullshit, and it's not even a riot specific problem. This is an unsolved problem, coordination becomes significantly harder at scale. ALl big organisations, corporations and goverments alike, suffer from it to a significant instead. You can maybe do it a bit better than Riot, but not to a great extent.
    Since when 10 games can determine your skills anyway? If its not 30 its almost useless.
        It would mainly be to target bot accounts that only queue intro until lvl 30. If you're actually a new player and don't play any norms before ranked you should be placed in Iron 4, where you belong.
BS.


Heroes of the storm does this just fine and they have literally 0 budget. It's an excuse.
    It's not impossible just a bureaucratic pain in the ass to implement a feature that requires cooperation from like 3 or 4 different departments to implement for minimal impact.
    they have literally 0 players so yeah those problems of scale don't really apply
        Locking ranked behind a required amount of standard games isn’t exactly a novel or complex idea
            In league the requirement was playing 100s of games to reach lvl 30 but bots kinda circumvented that
        Playerbase doesn't have anything to do with coding a system that requires you to play X amount of summoner's rift games before entering ranked.


Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
            https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
                Yes because Riot is going to tell you the truth instead of just saying "We're too lazy to do it" or "It would actively make us less money to do this as it would discourage smurfing".



I have a bridge to sell you.
                    it's about how change in any large org works, please stop you are embarrassing yourself
                        the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
I've literally had it happen more than once where someones first game in ranked was in my Emerald lobbies --- and these are players who had played normals with an average rank of Bronze or low Silver.

That said, I find the whole discussion and implementation of ranked distribution and quality in League really weird and out of touch from both Riot and players. In older competitive games everyone knew that the ranked ladder was of lesser quality and that's why inhouse and PUG games existed and where the more serious players(of all skills!) would play more often than not. League has no inhouse or PUG culture, so ranked has this heightened importance but still with the same lesser quality leading people to be more frustrated and less accepting of the reality. Alongside this, Riot have utterly failed to implement a basic accurate system - probably in part due to the heightened amount of complaints resulting from the previous point. Similarly, other games have way less and sometimes no restriction for new accounts entering into ranked and smurf accounts aren't treated as abusive ego-boosting things as much as they are in League. In my experience, smurf accounts are accounts to practice stuff either anonymously or something new with less pressure - with the added benefit that playing against worse people is a good way for the worse player to learn and for the better player to hone their already developed skills, assuming that both players are serious about improving. It's really weird how League, as a competitive game, has played out in terms of the mentality of the majority of players. A lot of the problems this game has are only problems because people are so wrapped up in their own heads instead of actually focused on the game and improving at it. Everyone seems to want to feel like they're treating it seriously when they're not even taking the first step and at the same time treat it and argue that it's a casual game more than a competitive game and that it's everyone else or other things that are the issue and not their own attitude toward the game.

Ultimately, this fuck up with new accounts appearing higher in the ladder than they should be is Riot's fault, but it was brought about because a lot of people complain so they constantly tweak it trying to 'perfect' it when in reality it's always going to be shit and people shouldn't care as much about the one-off dogshit quality and accept that a public ranked ladder as a whole is going to be worse in quality than inhouse and pick up games. The real fix is just putting new accounts in Silver 4 and if they perform consistently well over ten games then skyrocket them into Plat or Emerald, otherwise let them climb and drop as normal. All this while ignoring the people who complain about it because those people aren't treating the game seriously and can't see the reality of a public ranked ladder the majority of the time anyway. It's kinda shitty for those players, I guess, but it's a super basic fix that's better for the game and serious players as a whole - Riot catering to the lowest common denominator is part of the problem and has created a feedback loop of decay.
    I will never get understand why competitive games tolerate smurfing. Practicing and playing with friends should be done in normals. I’m sick of the excuses and as you put it, it’s a broken culture.
        Not sure if you're disagreeing in parts or misunderstanding, but to clarify, I highlighted that smurfing isn't a problem on its own - what is a problem is how players use it as an ego boost and not a learning tool more often than not (in League of Legends). Ultimately we shouldn't care much about smurfs *because if the ranked system is broken and/or intentionally slowed down* then they level up quickly AND we understand and accept that a public ranked ladder is inherently going to be lesser in quality.
            Brother. It’s both. I’ve snurfed my ass off in different games. Sure it’s to learn new things or try stuff but it’s also partly because it’s fun to stomp and feels good to be the carry. 

We can’t have an honest conversation where people pretend that smurfing is purely practice. Practice on your main with your rank on the line or play fucking normals.  It’s fun to boost your friends. I get all that but it doesn’t make it right. Hard stop.

I don’t care what you’re practicing. You don’t lose your game sense and abilities because you change accounts.
                I agree with you. The argument “it allows the worse player to learn from playing vs the Smurf” can only be true when the Smurf is of similar level (ex- plat smurf, gold other player). If the smurf is spacing the other player impeccably, csing well, having good back timers, pushing waves in order to achieve macro goals, jng tracking etc, there’s a pretty severe limit to what the gold player could learn from being stomped that soundly.
    the ladder in itself is probably redundant after more then a decade, but that stems from the game being a massive online pvp platform. the part that riot lost long ago is entegrity of said ladder. that comes from not handing out enough ban's over the course of time or not implementing something similar like vanguard earlier (even if the bots would've been handleveld then all along).

the prob with league is, your success in climbing or winning can be calculated (levelofskill + time) and just needs a handful of (hard to master) requirements. if you master those things like leeching in a duo for example you have the possibility to thrive a few bucks out of it. be it bad things like smurfing, acc leveling, betting or the good stuff streaming, coaching (giving player advice by watching replays, not logging on). so all that the real game turns around are the players that reach that sweet spot were you're able to even earn a buck. thats basically 3% of the whole ladder if I'm not wrong. instead of looking for those people's ip/hwid (as they're even known by riot) for example if they go on the riot streaming business - riot refuses to administrate such things. they don't have either the bad nor the good guys that play the game on their screen. they can kinda do whatever they want. 

all I want to say here is that vanguard will probably change nothing (regarding leveling alt-accounts). maybe a small decrease in asian countrysides but I doubt. simply because the bot accounts are already leveld and those are many. even if we see a massive banwave right after vanguard release (which I refuse to believe going to happen bec of false positives) would only solve one chunk of the problem. simply because you can expect that handleveling will make a huge comeback. lowering entrance matches to 10 and you could've never brought up vanguard at all. all you need to be successful seller was great skill and lots and lots of time (to pump matches). basically only a few low level throw away accounts will be rarer or similar expensive like silver/golds then.

the prob where all of this stems from is that riot doesn't understand what a referee is (when every player is in a competitive environment). the esl had the same thought back then, and tried to deliver it with having at least admins for their competitive games. even that wasn't perfect but the ladder webpage was clear and showed everyone kind of. the client doesn't have any of theose feature that the esl had (for dota1 e.g.) and it lacks any admin service after all. clash kinda proves this every now and then. league's competitive integrity is really low to non existent as the playersize is simply to big, account creating and infesting is a basic and not looking over things like this inflates the whole game slowly but surely. to a point that ranks alltogether gonna lose their meaning, despite maybe the top200-300 players that riot could always figure out beforehand.
"Some normals" Dude dropped 30 kills on those normals vs golds and emeralds. I'm sure he should've been placed in silver. Do your research before being ooga booga.
    In none of those games did he get 30 kills against golds and emeralds? The only time they performed was when the enemy team was bronze or silver mix
        [https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8](https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8)  
I guess you're right.
Plat is average though. Thats where you are supposed to start in a ranked game.
    Gold 3 would be about average according to the data on leagueofgraphs. And I would argue a ranked system should place you somewhere below average on default. So somewhere in Silver is a good starting point.
The thing is hand leveled accounts will alwyas be a lot more expensive which makes people less likely to buy them so riot probably don’t think most people who buys Smurfs now will buy them after the price goes up
    you underestimate how degenerate and addicted smurfs are
        I know some will, but I personally only bought a Smurf once to help a friend put of bronze cause it was dirt cheap. Once they cost more than 10 bucks a lot of people will stop getting them
        U won’t see people acting the same way when the accounts will cost 10-20 dollars compared to 1-2 since now if they get banned suddenly it’s 20-40 dollars spent if they want another Smurf instead of 2-4 dollars it’s just simple logic that this change will = less Smurfs and less toxic Smurfs and yes right now that is about the price of hand leveled accounts last time I checked.
    There's MacOS and I'm sure they'll eventually find a way to do it on Windows as well. I personally don't think Vanguard is being implemented to combat botting or smurfing, because the other available solutions are so glaringly obvious and simple, that we'll know when they're serious about it.
        It's a happy side effect.  

If asking for government IDs is your easy solution, I have some very bad news for you.
            Well it's time for the USA to get on board and issue national IDs.
        And what solutions are those? Serious question.
            I would assume one of them is only allowing people one account per person by introducing phone verification for accounts like how its done in clash already

That wouldnt really solve anything since anyone whos remotely motivated can circumvent it easily enough but that is one of those solutions that is often parroted as the holy grail on this sub
                Phone verification is trivially easy to bypass. It will at most raise bot prices by around 50 cents
                    VOIPs are filtered by a lot of signup pages now.
                    phone number verification that requires a reply verification.

couple that with email verification to cross two forms of verification.

require both for password changes.

you could go even further with ID verification for accounts "for age reasons".

this would be significant enough of a hurdle to hamstring botted accounts. It does come at the expense of new players barrier to entry though.
                        Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
                        You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
                            That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
                Can’t really do that for places like eu since they have to follow the different laws and policy’s of the countries the only reason why Korea and china has it is bcs of their government enforcing it I belive 
                [deleted]
                    As we should.
                        Preach King
        I'd love to hear your "glaringly obvious and simple" ideas as well. If you're talking about hardware bans, that's addressed directly in the Vanguard article (TLDR: too easy to fake hardware ID, Vanguard might help mitigate this).
        Botting is scripting... Except it's even easier to detect. So you are just wrong. If they are going after scripters that includes all the bots as well. And no reason not to ban them. They already do that currently just not that well.
            "easier to detect" yet they need Vanguard to detect it. It is still hard to detect a bot. It would be easier to not allow players to have multiple accounts, but riot for some reason wants to combat smurfing while allowing smurfing
                And how exactly is it easier to disallow smurfing on its own? If I level 2 or 3 accounts myself and play on them there is not much they can do, I can always tell them it is me and my siblings playing on the same machine. But detecting and banning accounts which are clearly only used to level up fast and sell illegally should be much easier, as there are a lot of patterns they can use to detect this.
                    1. Introduce mandatory 2FA. You wouldn't be able to have multiple accounts while having just one phone number. 
2. As you said, smurfs would need to level those accounts by hand, not buy it, as HWID would detect that the account is not created by them. 
3. Ban for smurfing - while it doesn't make easier to detect such accounts, it would disencourage people to do so.
4. It is obvious for streamers that they play on a smurf account, so in that case it would be better.

That's it, nothing super complicated. DOTA fights smurfs and it seems like there is an effect of doing so, so I don't see a reason why LOL wouldn't do it
        I like the theory that Riot doesn't want to get rid of botter accounts because it boosts their player count numbers.
            Riot literally has an API that allows you to grab the numbers of ranked games played each patch, e.g. Lolalytics. General player numbers aren't visible for various reasons (such as bot numbers potentially inflating them and pingponging up and down due to ban waves) but the people who actually have access to the player count numbers aren't going to be stupid enough to pretend bots don't exist.
I was joking with my GF about buying up all the hand levelled accounts on the market now and selling them when the supply goes down because eventually the supply will dry up and they'll be worth more.

All jokes aside, I think that hand levelled accounts will be the only option because if they somehow pass Vanguard and start botting accounts again, Riot will eventually ban them. With Vanguard that means a HWID to the person that bought the botted account and now your customer base is angry
    Botting itself will be much harder to go, since rn you can lend a servers and do 32 virtual machines at once, after vanguard 1 pc = 1 game client. 
        Back to the old Strat of having some Indian dudes level your accounts for a fraction of what you sell them for
            The indian dude will still want to get 1-2€ per hour, let's say he plays on 3 accs at the same time, and let's assume it takes 50 hours per acc that means accs will cost at least 15-20€
                handleveled acc already cost more than that
                    TBF that's because there's no market for them because of botted accounts. IF botted accounts are impossible, you'll see farms in Venezuela with rooms of 50 computers where Grandmothers and 8 year olds are playing on 3 accounts at once speed running intro bots.
for a massive game as league, i'd assume botters would just innovate another way.

Vanguard is not invincible.
    The entire point of selling mass botted accounts is making money in the fastest most painless way possible.  

If it's too much of a pain in the ass/not profitable enough, the average botters will do the most logical action.   
Move to the next best thing.
But wont hand leveled accounts also be much easier for Riot to detect and ban? I mean the account is leveled to 30 on one machine which is used to play on many different low level accounts and then suddenly used on another machine, which is used to play on at least one other account. If Riot really wants to combat smurfs Vanguard should really make a big difference there.
    If Riot actually cared. Yes, this would be an obvious flag for observation. But they don’t care
    I don't think they care that much because a percentage of sold accounts also spend money on skins/champs. People willing to spend money on an account (even if its $2-3) are probably more likely to spend money on skins/champs.
    nope as they don't hog hardware id nor ip's of any players. plus they don't ban anyone based on this because of écafe's and pc-bang's. they encourage multi account creation sort of and have only a few admins looking only into high elo matches as samplesize. vanguard combats and tracks just suspicious tools on your pc and comparing those frequently with a list of marketed cheats, thats basically all of it. everything else would contradict their own company marketing goals more or less.
I wonder how many accounts someone can hand level. I imagine you can probably hand level at least 2, but my guess if that 4 or 5 hand leveled accounts against intro bots is doable, maybe more. Hand level a bunch of accounts, on top of paying poverty wages in third world country that are low, I wonder if the economics make sense for it to be worth doing. 

I'd bet another expensive thing would be initial computer costs cause with vanguard, you probably wont be able to just run a VM on one computer with a million clients. You'd need a bunch of individual computers.
    Super easy to raise 2 at the same time. Buy Yuumi and level an ADC. I can get to Lv30 in a day and I play Support/JG. If I hard carry a bot lane, I can do it more quickly
        can't believe I forgot about yuumi. Yeah, yuumi makes things much easier
            Yet another reason that shit champ shouldn’t exist.
        30 in a day? Wtf
        In a Day ? Last time i had leveled it took me a month lol
        How can you reach lvl 30 in a day? At least without xp boost that sounds impossible
Hand raised accounts would still be flagged by their hardware ID and should be easier to ban when sold.
    They already get flagged up by the drastic change in IP and player activity - they choose to not police hand leveled accounts for the most part cause they're less problematic.
        Also because those players probably spend money on the game. The people willing to spend $3 on an account are probably more likely than the average player to spend money on RP.
Maybe. Gotta remember there are families who share the computer with each other. And pc cafes and such
Guarantee you RiotGames engineer department CANNOT do this. It takes more than software to properly map behavior to identity and the implementation details are a nightmare.

I worked for Meta and the team that created an Uber group identity for multiple Meta accounts and we have better engineers than they do BY FAR. Its a very hard problem. Data quality becomes critical and no one does it well.
Literally have a gold friend that is on his 10th account. He buys it. Places in emerald and then drops the account once he gets to gold. I don't know why you are even surprised. So many people cried about new accounts being a "cheat code" or that negative LP gains are holding them in "elo hell". All claiming that they don't deserve to be silver/gold and they can "prove it" and then go on to claim how they placed emerald on a smurf. Then if you tell them what happens to the account if they play 100 games, they never respond but they still have a cult of other idiots who upvote them and claim the same thing.

> Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally.

The irony is that my friend has been better. He's been plat. Meanwhile now he is now hardstuck gold(which is old silver) because he is omega tilted and instead of limiting champ pool and trying to improve, he's buying new accounts and playing new champ every game while being on full auto pilot. You are just making the assumption that he'd just put in the hours and improve but why would he do that when he can just get there without any effort. Just overall I don't know how you came to the conclusions that you did. There's far too many low elo players constantly buying accounts and like the other person said this has been the advice of hardstuck players for the last few years. And I'm not even talking only about him. My plat/emerald friends are constantly complaining about it and it's very easy to check that they do indeed play with or against a lot of "smurfs" that clearly aren't smurfs but just low elo people who bought a botted account.
the overwhelming dumb advice for like a year+ now to every hardstuck player is to abuse new player mmr, there are absolutely tons of really bad players on smurf accounts
    But was it wrong? wasnt fresh acc mmr the best optimal way to climb , yes not in the long run if you suck and are boosted but in short income? yes it was so the problem is from the root of this ranking system and not ppl trying to find placebo
        Making/buying a new account playing 5 games to get seeded much higher and never playing on that account for barging rights isn't climbing(which will instantly get called out). It's just a huge waste of time.
        Yes it is wrong. Unless your sole goal is to reach say plat IV or Emerald IV and then sit on your hands.

You wont improve, you are still the same skill as always. New MMR can make you reach a bit higher or way lower depending on you get a lucky streak or not. And while a silver player might actually reach emerald IV if they are insanely lucky and get carried a lot in their first games, they will drop if they keep playing. Because guess why, they are silver players.

But yeah, if you just want to stop at E4 and play normals and brag about some worthless rating then go for it. Then it works. But you wont climb anything meaningful.
    It's not wrong though. Riot has literally admitted they "settle" old accounts and make it harder to gain rank even if your skill level increases. Nobody should have their accounts become artificially hardstuck in an ever changing game like League.
        practically no one -really- improves fast enough for this to matter.

It's only a soft effect, if I as a master tier player went on a gold players 10 season in a row gold account and played at a 90% win rate, it would barely take more games to reach diamond than doing so on a new account
    You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally. Most players still in silver just don't care. A few will buy accounts just for the thrill of higher placement sure, but the vast majority of the smurf activity is conducted by emeralds where players really start to plateau despite tryharding

Edit: bunch of emeralds mad
        > You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally

And you are underestimating them lol. There are *thousands* of low elo players who very much do care about their rank but cant climb, it has been one of the main things of the ranked community since the existence of the game lmao. I guess you werent around when the forums were still up where you would get 10-20 rage posts by low elo players how they couldnt climb every single day.
            Old silver and gold have inflated to platinum by now. Current silver is just players who don't care or if fhey care they haven't committed to the real grind yet (they play like 30 champions across all 5 roles and with wacky builds)
Lol you don’t understand how long it takes someone to hit gold as a new player. There’s an immense amount of game knowledge you need to play this game.  There are people that play this game for a decade + in gold.
I have a friend that was never gold that had like 12 accounts (kept buying them) way back before I even made a 2nd account.
Anecdotally, gotta hard disagree. Rank has nothing to do with how invested a player is. There's plenty of players that want to get better, but don't want to put in the boring work. That's not a measure of investment, just patience.

From the people in my friend group, ik more <plat players that get new accs because they think a 'fresh start' is all they need to get to their 'true elo'. While the higher ranked players usually only have 1 smurf, for the sake of low queue times.
    the dev's encouraged that thinking and its basically true. just think about the 'news' of smurf queue a year or so ago. if you had a long existent account (no matter your played mmr) you would easily put into the smurf detection treadmill without any further reasoning by riot. that just yells *"level/buy an fresh alt account and climb!!"* to me more then anything else would and they basically approved it that way.
Yeah no one wants a hard reset that would be the most disgusting unbalanced matches
A lot of games, and you can play all of them in modes that do not reflect the "ranked but without points" experience. Does that make sense to you? It's not a coincidence that they let you level up accounts in modes that can easily be botted without incurring in many human players' reports. It's to please the smurfs
    >hey boss this guy did 1-30 on aram and is queuing up for ranked SR

>seems legit, let him through
        Oh well but he played so many arams! He must have learned something about summoners rift am I right?
            eh, they can figure out the map quick enough. Learning what all the champions do is significantly more time consuming.
                You are kidding, right?
                    No not at all. If someone hit level 30 in arams only they will completely destroy some random new player that is level 5 only playing summoners rift. 

Odds are they will play atleast a few summoners rift games before going into ranked. They'll be fine. Either way they are going to get destroyed and placed in potato elo.
                        Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
                            It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
    All modes can easily be botted
        >in modes that can easily be botted **without incurring in many human players' reports**

Just finish reading the sentence. You can do it.

Of course you can run bots in every mode. Even ranked. But doing that will mean 4 reports per game at minimum and a ban along the way.
    > It's not a coincidence that they let you level up accounts in modes that can easily be botted without incurring in many human players' reports. It's to please the smurfs

It is so that players only playing in ARAM and other fun modes can level up and buy new champions and the few cosmetics things you get.
        You can have both. Level up accounts in all modes and have a normal games requirement for ranked.

If you're worried about total number of games, make lvl 25 + X amount of normal games (those nornallly necessary to reach lvl 30) the new requirement for unlocking ranked. It's that simple.
Bought accounts don't do this in normal
    Yes but those are not new players. They’re smurfs
        Yes, exactly, those are the people that the x normal games rule is supposed to target
And they mean 25% if there aram games
Because somewhere a Riot accountant has shown that people who buy Smurf accounts also spend a little money on the Smurf account. One or two skins. Some chests to get BE to buy the champs they want. That adds up and “line must go up” is the Bible of capitalism.
    And where's that "somewhere"? That also directly contradicts them actively trying to combat smurfing for the past few years with varying degrees of success (smurf Q, better botted account detection etc). 

Hand leveled accounts will always be a problem but they are not nearly as big of a problem as the cheap $1 ebay accounts with a bunch of blue essence that people just give 0 fucks for and run down games with before buying another one.
        “Somewhere” is presumably Riot HQ. I could wrongly assume that’s where they keep the accountants?
            "Somewhere", as in, give a source of said Riot accountant (presumably not a disgruntled ex-employee) sharing that info bruh
It is easier to shit on Riot than it is to admit getting rid of smurfing is difficult
    >  getting rid of smurfing is difficult

Only if you care about finances over your actual customers.
thats partly right. did they explained what cases of smurfing they meant? like the one dia guy duoing with his bronze friend with his own hand-leveled bronze alt account aka smurf. or did they meant bot-farmers and multi account sellers that use suspecious tools? or did they meant both?

no matter what they try to target, vanguard comes 10 years to late imo. simply because the market is already flooded. all that might change is the time that bot farmers require to level-up enough accounts (by hand) now - the market of it will probably only see a small fold for a short time. the market is already saturated. to really make a big feelable change riot would need to spoof not only the dealer, but banning the one's that buy those "alt accounts" frequently too. which won't happen.

somehow thinking further about it; its funny how smurfing kinda feels like talking about drugs because its (partly) forbidden and thrives money left and right...
    > thats partly right. did they explained what cases of smurfing they meant?

https://www.leagueoflegends.com/en-us/news/dev/dev-vanguard-x-lol/

Here's the post that pretty much explains what they hope to accomplish with Vanguard.

Like I said in a different comment, I don't think some dia guy smurfing with a hand leveled account is nearly as much of a problem as people who buy $1 ebay accounts that they do not care for because they can just pay $1 for another one. 

IF Vanguard works like riot hopes it does it might be great for the future of the game. But I agree its a few years late and Riot knows this too. The amount of stock the botters have must be pretty insane currently. Recent accounts, however, get banned relatively quickly if they're not handleveled although a lot of them slip through the cracks.
vanguard gets rid of them hopefully
Alt accounts, but go off queen, get your snark in 💅
    They addressed alt accounts in their Vanguard post. Basically, once Vanguard is installed the PC will be tied to the player, more robust than simple HWID. (They don't just use a single metric.)

They even specifically called out smurfs saying that if someone gets/starts an alt account, they will know it's a regular player and handle them accordingly. This will suck for people sharing their computer (and they have a different metric for other countries with PC bangs, etc.) but overall it'll be an improvement on western servers, where it's usually 1 player per computer.

They even mentioned specifically players playing on separate accounts to play with lower ranked players, the "unfairly" gaining rank. I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, assuming they're using the same computer.

I'm a little dubious still, but will still wait and see how it pans out.
        cant wait honestly, my last 5 game in d1 were decided by who had the best level 30 adc lol, win or loss
            Now imagine how us low elo players feel on our lvl 200 main suddenly getting wiped by a lvl 52 Vayne.
                Probably the exact same way it does for me, fackin awful lol, never add an alt and i hate all smurfs🗣
            If u you let your games be decided by adcs its doomed anyway lol
        > I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, 

And what does this actually achieve? Will his gold account get Master MMR without playing or what are they implying here?
            Yes this is what has been implied. 

However they made it clear that this is something Vanguard would make possible, eventualy. It won't be working as soon as Vanguard comes out.
            Yes. There are literally Twitch streamers who offer to boost your account to Diamond if you tier 3 subscribe or redeem enough channel points.
        wouldn't that metric then work for example against pro's or are they excluded? I point that out because of their atricious queue timers that would be even longer after vanguard then, not only thinking about a pro dodging a match and then swapping to their alt. or do they exclude the top200 players somehow, as that would really hurt their waiting times - not even on their original but on all their alts equally. simply because enough high elo couldn't do the switcheroo anymore. 

I ask because I didn't knew that vanguard goes this deep as it would contradict other stuff (that for high elo).
        That can help with placing the new account more accurately, but does it address being able to hop on that new account to evade bans and dodge timers? They haven’t taken a stance on how many accounts a player is allowed for example.
            multiple accounts are allowed. they even celebrated tyler1 smurfing on 5 accounts to challenger.
                Yes it’s unreal how blatant the streaming community is about it lol
            Multiple accounts is fine to me. It’s that someone can go from their Emerald to a Bronze and ruin multiple games for people. With Vanguard tracking hopefully that hardware ID will limit this jumping.
It's a proven thing, the more established your account is the less your gains are. It's an odd thing. Doesn't affect me much, I really only jump on the rift if friends are begging. I'm an ex-support aram only player. I don't really give a shit. It's just funny when you go 8/2 and are told you're silver
Nah, I've never climbed. I have my silver 1 season 1 emblem that I rock to this day. The fact of the matter is that for people who actually care, the older your account is the more you're totally fucked by the rank system. I never really played more than 15-20 matches of ranked in any given season. I'm not all that competitive. It just sucks for other people who really care.
    I don’t understand why would they be fucked? If you’ve only played 200 games of ranked then you’re silver player lol. Maybe even bronze.
        That's totally possible, like I said I've never even taken the time to climb. All I do know is that as your account ages your gains become less, this is a factual proven thing. It's been a reoccurring issue every season. I personally don't care. I'm almost 99% aram unless I get friends to force me to play on the rift. Really...not a big deal for me but I am aware.
            Yes you’re right about that. The old accounts don’t well on gains.
                and therefor indirectly encourages *what exactly*? I think you know it hopefully.

its a redundant system in the lower ranks. basically it would be better if the whole system would take cpm/apm of other sr modes to evaluate a true skill mmr with the information. which will never happen.
                    I don’t think so actually. Summoners rift is a far different game. My friend is an Aram warrior himself. He’s always like bro I have all these plat and emerald players in my games. And meanwhile he’s never left bronze in ranked because he doesn’t get the basic macro of the game.
    So you don't care and don't play ranked...but "fuck your system" and are complaining about it...even though you don't use it or want to use it? Wild. You dont get to be X desired rank by playing 15 games a year, that's not how this works. You have to earn it by playing.

"Fuck your system" is something I would reserve a system where players who play 15 games a season and get diamond (or their desired rank).
the problem is the account is plat almost emerald, emerald last season, and i was  maintaining like 65% wr, it was like 50 games worth

i was not getting stomped every game, don't be passive aggressive saying im bad
    Apparently you are bad though your LP literally is telling you you aren't good enough for your rank
    >I wasn't losing every game

>+18/-31

Pick one, you don't get both
    post your op.gg and evidence of +18 - 31 then
        He wont. It's crazy to me how normalized blaming the ranked algorithm is on here compared to every other stock cope excuse, when at the end of the day, nobody that wins more than they lose worries about lp gains
            just another version of the same old elo hell excuse that has been around since the beginning of the game. It gets a new coat of paint with a new name and more sophisticated window dressing every few years, but its the same old idea.
    i dropped my acc down to silver 2 by playing random shit (started gold 2 climb p2 then fall of s2 by spamming zeri ap mid)

i had 47% win rate at some point, i climb back to P1 and i get +28 -25 with a 50% win rate on 500 games

so how do you get so low lp with that much wr
Not necessarily tho
...No
Any real smurf is actually playing 5-10 normals games so they can start in high emerald/diamond mmr

I know it is frusturating as the people on fresh accs do not care about ToS and make alot of queues hell, but I would assume most of them are emerald players making a new acc to try and get better LP gains
    Many of them are players who want to have a better win percentage or easy games for a bit, so they want to start low elo and get a handful of free wins before they get corrected.
        I come across the occasional fresh acc that's actually a smurf but most of the fresh accs I play with in emerald clearly don't belong there. I'd say like 90% of them are the "I'm gold but I play like diamond" types of people
        If someone WANTS to play more games in a shitshow mmr just to have better winrate they're mentally ill.
            No, simply the feeling to exert power over others. Very basic concept of humanity.
    I know a lot of people who can't hit master normally basically farm these accounts and try to get lucky and hit a win streak early, so that they can ride the inflated LP gains to master. The sad thing is, it works.
        for real.. some of the people i know who peak master and when i think about their level of play it is a bit absurd and i feel bad for their random teammates lol
        True... but you cant just be a plat/emerald player and ride inflated LP gains to masters. I would assume you have a massive leg up on other diamonds but there is just too much parity now to not get exposed in the ~30/40 games it takes to get there
            Oh yeah I am not talking about them, I am talking about the D3 hardstuck that plays on 5 accounts until he gets a lucky 12 game winstreak on one of them
    There are quite a few people making new accounts to boost their peak rank from iron to emerald for a short time
I'd be fine with smurfQ if they would actually make it work properly. I mean, my 12+ year old account that I consistently play on would somehow end up in smurfQ whenever I went on a big win streak...
Vanguard fixes that somewhat theoretically because they can’t buy the super cheap botted accounts anymore. They need hand leveled accounts. Which likely means they played normals or something which will hopefully slingshot their mmr. 
    Why?
        Vanguard will make it harder (probably not impossible) to bot without getting banned, meaning a lower supply of bot-leveled cheap smurf accounts. Therefor the price of those accounts will increase in price due to supply and demand shenanigans
            More importantly, maybe, it's supposed to identify unique PCs, so no multi-boxing/account spamming/account sharing between 'friends' on the same hardware might slow down low-effort bot farms.
            But his speculations was that botted accounts wont be used which just isnt true is it?
                They didn't say that though? They said *super cheap* botted accounts, specifically. They never said botted accounts won't exist at all. Or atleast that's how I interpreted it
                    Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
                        I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
                        Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
                        Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
                        $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
    These accounts already get banned super super fast, I wonder if they're actually causing as many issues as people think in the handful of games they survive
        They don’t ban these accounts because it makes their detection methods easier to find. They focus on banning accounts that are actually cheating. 
            Also, maybe somewhat, because people who use these accounts tend to spend money. A lot of them are probably people who had their main banned, and maybe they drop $10 to buy a skin for their champ. That's a lotta extra money for Riot.
                Given how much these accounts absolutely destroy any new player experience, I think riot isn’t super happy about those. 
        Neither me or my friends have ever gotten a single bought account banned.
SmurfQ was just so much better and it felt like it was so much improvable still. I as a returning player was put in smurfQ and got shitstomped for like 20 games, but then I got out of it and the game quality was so much better without smurfs. Was worth it, but I'm sure they could work out a system where it doesnt happen (I think you were put in smurfQ if just your MMR and visual rank disparity were too high, or something really dumb / basic like that, rather than workout out a more complex prediction model).
As someone who used to smurf a lot, I loved Smurf que, and it was always really competitive.
Why are you commenting if you haven't read the post? What phroxzon is talking about is "ranked seeding", which is the practice of seeding your rank with your non-ranked performance. This means that you will not start in plat/emerald by default, actually, as riot phroxzon wrote in this very post, the average new account starts in silver 4.
objectively untrue lol
it is the purpose of ranked seeding
With wild numbers like 10%+ of masters games having botting problems, I'd love to see a graph of how Vanguard changes things.
If it is affected. Valorant has had Vanguard since the beginning and it still has cheaters.
While this would require more games to rank up, isn't it objectively better for you to take the more consistent +20/18?   
  
Each game you lose is also a game you didn't win. I understand with an 80% w/r this deal may not be ideal but I find it hard to speculate that you have a lot of games on your account as the system should always push you towards a 50% w/r over time (as your MMR rises).
here is their post on it 
https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Value vs number of people affected
    Riot gave you ranked restriction when you were toxic before where you had to WIN draft game to unlock ranked again, but here is this guy using a corporate post from riot to tell us that activating a 10 game ranked barrière is too hard. 

You have to be really naive to believe it's too hard to do for riot. It has NOTHING to do with the size of the company lol
        Nowhere in the post is Phroxzon saying that it would be "too hard" to implement, he literally explains that they could do it within a few months if all goes well if they wanted to. You didn't understand the point at all.

They haven't felt like a normal game requirement in order to be able to play ranked is worth the cost and resources compared to other things they're doing, that's all there is to it.
        Or you actually know how coding a video game works and realise it's a ton of work involving many departments for very little result and won't bother putting resources on it and rather put it on more important/impactful things.
            Except this isn't coding the video game, it's a simple api call to the number of games and an in-client pop up. The simplest web dev task ever. If this is hard to implement, Riot either has managers that have ravaged its teams to a halt or bozo devs who can't do this. The cost of this SHOULD NEVER be high.
                This would do nothing to combat botting.
            I work in an IT company with weekly product release. So I know what it takes to do even a small change in the code, don't try to teach me what it takes.

Riot releases monthly league of legends patches but this guy believes they really can't input a GAME COUNT in the game lololololololol
                I dont see how that would change anything to botted account but ok.

I very much doubt you are a developper.
                    Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
                        I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
        Good point.
    Honestly the most interesting part of that was finding out there's actually a client team lol

My buddies and I (who all have played the game for around 10 years) were just talking recently about how we can't remember ever thinking "wow the client works really well this patch" it just feels like it's never been in a good state

Interesting read though, few of those tasks they listed could be done really quickly but Ik it must be complicated having to keep all the international teams on the same page
    Bro that whole post reads like total BS lmao. They are literally saying "its too difficult" without really going into the details of why other than "we'd need different teams to work on it". 

Its literally just an overview of how software development (and most businesses) work in general. They could have made that exact same post about any other change that people want. What I get from reading this is that they simply rather work on other things, AKA its not a priority for them. They could have just said that.
        Yes? He is literally using the feature as an example and says specifically that? He's using it as an example to show why simple things actually take a lot of time.
            Stop asking redditors who possibly haven't worked a single day in their life to upscale any type of work to a billion dollar company level.   
I work in a small company (<20 people) and even the slightest change has to be approved by people above me, before being approved by the finance department and finally changed.
        Unfortunately it's not bullshit, and it's not even a riot specific problem. This is an unsolved problem, coordination becomes significantly harder at scale. ALl big organisations, corporations and goverments alike, suffer from it to a significant instead. You can maybe do it a bit better than Riot, but not to a great extent.
Since when 10 games can determine your skills anyway? If its not 30 its almost useless.
    It would mainly be to target bot accounts that only queue intro until lvl 30. If you're actually a new player and don't play any norms before ranked you should be placed in Iron 4, where you belong.
It's not impossible just a bureaucratic pain in the ass to implement a feature that requires cooperation from like 3 or 4 different departments to implement for minimal impact.
they have literally 0 players so yeah those problems of scale don't really apply
    Locking ranked behind a required amount of standard games isn’t exactly a novel or complex idea
        In league the requirement was playing 100s of games to reach lvl 30 but bots kinda circumvented that
    Playerbase doesn't have anything to do with coding a system that requires you to play X amount of summoner's rift games before entering ranked.


Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
        https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
            Yes because Riot is going to tell you the truth instead of just saying "We're too lazy to do it" or "It would actively make us less money to do this as it would discourage smurfing".



I have a bridge to sell you.
                it's about how change in any large org works, please stop you are embarrassing yourself
                    the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
I will never get understand why competitive games tolerate smurfing. Practicing and playing with friends should be done in normals. I’m sick of the excuses and as you put it, it’s a broken culture.
    Not sure if you're disagreeing in parts or misunderstanding, but to clarify, I highlighted that smurfing isn't a problem on its own - what is a problem is how players use it as an ego boost and not a learning tool more often than not (in League of Legends). Ultimately we shouldn't care much about smurfs *because if the ranked system is broken and/or intentionally slowed down* then they level up quickly AND we understand and accept that a public ranked ladder is inherently going to be lesser in quality.
        Brother. It’s both. I’ve snurfed my ass off in different games. Sure it’s to learn new things or try stuff but it’s also partly because it’s fun to stomp and feels good to be the carry. 

We can’t have an honest conversation where people pretend that smurfing is purely practice. Practice on your main with your rank on the line or play fucking normals.  It’s fun to boost your friends. I get all that but it doesn’t make it right. Hard stop.

I don’t care what you’re practicing. You don’t lose your game sense and abilities because you change accounts.
            I agree with you. The argument “it allows the worse player to learn from playing vs the Smurf” can only be true when the Smurf is of similar level (ex- plat smurf, gold other player). If the smurf is spacing the other player impeccably, csing well, having good back timers, pushing waves in order to achieve macro goals, jng tracking etc, there’s a pretty severe limit to what the gold player could learn from being stomped that soundly.
the ladder in itself is probably redundant after more then a decade, but that stems from the game being a massive online pvp platform. the part that riot lost long ago is entegrity of said ladder. that comes from not handing out enough ban's over the course of time or not implementing something similar like vanguard earlier (even if the bots would've been handleveld then all along).

the prob with league is, your success in climbing or winning can be calculated (levelofskill + time) and just needs a handful of (hard to master) requirements. if you master those things like leeching in a duo for example you have the possibility to thrive a few bucks out of it. be it bad things like smurfing, acc leveling, betting or the good stuff streaming, coaching (giving player advice by watching replays, not logging on). so all that the real game turns around are the players that reach that sweet spot were you're able to even earn a buck. thats basically 3% of the whole ladder if I'm not wrong. instead of looking for those people's ip/hwid (as they're even known by riot) for example if they go on the riot streaming business - riot refuses to administrate such things. they don't have either the bad nor the good guys that play the game on their screen. they can kinda do whatever they want. 

all I want to say here is that vanguard will probably change nothing (regarding leveling alt-accounts). maybe a small decrease in asian countrysides but I doubt. simply because the bot accounts are already leveld and those are many. even if we see a massive banwave right after vanguard release (which I refuse to believe going to happen bec of false positives) would only solve one chunk of the problem. simply because you can expect that handleveling will make a huge comeback. lowering entrance matches to 10 and you could've never brought up vanguard at all. all you need to be successful seller was great skill and lots and lots of time (to pump matches). basically only a few low level throw away accounts will be rarer or similar expensive like silver/golds then.

the prob where all of this stems from is that riot doesn't understand what a referee is (when every player is in a competitive environment). the esl had the same thought back then, and tried to deliver it with having at least admins for their competitive games. even that wasn't perfect but the ladder webpage was clear and showed everyone kind of. the client doesn't have any of theose feature that the esl had (for dota1 e.g.) and it lacks any admin service after all. clash kinda proves this every now and then. league's competitive integrity is really low to non existent as the playersize is simply to big, account creating and infesting is a basic and not looking over things like this inflates the whole game slowly but surely. to a point that ranks alltogether gonna lose their meaning, despite maybe the top200-300 players that riot could always figure out beforehand.
In none of those games did he get 30 kills against golds and emeralds? The only time they performed was when the enemy team was bronze or silver mix
    [https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8](https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8)  
I guess you're right.
Gold 3 would be about average according to the data on leagueofgraphs. And I would argue a ranked system should place you somewhere below average on default. So somewhere in Silver is a good starting point.
you underestimate how degenerate and addicted smurfs are
    I know some will, but I personally only bought a Smurf once to help a friend put of bronze cause it was dirt cheap. Once they cost more than 10 bucks a lot of people will stop getting them
    U won’t see people acting the same way when the accounts will cost 10-20 dollars compared to 1-2 since now if they get banned suddenly it’s 20-40 dollars spent if they want another Smurf instead of 2-4 dollars it’s just simple logic that this change will = less Smurfs and less toxic Smurfs and yes right now that is about the price of hand leveled accounts last time I checked.
There's MacOS and I'm sure they'll eventually find a way to do it on Windows as well. I personally don't think Vanguard is being implemented to combat botting or smurfing, because the other available solutions are so glaringly obvious and simple, that we'll know when they're serious about it.
    It's a happy side effect.  

If asking for government IDs is your easy solution, I have some very bad news for you.
        Well it's time for the USA to get on board and issue national IDs.
    And what solutions are those? Serious question.
        I would assume one of them is only allowing people one account per person by introducing phone verification for accounts like how its done in clash already

That wouldnt really solve anything since anyone whos remotely motivated can circumvent it easily enough but that is one of those solutions that is often parroted as the holy grail on this sub
            Phone verification is trivially easy to bypass. It will at most raise bot prices by around 50 cents
                VOIPs are filtered by a lot of signup pages now.
                phone number verification that requires a reply verification.

couple that with email verification to cross two forms of verification.

require both for password changes.

you could go even further with ID verification for accounts "for age reasons".

this would be significant enough of a hurdle to hamstring botted accounts. It does come at the expense of new players barrier to entry though.
                    Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
                    You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
                        That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
            Can’t really do that for places like eu since they have to follow the different laws and policy’s of the countries the only reason why Korea and china has it is bcs of their government enforcing it I belive 
            [deleted]
                As we should.
                    Preach King
    I'd love to hear your "glaringly obvious and simple" ideas as well. If you're talking about hardware bans, that's addressed directly in the Vanguard article (TLDR: too easy to fake hardware ID, Vanguard might help mitigate this).
    Botting is scripting... Except it's even easier to detect. So you are just wrong. If they are going after scripters that includes all the bots as well. And no reason not to ban them. They already do that currently just not that well.
        "easier to detect" yet they need Vanguard to detect it. It is still hard to detect a bot. It would be easier to not allow players to have multiple accounts, but riot for some reason wants to combat smurfing while allowing smurfing
            And how exactly is it easier to disallow smurfing on its own? If I level 2 or 3 accounts myself and play on them there is not much they can do, I can always tell them it is me and my siblings playing on the same machine. But detecting and banning accounts which are clearly only used to level up fast and sell illegally should be much easier, as there are a lot of patterns they can use to detect this.
                1. Introduce mandatory 2FA. You wouldn't be able to have multiple accounts while having just one phone number. 
2. As you said, smurfs would need to level those accounts by hand, not buy it, as HWID would detect that the account is not created by them. 
3. Ban for smurfing - while it doesn't make easier to detect such accounts, it would disencourage people to do so.
4. It is obvious for streamers that they play on a smurf account, so in that case it would be better.

That's it, nothing super complicated. DOTA fights smurfs and it seems like there is an effect of doing so, so I don't see a reason why LOL wouldn't do it
    I like the theory that Riot doesn't want to get rid of botter accounts because it boosts their player count numbers.
        Riot literally has an API that allows you to grab the numbers of ranked games played each patch, e.g. Lolalytics. General player numbers aren't visible for various reasons (such as bot numbers potentially inflating them and pingponging up and down due to ban waves) but the people who actually have access to the player count numbers aren't going to be stupid enough to pretend bots don't exist.
Botting itself will be much harder to go, since rn you can lend a servers and do 32 virtual machines at once, after vanguard 1 pc = 1 game client. 
    Back to the old Strat of having some Indian dudes level your accounts for a fraction of what you sell them for
        The indian dude will still want to get 1-2€ per hour, let's say he plays on 3 accs at the same time, and let's assume it takes 50 hours per acc that means accs will cost at least 15-20€
            handleveled acc already cost more than that
                TBF that's because there's no market for them because of botted accounts. IF botted accounts are impossible, you'll see farms in Venezuela with rooms of 50 computers where Grandmothers and 8 year olds are playing on 3 accounts at once speed running intro bots.
The entire point of selling mass botted accounts is making money in the fastest most painless way possible.  

If it's too much of a pain in the ass/not profitable enough, the average botters will do the most logical action.   
Move to the next best thing.
If Riot actually cared. Yes, this would be an obvious flag for observation. But they don’t care
I don't think they care that much because a percentage of sold accounts also spend money on skins/champs. People willing to spend money on an account (even if its $2-3) are probably more likely to spend money on skins/champs.
nope as they don't hog hardware id nor ip's of any players. plus they don't ban anyone based on this because of écafe's and pc-bang's. they encourage multi account creation sort of and have only a few admins looking only into high elo matches as samplesize. vanguard combats and tracks just suspicious tools on your pc and comparing those frequently with a list of marketed cheats, thats basically all of it. everything else would contradict their own company marketing goals more or less.
Super easy to raise 2 at the same time. Buy Yuumi and level an ADC. I can get to Lv30 in a day and I play Support/JG. If I hard carry a bot lane, I can do it more quickly
    can't believe I forgot about yuumi. Yeah, yuumi makes things much easier
        Yet another reason that shit champ shouldn’t exist.
    30 in a day? Wtf
    In a Day ? Last time i had leveled it took me a month lol
    How can you reach lvl 30 in a day? At least without xp boost that sounds impossible
They already get flagged up by the drastic change in IP and player activity - they choose to not police hand leveled accounts for the most part cause they're less problematic.
    Also because those players probably spend money on the game. The people willing to spend $3 on an account are probably more likely than the average player to spend money on RP.
But was it wrong? wasnt fresh acc mmr the best optimal way to climb , yes not in the long run if you suck and are boosted but in short income? yes it was so the problem is from the root of this ranking system and not ppl trying to find placebo
    Making/buying a new account playing 5 games to get seeded much higher and never playing on that account for barging rights isn't climbing(which will instantly get called out). It's just a huge waste of time.
    Yes it is wrong. Unless your sole goal is to reach say plat IV or Emerald IV and then sit on your hands.

You wont improve, you are still the same skill as always. New MMR can make you reach a bit higher or way lower depending on you get a lucky streak or not. And while a silver player might actually reach emerald IV if they are insanely lucky and get carried a lot in their first games, they will drop if they keep playing. Because guess why, they are silver players.

But yeah, if you just want to stop at E4 and play normals and brag about some worthless rating then go for it. Then it works. But you wont climb anything meaningful.
It's not wrong though. Riot has literally admitted they "settle" old accounts and make it harder to gain rank even if your skill level increases. Nobody should have their accounts become artificially hardstuck in an ever changing game like League.
    practically no one -really- improves fast enough for this to matter.

It's only a soft effect, if I as a master tier player went on a gold players 10 season in a row gold account and played at a 90% win rate, it would barely take more games to reach diamond than doing so on a new account
You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally. Most players still in silver just don't care. A few will buy accounts just for the thrill of higher placement sure, but the vast majority of the smurf activity is conducted by emeralds where players really start to plateau despite tryharding

Edit: bunch of emeralds mad
    > You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally

And you are underestimating them lol. There are *thousands* of low elo players who very much do care about their rank but cant climb, it has been one of the main things of the ranked community since the existence of the game lmao. I guess you werent around when the forums were still up where you would get 10-20 rage posts by low elo players how they couldnt climb every single day.
        Old silver and gold have inflated to platinum by now. Current silver is just players who don't care or if fhey care they haven't committed to the real grind yet (they play like 30 champions across all 5 roles and with wacky builds)
the dev's encouraged that thinking and its basically true. just think about the 'news' of smurf queue a year or so ago. if you had a long existent account (no matter your played mmr) you would easily put into the smurf detection treadmill without any further reasoning by riot. that just yells *"level/buy an fresh alt account and climb!!"* to me more then anything else would and they basically approved it that way.
>hey boss this guy did 1-30 on aram and is queuing up for ranked SR

>seems legit, let him through
    Oh well but he played so many arams! He must have learned something about summoners rift am I right?
        eh, they can figure out the map quick enough. Learning what all the champions do is significantly more time consuming.
            You are kidding, right?
                No not at all. If someone hit level 30 in arams only they will completely destroy some random new player that is level 5 only playing summoners rift. 

Odds are they will play atleast a few summoners rift games before going into ranked. They'll be fine. Either way they are going to get destroyed and placed in potato elo.
                    Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
                        It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
All modes can easily be botted
    >in modes that can easily be botted **without incurring in many human players' reports**

Just finish reading the sentence. You can do it.

Of course you can run bots in every mode. Even ranked. But doing that will mean 4 reports per game at minimum and a ban along the way.
> It's not a coincidence that they let you level up accounts in modes that can easily be botted without incurring in many human players' reports. It's to please the smurfs

It is so that players only playing in ARAM and other fun modes can level up and buy new champions and the few cosmetics things you get.
    You can have both. Level up accounts in all modes and have a normal games requirement for ranked.

If you're worried about total number of games, make lvl 25 + X amount of normal games (those nornallly necessary to reach lvl 30) the new requirement for unlocking ranked. It's that simple.
Yes but those are not new players. They’re smurfs
    Yes, exactly, those are the people that the x normal games rule is supposed to target
And where's that "somewhere"? That also directly contradicts them actively trying to combat smurfing for the past few years with varying degrees of success (smurf Q, better botted account detection etc). 

Hand leveled accounts will always be a problem but they are not nearly as big of a problem as the cheap $1 ebay accounts with a bunch of blue essence that people just give 0 fucks for and run down games with before buying another one.
    “Somewhere” is presumably Riot HQ. I could wrongly assume that’s where they keep the accountants?
        "Somewhere", as in, give a source of said Riot accountant (presumably not a disgruntled ex-employee) sharing that info bruh
>  getting rid of smurfing is difficult

Only if you care about finances over your actual customers.
> thats partly right. did they explained what cases of smurfing they meant?

https://www.leagueoflegends.com/en-us/news/dev/dev-vanguard-x-lol/

Here's the post that pretty much explains what they hope to accomplish with Vanguard.

Like I said in a different comment, I don't think some dia guy smurfing with a hand leveled account is nearly as much of a problem as people who buy $1 ebay accounts that they do not care for because they can just pay $1 for another one. 

IF Vanguard works like riot hopes it does it might be great for the future of the game. But I agree its a few years late and Riot knows this too. The amount of stock the botters have must be pretty insane currently. Recent accounts, however, get banned relatively quickly if they're not handleveled although a lot of them slip through the cracks.
They addressed alt accounts in their Vanguard post. Basically, once Vanguard is installed the PC will be tied to the player, more robust than simple HWID. (They don't just use a single metric.)

They even specifically called out smurfs saying that if someone gets/starts an alt account, they will know it's a regular player and handle them accordingly. This will suck for people sharing their computer (and they have a different metric for other countries with PC bangs, etc.) but overall it'll be an improvement on western servers, where it's usually 1 player per computer.

They even mentioned specifically players playing on separate accounts to play with lower ranked players, the "unfairly" gaining rank. I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, assuming they're using the same computer.

I'm a little dubious still, but will still wait and see how it pans out.
    cant wait honestly, my last 5 game in d1 were decided by who had the best level 30 adc lol, win or loss
        Now imagine how us low elo players feel on our lvl 200 main suddenly getting wiped by a lvl 52 Vayne.
            Probably the exact same way it does for me, fackin awful lol, never add an alt and i hate all smurfs🗣
        If u you let your games be decided by adcs its doomed anyway lol
    > I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, 

And what does this actually achieve? Will his gold account get Master MMR without playing or what are they implying here?
        Yes this is what has been implied. 

However they made it clear that this is something Vanguard would make possible, eventualy. It won't be working as soon as Vanguard comes out.
        Yes. There are literally Twitch streamers who offer to boost your account to Diamond if you tier 3 subscribe or redeem enough channel points.
    wouldn't that metric then work for example against pro's or are they excluded? I point that out because of their atricious queue timers that would be even longer after vanguard then, not only thinking about a pro dodging a match and then swapping to their alt. or do they exclude the top200 players somehow, as that would really hurt their waiting times - not even on their original but on all their alts equally. simply because enough high elo couldn't do the switcheroo anymore. 

I ask because I didn't knew that vanguard goes this deep as it would contradict other stuff (that for high elo).
    That can help with placing the new account more accurately, but does it address being able to hop on that new account to evade bans and dodge timers? They haven’t taken a stance on how many accounts a player is allowed for example.
        multiple accounts are allowed. they even celebrated tyler1 smurfing on 5 accounts to challenger.
            Yes it’s unreal how blatant the streaming community is about it lol
        Multiple accounts is fine to me. It’s that someone can go from their Emerald to a Bronze and ruin multiple games for people. With Vanguard tracking hopefully that hardware ID will limit this jumping.
I don’t understand why would they be fucked? If you’ve only played 200 games of ranked then you’re silver player lol. Maybe even bronze.
    That's totally possible, like I said I've never even taken the time to climb. All I do know is that as your account ages your gains become less, this is a factual proven thing. It's been a reoccurring issue every season. I personally don't care. I'm almost 99% aram unless I get friends to force me to play on the rift. Really...not a big deal for me but I am aware.
        Yes you’re right about that. The old accounts don’t well on gains.
            and therefor indirectly encourages *what exactly*? I think you know it hopefully.

its a redundant system in the lower ranks. basically it would be better if the whole system would take cpm/apm of other sr modes to evaluate a true skill mmr with the information. which will never happen.
                I don’t think so actually. Summoners rift is a far different game. My friend is an Aram warrior himself. He’s always like bro I have all these plat and emerald players in my games. And meanwhile he’s never left bronze in ranked because he doesn’t get the basic macro of the game.
So you don't care and don't play ranked...but "fuck your system" and are complaining about it...even though you don't use it or want to use it? Wild. You dont get to be X desired rank by playing 15 games a year, that's not how this works. You have to earn it by playing.

"Fuck your system" is something I would reserve a system where players who play 15 games a season and get diamond (or their desired rank).
Apparently you are bad though your LP literally is telling you you aren't good enough for your rank
>I wasn't losing every game

>+18/-31

Pick one, you don't get both
post your op.gg and evidence of +18 - 31 then
    He wont. It's crazy to me how normalized blaming the ranked algorithm is on here compared to every other stock cope excuse, when at the end of the day, nobody that wins more than they lose worries about lp gains
        just another version of the same old elo hell excuse that has been around since the beginning of the game. It gets a new coat of paint with a new name and more sophisticated window dressing every few years, but its the same old idea.
i dropped my acc down to silver 2 by playing random shit (started gold 2 climb p2 then fall of s2 by spamming zeri ap mid)

i had 47% win rate at some point, i climb back to P1 and i get +28 -25 with a 50% win rate on 500 games

so how do you get so low lp with that much wr
Many of them are players who want to have a better win percentage or easy games for a bit, so they want to start low elo and get a handful of free wins before they get corrected.
    I come across the occasional fresh acc that's actually a smurf but most of the fresh accs I play with in emerald clearly don't belong there. I'd say like 90% of them are the "I'm gold but I play like diamond" types of people
    If someone WANTS to play more games in a shitshow mmr just to have better winrate they're mentally ill.
        No, simply the feeling to exert power over others. Very basic concept of humanity.
I know a lot of people who can't hit master normally basically farm these accounts and try to get lucky and hit a win streak early, so that they can ride the inflated LP gains to master. The sad thing is, it works.
    for real.. some of the people i know who peak master and when i think about their level of play it is a bit absurd and i feel bad for their random teammates lol
    True... but you cant just be a plat/emerald player and ride inflated LP gains to masters. I would assume you have a massive leg up on other diamonds but there is just too much parity now to not get exposed in the ~30/40 games it takes to get there
        Oh yeah I am not talking about them, I am talking about the D3 hardstuck that plays on 5 accounts until he gets a lucky 12 game winstreak on one of them
There are quite a few people making new accounts to boost their peak rank from iron to emerald for a short time
Why?
    Vanguard will make it harder (probably not impossible) to bot without getting banned, meaning a lower supply of bot-leveled cheap smurf accounts. Therefor the price of those accounts will increase in price due to supply and demand shenanigans
        More importantly, maybe, it's supposed to identify unique PCs, so no multi-boxing/account spamming/account sharing between 'friends' on the same hardware might slow down low-effort bot farms.
        But his speculations was that botted accounts wont be used which just isnt true is it?
            They didn't say that though? They said *super cheap* botted accounts, specifically. They never said botted accounts won't exist at all. Or atleast that's how I interpreted it
                Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
                    I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
                    Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
                    Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
                    $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
These accounts already get banned super super fast, I wonder if they're actually causing as many issues as people think in the handful of games they survive
    They don’t ban these accounts because it makes their detection methods easier to find. They focus on banning accounts that are actually cheating. 
        Also, maybe somewhat, because people who use these accounts tend to spend money. A lot of them are probably people who had their main banned, and maybe they drop $10 to buy a skin for their champ. That's a lotta extra money for Riot.
            Given how much these accounts absolutely destroy any new player experience, I think riot isn’t super happy about those. 
    Neither me or my friends have ever gotten a single bought account banned.
Riot gave you ranked restriction when you were toxic before where you had to WIN draft game to unlock ranked again, but here is this guy using a corporate post from riot to tell us that activating a 10 game ranked barrière is too hard. 

You have to be really naive to believe it's too hard to do for riot. It has NOTHING to do with the size of the company lol
    Nowhere in the post is Phroxzon saying that it would be "too hard" to implement, he literally explains that they could do it within a few months if all goes well if they wanted to. You didn't understand the point at all.

They haven't felt like a normal game requirement in order to be able to play ranked is worth the cost and resources compared to other things they're doing, that's all there is to it.
    Or you actually know how coding a video game works and realise it's a ton of work involving many departments for very little result and won't bother putting resources on it and rather put it on more important/impactful things.
        Except this isn't coding the video game, it's a simple api call to the number of games and an in-client pop up. The simplest web dev task ever. If this is hard to implement, Riot either has managers that have ravaged its teams to a halt or bozo devs who can't do this. The cost of this SHOULD NEVER be high.
            This would do nothing to combat botting.
        I work in an IT company with weekly product release. So I know what it takes to do even a small change in the code, don't try to teach me what it takes.

Riot releases monthly league of legends patches but this guy believes they really can't input a GAME COUNT in the game lololololololol
            I dont see how that would change anything to botted account but ok.

I very much doubt you are a developper.
                Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
                    I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
    Good point.
Honestly the most interesting part of that was finding out there's actually a client team lol

My buddies and I (who all have played the game for around 10 years) were just talking recently about how we can't remember ever thinking "wow the client works really well this patch" it just feels like it's never been in a good state

Interesting read though, few of those tasks they listed could be done really quickly but Ik it must be complicated having to keep all the international teams on the same page
Bro that whole post reads like total BS lmao. They are literally saying "its too difficult" without really going into the details of why other than "we'd need different teams to work on it". 

Its literally just an overview of how software development (and most businesses) work in general. They could have made that exact same post about any other change that people want. What I get from reading this is that they simply rather work on other things, AKA its not a priority for them. They could have just said that.
    Yes? He is literally using the feature as an example and says specifically that? He's using it as an example to show why simple things actually take a lot of time.
        Stop asking redditors who possibly haven't worked a single day in their life to upscale any type of work to a billion dollar company level.   
I work in a small company (<20 people) and even the slightest change has to be approved by people above me, before being approved by the finance department and finally changed.
    Unfortunately it's not bullshit, and it's not even a riot specific problem. This is an unsolved problem, coordination becomes significantly harder at scale. ALl big organisations, corporations and goverments alike, suffer from it to a significant instead. You can maybe do it a bit better than Riot, but not to a great extent.
It would mainly be to target bot accounts that only queue intro until lvl 30. If you're actually a new player and don't play any norms before ranked you should be placed in Iron 4, where you belong.
Locking ranked behind a required amount of standard games isn’t exactly a novel or complex idea
    In league the requirement was playing 100s of games to reach lvl 30 but bots kinda circumvented that
Playerbase doesn't have anything to do with coding a system that requires you to play X amount of summoner's rift games before entering ranked.


Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
    https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
        Yes because Riot is going to tell you the truth instead of just saying "We're too lazy to do it" or "It would actively make us less money to do this as it would discourage smurfing".



I have a bridge to sell you.
            it's about how change in any large org works, please stop you are embarrassing yourself
                the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
Not sure if you're disagreeing in parts or misunderstanding, but to clarify, I highlighted that smurfing isn't a problem on its own - what is a problem is how players use it as an ego boost and not a learning tool more often than not (in League of Legends). Ultimately we shouldn't care much about smurfs *because if the ranked system is broken and/or intentionally slowed down* then they level up quickly AND we understand and accept that a public ranked ladder is inherently going to be lesser in quality.
    Brother. It’s both. I’ve snurfed my ass off in different games. Sure it’s to learn new things or try stuff but it’s also partly because it’s fun to stomp and feels good to be the carry. 

We can’t have an honest conversation where people pretend that smurfing is purely practice. Practice on your main with your rank on the line or play fucking normals.  It’s fun to boost your friends. I get all that but it doesn’t make it right. Hard stop.

I don’t care what you’re practicing. You don’t lose your game sense and abilities because you change accounts.
        I agree with you. The argument “it allows the worse player to learn from playing vs the Smurf” can only be true when the Smurf is of similar level (ex- plat smurf, gold other player). If the smurf is spacing the other player impeccably, csing well, having good back timers, pushing waves in order to achieve macro goals, jng tracking etc, there’s a pretty severe limit to what the gold player could learn from being stomped that soundly.
[https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8](https://www.leagueofgraphs.com/match/na/4926648533#participant8)  
I guess you're right.
I know some will, but I personally only bought a Smurf once to help a friend put of bronze cause it was dirt cheap. Once they cost more than 10 bucks a lot of people will stop getting them
U won’t see people acting the same way when the accounts will cost 10-20 dollars compared to 1-2 since now if they get banned suddenly it’s 20-40 dollars spent if they want another Smurf instead of 2-4 dollars it’s just simple logic that this change will = less Smurfs and less toxic Smurfs and yes right now that is about the price of hand leveled accounts last time I checked.
It's a happy side effect.  

If asking for government IDs is your easy solution, I have some very bad news for you.
    Well it's time for the USA to get on board and issue national IDs.
And what solutions are those? Serious question.
    I would assume one of them is only allowing people one account per person by introducing phone verification for accounts like how its done in clash already

That wouldnt really solve anything since anyone whos remotely motivated can circumvent it easily enough but that is one of those solutions that is often parroted as the holy grail on this sub
        Phone verification is trivially easy to bypass. It will at most raise bot prices by around 50 cents
            VOIPs are filtered by a lot of signup pages now.
            phone number verification that requires a reply verification.

couple that with email verification to cross two forms of verification.

require both for password changes.

you could go even further with ID verification for accounts "for age reasons".

this would be significant enough of a hurdle to hamstring botted accounts. It does come at the expense of new players barrier to entry though.
                Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
                You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
                    That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
        Can’t really do that for places like eu since they have to follow the different laws and policy’s of the countries the only reason why Korea and china has it is bcs of their government enforcing it I belive 
        [deleted]
            As we should.
                Preach King
I'd love to hear your "glaringly obvious and simple" ideas as well. If you're talking about hardware bans, that's addressed directly in the Vanguard article (TLDR: too easy to fake hardware ID, Vanguard might help mitigate this).
Botting is scripting... Except it's even easier to detect. So you are just wrong. If they are going after scripters that includes all the bots as well. And no reason not to ban them. They already do that currently just not that well.
    "easier to detect" yet they need Vanguard to detect it. It is still hard to detect a bot. It would be easier to not allow players to have multiple accounts, but riot for some reason wants to combat smurfing while allowing smurfing
        And how exactly is it easier to disallow smurfing on its own? If I level 2 or 3 accounts myself and play on them there is not much they can do, I can always tell them it is me and my siblings playing on the same machine. But detecting and banning accounts which are clearly only used to level up fast and sell illegally should be much easier, as there are a lot of patterns they can use to detect this.
            1. Introduce mandatory 2FA. You wouldn't be able to have multiple accounts while having just one phone number. 
2. As you said, smurfs would need to level those accounts by hand, not buy it, as HWID would detect that the account is not created by them. 
3. Ban for smurfing - while it doesn't make easier to detect such accounts, it would disencourage people to do so.
4. It is obvious for streamers that they play on a smurf account, so in that case it would be better.

That's it, nothing super complicated. DOTA fights smurfs and it seems like there is an effect of doing so, so I don't see a reason why LOL wouldn't do it
I like the theory that Riot doesn't want to get rid of botter accounts because it boosts their player count numbers.
    Riot literally has an API that allows you to grab the numbers of ranked games played each patch, e.g. Lolalytics. General player numbers aren't visible for various reasons (such as bot numbers potentially inflating them and pingponging up and down due to ban waves) but the people who actually have access to the player count numbers aren't going to be stupid enough to pretend bots don't exist.
Back to the old Strat of having some Indian dudes level your accounts for a fraction of what you sell them for
    The indian dude will still want to get 1-2€ per hour, let's say he plays on 3 accs at the same time, and let's assume it takes 50 hours per acc that means accs will cost at least 15-20€
        handleveled acc already cost more than that
            TBF that's because there's no market for them because of botted accounts. IF botted accounts are impossible, you'll see farms in Venezuela with rooms of 50 computers where Grandmothers and 8 year olds are playing on 3 accounts at once speed running intro bots.
can't believe I forgot about yuumi. Yeah, yuumi makes things much easier
    Yet another reason that shit champ shouldn’t exist.
30 in a day? Wtf
In a Day ? Last time i had leveled it took me a month lol
How can you reach lvl 30 in a day? At least without xp boost that sounds impossible
Also because those players probably spend money on the game. The people willing to spend $3 on an account are probably more likely than the average player to spend money on RP.
Making/buying a new account playing 5 games to get seeded much higher and never playing on that account for barging rights isn't climbing(which will instantly get called out). It's just a huge waste of time.
Yes it is wrong. Unless your sole goal is to reach say plat IV or Emerald IV and then sit on your hands.

You wont improve, you are still the same skill as always. New MMR can make you reach a bit higher or way lower depending on you get a lucky streak or not. And while a silver player might actually reach emerald IV if they are insanely lucky and get carried a lot in their first games, they will drop if they keep playing. Because guess why, they are silver players.

But yeah, if you just want to stop at E4 and play normals and brag about some worthless rating then go for it. Then it works. But you wont climb anything meaningful.
practically no one -really- improves fast enough for this to matter.

It's only a soft effect, if I as a master tier player went on a gold players 10 season in a row gold account and played at a 90% win rate, it would barely take more games to reach diamond than doing so on a new account
> You are overestimating silver/gold skill level. Any silver player that cares enough for his elo to build up frustration at the thought of being hardstuck will climb naturally

And you are underestimating them lol. There are *thousands* of low elo players who very much do care about their rank but cant climb, it has been one of the main things of the ranked community since the existence of the game lmao. I guess you werent around when the forums were still up where you would get 10-20 rage posts by low elo players how they couldnt climb every single day.
    Old silver and gold have inflated to platinum by now. Current silver is just players who don't care or if fhey care they haven't committed to the real grind yet (they play like 30 champions across all 5 roles and with wacky builds)
Oh well but he played so many arams! He must have learned something about summoners rift am I right?
    eh, they can figure out the map quick enough. Learning what all the champions do is significantly more time consuming.
        You are kidding, right?
            No not at all. If someone hit level 30 in arams only they will completely destroy some random new player that is level 5 only playing summoners rift. 

Odds are they will play atleast a few summoners rift games before going into ranked. They'll be fine. Either way they are going to get destroyed and placed in potato elo.
                Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
                    It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
>in modes that can easily be botted **without incurring in many human players' reports**

Just finish reading the sentence. You can do it.

Of course you can run bots in every mode. Even ranked. But doing that will mean 4 reports per game at minimum and a ban along the way.
You can have both. Level up accounts in all modes and have a normal games requirement for ranked.

If you're worried about total number of games, make lvl 25 + X amount of normal games (those nornallly necessary to reach lvl 30) the new requirement for unlocking ranked. It's that simple.
Yes, exactly, those are the people that the x normal games rule is supposed to target
“Somewhere” is presumably Riot HQ. I could wrongly assume that’s where they keep the accountants?
    "Somewhere", as in, give a source of said Riot accountant (presumably not a disgruntled ex-employee) sharing that info bruh
cant wait honestly, my last 5 game in d1 were decided by who had the best level 30 adc lol, win or loss
    Now imagine how us low elo players feel on our lvl 200 main suddenly getting wiped by a lvl 52 Vayne.
        Probably the exact same way it does for me, fackin awful lol, never add an alt and i hate all smurfs🗣
    If u you let your games be decided by adcs its doomed anyway lol
> I.e. someone's masters friend hopping on a gold account to play with them will still be flagged as that master player on the back end, 

And what does this actually achieve? Will his gold account get Master MMR without playing or what are they implying here?
    Yes this is what has been implied. 

However they made it clear that this is something Vanguard would make possible, eventualy. It won't be working as soon as Vanguard comes out.
    Yes. There are literally Twitch streamers who offer to boost your account to Diamond if you tier 3 subscribe or redeem enough channel points.
wouldn't that metric then work for example against pro's or are they excluded? I point that out because of their atricious queue timers that would be even longer after vanguard then, not only thinking about a pro dodging a match and then swapping to their alt. or do they exclude the top200 players somehow, as that would really hurt their waiting times - not even on their original but on all their alts equally. simply because enough high elo couldn't do the switcheroo anymore. 

I ask because I didn't knew that vanguard goes this deep as it would contradict other stuff (that for high elo).
That can help with placing the new account more accurately, but does it address being able to hop on that new account to evade bans and dodge timers? They haven’t taken a stance on how many accounts a player is allowed for example.
    multiple accounts are allowed. they even celebrated tyler1 smurfing on 5 accounts to challenger.
        Yes it’s unreal how blatant the streaming community is about it lol
    Multiple accounts is fine to me. It’s that someone can go from their Emerald to a Bronze and ruin multiple games for people. With Vanguard tracking hopefully that hardware ID will limit this jumping.
That's totally possible, like I said I've never even taken the time to climb. All I do know is that as your account ages your gains become less, this is a factual proven thing. It's been a reoccurring issue every season. I personally don't care. I'm almost 99% aram unless I get friends to force me to play on the rift. Really...not a big deal for me but I am aware.
    Yes you’re right about that. The old accounts don’t well on gains.
        and therefor indirectly encourages *what exactly*? I think you know it hopefully.

its a redundant system in the lower ranks. basically it would be better if the whole system would take cpm/apm of other sr modes to evaluate a true skill mmr with the information. which will never happen.
            I don’t think so actually. Summoners rift is a far different game. My friend is an Aram warrior himself. He’s always like bro I have all these plat and emerald players in my games. And meanwhile he’s never left bronze in ranked because he doesn’t get the basic macro of the game.
He wont. It's crazy to me how normalized blaming the ranked algorithm is on here compared to every other stock cope excuse, when at the end of the day, nobody that wins more than they lose worries about lp gains
    just another version of the same old elo hell excuse that has been around since the beginning of the game. It gets a new coat of paint with a new name and more sophisticated window dressing every few years, but its the same old idea.
I come across the occasional fresh acc that's actually a smurf but most of the fresh accs I play with in emerald clearly don't belong there. I'd say like 90% of them are the "I'm gold but I play like diamond" types of people
If someone WANTS to play more games in a shitshow mmr just to have better winrate they're mentally ill.
    No, simply the feeling to exert power over others. Very basic concept of humanity.
for real.. some of the people i know who peak master and when i think about their level of play it is a bit absurd and i feel bad for their random teammates lol
True... but you cant just be a plat/emerald player and ride inflated LP gains to masters. I would assume you have a massive leg up on other diamonds but there is just too much parity now to not get exposed in the ~30/40 games it takes to get there
    Oh yeah I am not talking about them, I am talking about the D3 hardstuck that plays on 5 accounts until he gets a lucky 12 game winstreak on one of them
Vanguard will make it harder (probably not impossible) to bot without getting banned, meaning a lower supply of bot-leveled cheap smurf accounts. Therefor the price of those accounts will increase in price due to supply and demand shenanigans
    More importantly, maybe, it's supposed to identify unique PCs, so no multi-boxing/account spamming/account sharing between 'friends' on the same hardware might slow down low-effort bot farms.
    But his speculations was that botted accounts wont be used which just isnt true is it?
        They didn't say that though? They said *super cheap* botted accounts, specifically. They never said botted accounts won't exist at all. Or atleast that's how I interpreted it
            Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
                I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
                Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
                Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
                $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
They don’t ban these accounts because it makes their detection methods easier to find. They focus on banning accounts that are actually cheating. 
    Also, maybe somewhat, because people who use these accounts tend to spend money. A lot of them are probably people who had their main banned, and maybe they drop $10 to buy a skin for their champ. That's a lotta extra money for Riot.
        Given how much these accounts absolutely destroy any new player experience, I think riot isn’t super happy about those. 
Neither me or my friends have ever gotten a single bought account banned.
Nowhere in the post is Phroxzon saying that it would be "too hard" to implement, he literally explains that they could do it within a few months if all goes well if they wanted to. You didn't understand the point at all.

They haven't felt like a normal game requirement in order to be able to play ranked is worth the cost and resources compared to other things they're doing, that's all there is to it.
Or you actually know how coding a video game works and realise it's a ton of work involving many departments for very little result and won't bother putting resources on it and rather put it on more important/impactful things.
    Except this isn't coding the video game, it's a simple api call to the number of games and an in-client pop up. The simplest web dev task ever. If this is hard to implement, Riot either has managers that have ravaged its teams to a halt or bozo devs who can't do this. The cost of this SHOULD NEVER be high.
        This would do nothing to combat botting.
    I work in an IT company with weekly product release. So I know what it takes to do even a small change in the code, don't try to teach me what it takes.

Riot releases monthly league of legends patches but this guy believes they really can't input a GAME COUNT in the game lololololololol
        I dont see how that would change anything to botted account but ok.

I very much doubt you are a developper.
            Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
                I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
Good point.
Yes? He is literally using the feature as an example and says specifically that? He's using it as an example to show why simple things actually take a lot of time.
    Stop asking redditors who possibly haven't worked a single day in their life to upscale any type of work to a billion dollar company level.   
I work in a small company (<20 people) and even the slightest change has to be approved by people above me, before being approved by the finance department and finally changed.
Unfortunately it's not bullshit, and it's not even a riot specific problem. This is an unsolved problem, coordination becomes significantly harder at scale. ALl big organisations, corporations and goverments alike, suffer from it to a significant instead. You can maybe do it a bit better than Riot, but not to a great extent.
In league the requirement was playing 100s of games to reach lvl 30 but bots kinda circumvented that
https://old.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bm4izb/riot_phroxzon_on_software_development_scale_at/

Please do not comment on systems you do not understand, it actively makes the world a worse place.
    Yes because Riot is going to tell you the truth instead of just saying "We're too lazy to do it" or "It would actively make us less money to do this as it would discourage smurfing".



I have a bridge to sell you.
        it's about how change in any large org works, please stop you are embarrassing yourself
            the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
Brother. It’s both. I’ve snurfed my ass off in different games. Sure it’s to learn new things or try stuff but it’s also partly because it’s fun to stomp and feels good to be the carry. 

We can’t have an honest conversation where people pretend that smurfing is purely practice. Practice on your main with your rank on the line or play fucking normals.  It’s fun to boost your friends. I get all that but it doesn’t make it right. Hard stop.

I don’t care what you’re practicing. You don’t lose your game sense and abilities because you change accounts.
    I agree with you. The argument “it allows the worse player to learn from playing vs the Smurf” can only be true when the Smurf is of similar level (ex- plat smurf, gold other player). If the smurf is spacing the other player impeccably, csing well, having good back timers, pushing waves in order to achieve macro goals, jng tracking etc, there’s a pretty severe limit to what the gold player could learn from being stomped that soundly.
Well it's time for the USA to get on board and issue national IDs.
I would assume one of them is only allowing people one account per person by introducing phone verification for accounts like how its done in clash already

That wouldnt really solve anything since anyone whos remotely motivated can circumvent it easily enough but that is one of those solutions that is often parroted as the holy grail on this sub
    Phone verification is trivially easy to bypass. It will at most raise bot prices by around 50 cents
        VOIPs are filtered by a lot of signup pages now.
        phone number verification that requires a reply verification.

couple that with email verification to cross two forms of verification.

require both for password changes.

you could go even further with ID verification for accounts "for age reasons".

this would be significant enough of a hurdle to hamstring botted accounts. It does come at the expense of new players barrier to entry though.
            Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
            You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
                That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
    Can’t really do that for places like eu since they have to follow the different laws and policy’s of the countries the only reason why Korea and china has it is bcs of their government enforcing it I belive 
    [deleted]
        As we should.
            Preach King
"easier to detect" yet they need Vanguard to detect it. It is still hard to detect a bot. It would be easier to not allow players to have multiple accounts, but riot for some reason wants to combat smurfing while allowing smurfing
    And how exactly is it easier to disallow smurfing on its own? If I level 2 or 3 accounts myself and play on them there is not much they can do, I can always tell them it is me and my siblings playing on the same machine. But detecting and banning accounts which are clearly only used to level up fast and sell illegally should be much easier, as there are a lot of patterns they can use to detect this.
        1. Introduce mandatory 2FA. You wouldn't be able to have multiple accounts while having just one phone number. 
2. As you said, smurfs would need to level those accounts by hand, not buy it, as HWID would detect that the account is not created by them. 
3. Ban for smurfing - while it doesn't make easier to detect such accounts, it would disencourage people to do so.
4. It is obvious for streamers that they play on a smurf account, so in that case it would be better.

That's it, nothing super complicated. DOTA fights smurfs and it seems like there is an effect of doing so, so I don't see a reason why LOL wouldn't do it
Riot literally has an API that allows you to grab the numbers of ranked games played each patch, e.g. Lolalytics. General player numbers aren't visible for various reasons (such as bot numbers potentially inflating them and pingponging up and down due to ban waves) but the people who actually have access to the player count numbers aren't going to be stupid enough to pretend bots don't exist.
The indian dude will still want to get 1-2€ per hour, let's say he plays on 3 accs at the same time, and let's assume it takes 50 hours per acc that means accs will cost at least 15-20€
    handleveled acc already cost more than that
        TBF that's because there's no market for them because of botted accounts. IF botted accounts are impossible, you'll see farms in Venezuela with rooms of 50 computers where Grandmothers and 8 year olds are playing on 3 accounts at once speed running intro bots.
Yet another reason that shit champ shouldn’t exist.
Old silver and gold have inflated to platinum by now. Current silver is just players who don't care or if fhey care they haven't committed to the real grind yet (they play like 30 champions across all 5 roles and with wacky builds)
eh, they can figure out the map quick enough. Learning what all the champions do is significantly more time consuming.
    You are kidding, right?
        No not at all. If someone hit level 30 in arams only they will completely destroy some random new player that is level 5 only playing summoners rift. 

Odds are they will play atleast a few summoners rift games before going into ranked. They'll be fine. Either way they are going to get destroyed and placed in potato elo.
            Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
                It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
"Somewhere", as in, give a source of said Riot accountant (presumably not a disgruntled ex-employee) sharing that info bruh
Now imagine how us low elo players feel on our lvl 200 main suddenly getting wiped by a lvl 52 Vayne.
    Probably the exact same way it does for me, fackin awful lol, never add an alt and i hate all smurfs🗣
If u you let your games be decided by adcs its doomed anyway lol
Yes this is what has been implied. 

However they made it clear that this is something Vanguard would make possible, eventualy. It won't be working as soon as Vanguard comes out.
Yes. There are literally Twitch streamers who offer to boost your account to Diamond if you tier 3 subscribe or redeem enough channel points.
multiple accounts are allowed. they even celebrated tyler1 smurfing on 5 accounts to challenger.
    Yes it’s unreal how blatant the streaming community is about it lol
Multiple accounts is fine to me. It’s that someone can go from their Emerald to a Bronze and ruin multiple games for people. With Vanguard tracking hopefully that hardware ID will limit this jumping.
Yes you’re right about that. The old accounts don’t well on gains.
    and therefor indirectly encourages *what exactly*? I think you know it hopefully.

its a redundant system in the lower ranks. basically it would be better if the whole system would take cpm/apm of other sr modes to evaluate a true skill mmr with the information. which will never happen.
        I don’t think so actually. Summoners rift is a far different game. My friend is an Aram warrior himself. He’s always like bro I have all these plat and emerald players in my games. And meanwhile he’s never left bronze in ranked because he doesn’t get the basic macro of the game.
just another version of the same old elo hell excuse that has been around since the beginning of the game. It gets a new coat of paint with a new name and more sophisticated window dressing every few years, but its the same old idea.
No, simply the feeling to exert power over others. Very basic concept of humanity.
Oh yeah I am not talking about them, I am talking about the D3 hardstuck that plays on 5 accounts until he gets a lucky 12 game winstreak on one of them
More importantly, maybe, it's supposed to identify unique PCs, so no multi-boxing/account spamming/account sharing between 'friends' on the same hardware might slow down low-effort bot farms.
But his speculations was that botted accounts wont be used which just isnt true is it?
    They didn't say that though? They said *super cheap* botted accounts, specifically. They never said botted accounts won't exist at all. Or atleast that's how I interpreted it
        Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
            I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
            Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
            Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
            $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
Also, maybe somewhat, because people who use these accounts tend to spend money. A lot of them are probably people who had their main banned, and maybe they drop $10 to buy a skin for their champ. That's a lotta extra money for Riot.
    Given how much these accounts absolutely destroy any new player experience, I think riot isn’t super happy about those. 
Except this isn't coding the video game, it's a simple api call to the number of games and an in-client pop up. The simplest web dev task ever. If this is hard to implement, Riot either has managers that have ravaged its teams to a halt or bozo devs who can't do this. The cost of this SHOULD NEVER be high.
    This would do nothing to combat botting.
I work in an IT company with weekly product release. So I know what it takes to do even a small change in the code, don't try to teach me what it takes.

Riot releases monthly league of legends patches but this guy believes they really can't input a GAME COUNT in the game lololololololol
    I dont see how that would change anything to botted account but ok.

I very much doubt you are a developper.
        Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
            I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
Stop asking redditors who possibly haven't worked a single day in their life to upscale any type of work to a billion dollar company level.   
I work in a small company (<20 people) and even the slightest change has to be approved by people above me, before being approved by the finance department and finally changed.
Yes because Riot is going to tell you the truth instead of just saying "We're too lazy to do it" or "It would actively make us less money to do this as it would discourage smurfing".



I have a bridge to sell you.
    it's about how change in any large org works, please stop you are embarrassing yourself
        the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
I agree with you. The argument “it allows the worse player to learn from playing vs the Smurf” can only be true when the Smurf is of similar level (ex- plat smurf, gold other player). If the smurf is spacing the other player impeccably, csing well, having good back timers, pushing waves in order to achieve macro goals, jng tracking etc, there’s a pretty severe limit to what the gold player could learn from being stomped that soundly.
Phone verification is trivially easy to bypass. It will at most raise bot prices by around 50 cents
    VOIPs are filtered by a lot of signup pages now.
    phone number verification that requires a reply verification.

couple that with email verification to cross two forms of verification.

require both for password changes.

you could go even further with ID verification for accounts "for age reasons".

this would be significant enough of a hurdle to hamstring botted accounts. It does come at the expense of new players barrier to entry though.
        Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
        You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
            That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
Can’t really do that for places like eu since they have to follow the different laws and policy’s of the countries the only reason why Korea and china has it is bcs of their government enforcing it I belive 
[deleted]
    As we should.
        Preach King
And how exactly is it easier to disallow smurfing on its own? If I level 2 or 3 accounts myself and play on them there is not much they can do, I can always tell them it is me and my siblings playing on the same machine. But detecting and banning accounts which are clearly only used to level up fast and sell illegally should be much easier, as there are a lot of patterns they can use to detect this.
    1. Introduce mandatory 2FA. You wouldn't be able to have multiple accounts while having just one phone number. 
2. As you said, smurfs would need to level those accounts by hand, not buy it, as HWID would detect that the account is not created by them. 
3. Ban for smurfing - while it doesn't make easier to detect such accounts, it would disencourage people to do so.
4. It is obvious for streamers that they play on a smurf account, so in that case it would be better.

That's it, nothing super complicated. DOTA fights smurfs and it seems like there is an effect of doing so, so I don't see a reason why LOL wouldn't do it
handleveled acc already cost more than that
    TBF that's because there's no market for them because of botted accounts. IF botted accounts are impossible, you'll see farms in Venezuela with rooms of 50 computers where Grandmothers and 8 year olds are playing on 3 accounts at once speed running intro bots.
You are kidding, right?
    No not at all. If someone hit level 30 in arams only they will completely destroy some random new player that is level 5 only playing summoners rift. 

Odds are they will play atleast a few summoners rift games before going into ranked. They'll be fine. Either way they are going to get destroyed and placed in potato elo.
        Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
            It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
Probably the exact same way it does for me, fackin awful lol, never add an alt and i hate all smurfs🗣
Yes it’s unreal how blatant the streaming community is about it lol
and therefor indirectly encourages *what exactly*? I think you know it hopefully.

its a redundant system in the lower ranks. basically it would be better if the whole system would take cpm/apm of other sr modes to evaluate a true skill mmr with the information. which will never happen.
    I don’t think so actually. Summoners rift is a far different game. My friend is an Aram warrior himself. He’s always like bro I have all these plat and emerald players in my games. And meanwhile he’s never left bronze in ranked because he doesn’t get the basic macro of the game.
They didn't say that though? They said *super cheap* botted accounts, specifically. They never said botted accounts won't exist at all. Or atleast that's how I interpreted it
    Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
        I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
        Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
        Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
        $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
Given how much these accounts absolutely destroy any new player experience, I think riot isn’t super happy about those. 
This would do nothing to combat botting.
I dont see how that would change anything to botted account but ok.

I very much doubt you are a developper.
    Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
        I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
it's about how change in any large org works, please stop you are embarrassing yourself
    the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
VOIPs are filtered by a lot of signup pages now.
phone number verification that requires a reply verification.

couple that with email verification to cross two forms of verification.

require both for password changes.

you could go even further with ID verification for accounts "for age reasons".

this would be significant enough of a hurdle to hamstring botted accounts. It does come at the expense of new players barrier to entry though.
    Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
    You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
        That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
As we should.
    Preach King
1. Introduce mandatory 2FA. You wouldn't be able to have multiple accounts while having just one phone number. 
2. As you said, smurfs would need to level those accounts by hand, not buy it, as HWID would detect that the account is not created by them. 
3. Ban for smurfing - while it doesn't make easier to detect such accounts, it would disencourage people to do so.
4. It is obvious for streamers that they play on a smurf account, so in that case it would be better.

That's it, nothing super complicated. DOTA fights smurfs and it seems like there is an effect of doing so, so I don't see a reason why LOL wouldn't do it
TBF that's because there's no market for them because of botted accounts. IF botted accounts are impossible, you'll see farms in Venezuela with rooms of 50 computers where Grandmothers and 8 year olds are playing on 3 accounts at once speed running intro bots.
No not at all. If someone hit level 30 in arams only they will completely destroy some random new player that is level 5 only playing summoners rift. 

Odds are they will play atleast a few summoners rift games before going into ranked. They'll be fine. Either way they are going to get destroyed and placed in potato elo.
    Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
        It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
I don’t think so actually. Summoners rift is a far different game. My friend is an Aram warrior himself. He’s always like bro I have all these plat and emerald players in my games. And meanwhile he’s never left bronze in ranked because he doesn’t get the basic macro of the game.
Sure but what the fk is a supercheap botted acc lmao?


In comparison to what?
    I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
    Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
    Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
    $2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
Botted accounts only play intro bot games until lvl 30, this would at least make it take longer for those accounts to start playing ranked and hopefully some of the lazy trolls won't feel like buying accounts if they have to play norms first. 

Dude above you is right, that post that was linked had a ton of unnecessary jargon to make it sound like a much more difficult task than it is. Unfortunately Riot Games has some really incompetent management, or they just don't care.
    I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
the playerbase isn't part of the organization. stating hots has "zero players" doesn't affect either company's workflow. phroxzon's post is just showing it's too much work for them.
Also ask for shoe size, ssn and card creditenals. We Korea now
You could just make the verification process apply for ranked only so it doesn’t deter new players
    That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
Preach King
Yeah who cares how good they are, iron and bronze exist for a reason. The important part is that they aren't a smurf.
    It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
I once bought a Smurf to help a friend leave bronze, it was like 3 bucks
Right now bitter accounts are $5 or less because you’re just paying for server power and competition is high. Hand leveled accounts, while still cheap in the grand scale of things, are significantly more expensive because you need to pay for a humans time to level it. They’ll probably be around $50 or so which is a massive barrier to entry. It will still happen for sure hit it will cut the rate massively. 
Level 30 accounts are legit $2 on some sites
$2 accounts that you find on eBay or any of the elo boosting sites.

They are cheap in comparison to actual handleveled accounts of the past that cost around $10+
I wish he was right and it was that easy.

Botted account only play intro bot because it's the fastest way to level up a bot account(Playerbots will win most of the time and it's quick), if they have to include play 10 normal games, they will.

You say it takes longer, but time isn't an issue for a bot. So yeah, pretty pointless.

I fully understand the other post but it's just so easy to bypass i won't even bother.

I fail to see how forcing a few normal games for bots would actually stop them.

The only upside is that eventually some of them will get reported. But that means a human would have to verify botting claims and it's just not worth it.
That might be a decent meet in the middle option.
It's the league community, they can get worked up about anything and make a mountain out of ant hill.

People have bitched about smurfs since I started playing in s3 and I know everyone here is challenger but I've ran into very few smurfs.
