[[Could Tarrey Town be built in the ruin of Gannons Castle]]





Welcome to r/botw!

The winners of our **Best of r/botw Awards** have been announced for 2020, so head [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/botw/comments/kwdf4j/best_of_rbotw_2020_winners/) for more information and how to vote!

Be sure to [join the discord](http://discord.gg/Fr7Wc85) and read the rules!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/botw) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Not only does it look just like the ruins of Ganon's castle. 

But then Hudson marries Rhondson, a Gerudo, on that same spot.

Every person in the entire town's name ends with son. Also, Hudson convinces Rhondson to name their child ending in son during the vows of their wedding ceremony.

What if this is all heavy handed foreshadowing and we all missed it?

A girl from an all female tribe that only give birth to daughters moves to an all male town where everyone's name ends in son and marries with intent to start a family.

She even designs and sells clothing for Gerudo males that don't exist. It's almost as if she's manifesting a male Gerudo into existence.

What if their first child is... a boy?

The Gerudo have a prophecy where 1 male Gerudo is born every 100 years and is destined to be their king.

Then the whole Tarry Town side quest would have been designed to create a nest for Ganon to be reincarnated. Link would have played matchmaker for the hylian anti-christ's parents.

Ganon's Mumm-Ra form from the BotW 2 trailers might possess the kid, steal the kid's youth to rejuvenate himself, or transfer his essence into the kid.
    But didn't the gerudo say a male hadn't been born in centuries and then we later found out the reason why this hadn't happened is because Ganondorf is still alive and imprisoned beneath hyrule castle, I think this is because there can't be a new gerudo male untill the previous one dies

Edit: I like the theory still
        More likely this
        Wait is this implied in BotW?
            Well ganondorfs withered body is shown within the first botw2 trailer and since it moved it's showing that he must still be alive
                Sort of alive. He is a mummified corpse at the moment. He's a stubborn kind of chap.
                    He's kinda mummified but he is well alive considering he did move
                        it could be the malice piloting his body
                            Well he could be keeping himself alive with the malice, and he is the source of the malice that is pouring from the wound on his chest
                                I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
                                thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
                                we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
                                    I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
                        Undead are a thing. Not alive but moving.
                Gamins always alive he's either ruling or sleeping
                    Gamin
            It's a given rule for the Gerudo race in the entire Zelda universe, you can assume this rule in any game they appear unless it's explicitly stated otherwise.
                And his theory would brake that rule due to the fact there is a Gerudo male already and he couldn’t be over 100 years old or he would look similar to impa the oldest character between the Five races in BotW.
                    The story of BoTW takes place 100 years after Link falls in Battle. Ergo, it would BE 100 years OR MORE since the Original Gerudo Male Ganondorf was born. Assuming he isn't much older than Link, that would still make Ganondorf around 18-21 when Ganon separated. Obviously, Ganondorf is usually years older than Link, so it's 100% likely for a Male to be born to any given Gerudo Mother as of BoTW starting, even more so if BoTW2 takes places after 1.
        Oh so Ganon is a Gerudo ?
            Yeah, ganondorf is a Gerudo
            Yes he is.
            Always has been.
                🧟‍♂️🪃🧝🏻
                Since Ocarina of Time, anyway.
                    Yes Ganon/Ganondorf is a reincarnation of demise the main boss of Skyward sword as he cursed hyrule that a reincarnation of him will be born time and time again but in doing so a version of link and Zelda will be born time and time again always coming to hyrules aid
                Not always, after the events of ocarina of time, yes. But before like in the first ganondorf we see in game (release wise, not timeline wise) was pretty much just a man. Then there’s also the beast Ganon versions. Ganon is always the pig-beast form while Ganondorf is always the human form, albeit most famously Gerudo.
            Ganon isn't, but Ganon*dorf* is. Ganon himself is more of a a demon who reincarnates, but Ganondorf is basically a Gerudo incarnation of Ganon. That's also why pretty much every non-sequel game has Ganon, but not all of them have Ganondorf (and even in the ones that do, Wind Waker and Twilight Princess, I think they're heavily implied if not outright stated to be the same Ganondorf from OOT since he only got sealed away, but never actually died). In ALTTP Agahnim becomes Ganon; in ALBW Yuga becomes Ganon. Neither of these people are Gerudo nor are the Gerudo anywhere to be found in either of those games in general. And in Skyward Sword you fight the original incarnation of Ganon, Demise. BotW's Calamity Ganon is, from my understanding, basically the demonic spirit of Ganon separating itself from a mortal host and acting on its own, while Ganondorf would still be locked away deep under the castle. Plus, Urbosa even says in one of the flashbacks that Ganon once manifested as a male Gerudo, which not only explains why she has a bone to pick with him, but also implies there have been other male Gerudo (I don't believe it's ever explicitly stated, but it's heavily theorized that Vilia, the merchant that sells you the Gerudo Vai outfit, is a Gerudo male) that weren't reincarnations of Ganon and otherwise had no connection to him, so the idea of Ganon always manifesting as the sole Gerudo male every century or so was one that I could never get behind
                You are the reason why I love Reddit.
                    Honestly gave me depression, no offense to him
                        Why?
                            Just reading all of that and realising wow I’m never gonna get laid lol
                                I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
                Vilia’s wiki page says her race is Hylian, BUT this brings an interesting theory to mind: transgender Gerudo women. We only ever really hear one person say Vilia is a man, and it’s the other Hylian man Link mets outside Gerudo Town. Everyone else refers to her as a *vai* , and considering several Gerudo women can see through Link’s disguise, I like to believe it’s not as infallible as the game makes it out to be. What if Vilia (Gerudo or Hylian, it doesn’t really matter, but it’s certainly more interesting if she’s Gerudo) was AMAB but then came out as transgender? This would certainly subvert the 100 year Gerudo male rule and give an interesting insight on Gerudo and Hylian social commentary. 

(Sorry for the rant, the one-off line about Vilia gave me a brain blast)
                If the timeline is to be believed (and there's very little reason not to outside of a couple 2D games) then almost every incarnation of Ganon is actually Ganondorf. 
OoT was made as a prequel to ALttP so that Ganon is canonically Ganondorf, and the oracle games were made as sequels to ALttP so that also connects, and ditto with ALBW where Yuga fuses with Ganon. Ganon from the NES games was moreso shoe horned in so those might be reincarnated demons, and I can't speak for the 4 Swords games since I haven't played them, but at least from Ocarina all the way through to A Link Between Worlds it's the same guy, through being sealed away or resurrected through magic but never reincarnated.

(again, i can't speak for 4 swords Ganon idk the lore there)

edit: spelling
                    The Four Swords games barely have Ganon at all. The storyline of that series (as far as I know) starts with Minish Cap, wherein the main villain is Vaati with no presence of Ganon at all. Not even referenced he just straight up is not there. Then is Four Swords on... I wanna say the Gameboy Color? The game barely has a story at all and is more of an arcade-style, level-based action game. Anyway, once again, it's Vaati. No Ganon. At least not in the main story. I was never able to finish the bonus levels and such, so it's *possible* he might show up there, but he'd have no story significance at all. He'd just be a bonus boss. And Four Swords Adventures is mostly the same, except it has the sort of Twilight Princess issue of Ganon essentially just showing up halfway through and completely hijacking the plot. I can't recall if Ganon*dorf* makes any sort of appearance, but Ganon is definitely there (though, I'm sure many could argue he shouldn't be)
                Vilia is Hylian
                While yes, not every gerudo becomes Ganondorf (as Ganon was thier new leader and the most recent incarnation of demise) I will remind you this can never happen because Ganon/Ganondorf never really seperated/died yet. Ganon (beast pig boi) happnes when the Hero fails to defeat him and he rampages across hyrule, staying in beast form long enough that he can't stop. And Ganondorf appears in the timeline where Link succeds, and Ganondorf is sealed away in his humanoid form. After being brought back, Ganondorf never assumes his beast form again (supposedley because he knew he coulden't controll it) and (with the exception of wind waker timeline) Ganon and Ganondorf haven't been killed or seperated yet. Dark beast and Calamity Ganon are still incarnations of Ganondorfs dream, to become the sole ruler of Hyrule. Desmises curse still isin't moving on from Ganondorf/Ganon, who are the SAME being. Also Agahnim and Yuga only fused with, not became Ganon. Cannot say this enough, Ganon and Ganondorf are the same entity. Your confusing Ganon (beast) with the curse of Demise. Also Botw is confusing because it brings parts of all the timelines into 1 game, and now we have a Ganondorf corpse and Dark beast ganon in the same timeline, so anything is on the table for the sequil. (Its like the creators are purpousley trying to screw over people using the timeline to predict the next game)
                    The way I see BotW is as a sort of reimagining of the original Zelda, so I think maybe the sequel could be like a reimagining of Zelda 2 where Ganon is now officially dead and there's a group trying to resurrect him. There's obviously not any way to know that for sure until it's out, but I personally think that would be pretty cool
                        That would be pretty cool
                Ganon is literally just Ganondorf as a Werepig. One didn’t exist prior to the other because they’re the same being. Literally everything you just said is fanon. Also Demise isn’t Ganon(dorf).
            Only in his humanoud form, but yes
            Yes, in ocarina of time he was the king of the gerudo
            Ganon is malice incarnate. Ganondorf is Gerudo.

I believe Ganon got the name when he took a mortal form, like Hylia did with Zelda.
                Ganondorf/Ganon is Demise from Skyward Sword incarnate. Ganon is the pig beast form while Ganondorf is the humanoid form. Sometimes Demise comes back as one or the other, sometimes like in Ocarina of Time and Twilight Princess, he does both; he starts out as a humanoid then turns into the beast.
        But then you defeat Ganon and he's gone. Just in time for a new incarnation to be born.
            At the end of the game Zelda says ganon has given up on reincarnating and is using all of his power to crush link, it’s implied that killing him in his final form is the last we’ll see of him. However the withered husk of ganondorf seen in the first trailer could be from when he gave up his physical body to become malice and destroy hyrule. Course we don’t know until the sequel
                I dont believe zelda even says anything close to that, what link killed was malice in the form of Ganon, it was not the real Ganon that was killed, Ganondorf's body is withered due to him being imprisoned beneath hyrule castle for possibly centuries, the malice has been leaking from Ganondorf's wound where he was initially stabbed with the master sword
                    Straight from the game (Zelda's voiceover before the final stage of the Ganon battle): "Ganon was born out of a dark past. He is a pure embodiment of the ancient evil that is reborn time and again... **He has given up on reincarnation and assumed his pure, enraged form.** If set free upon our world, the destruction will be unlike anything ever seen before. "

It definitely seems implied that killing him in this final form will actually be "it" but it definitely isn't explicitly stated.
                        Although this is true, it is also known that the English translation completely contradicts the Japanese version because of possible mistranslation. Here is the basic Japanese translation of Zelda’s voiceover: “He’s an embodiment of hatred and grudge that arose in distant antiquity and revives again and again no matter how many times he’s destroyed. **This form was born from his obsessive refusal to give up on revival…** If set free upon the world, it would result in a tragedy surpassing the one 100 years ago.”

It’s safe to assume the Japanese version is the most canonical, and the English translation became contradictory because of a translation error. The Japanese version seems to moreso prove what Ike said in this thread. The English translation does seem to imply that defeating Dark Beast Ganon will destroy him forever, but the Japanese one suggests that he’ll be back some day (most likely in the form of the mummified Ganondorf we saw in the BotW2 trailers).

Ike may have even played a different translation of the game which was—or at least was similar to—the Japanese translation and thus believed what else was said about Ganon giving up on reincarnation was contradictory. Because (in at least the Japanese version, maybe some others too) it is. 

Even in the English translation, after the fight, Zelda says, “Ganon is gone **for now**,” in which case would contradict what she had just said, if it meant he would be gone **forever.** Besides, we also know Ganon always gets reincarnated in some way or another anyway, so it’s very unlikely he will be forever gone.
                        That’s only the English translation, in the original Japanese script it more so implies that Gabon is giving up on a physical form that he was creating a la the cocoon that calamity ganon falls out of and instead uses a form composed of malice
            But you defeated malice creation in the form of Ganon, not the real Ganon. Ganondorf, as shown in the botw 2 trailer is still alive though imprisoned and significantly aged beneath Hyrule castle, link never really killed Ganon, reason being for botw 2 existing and there still having not yet been a new Gerudo male
                Ah. Missed that trailer. Mb
        Ganondorf from ocarina of time is the same one in twilight princess who is kinda sorta absolutely killed. So the calamity Ganon is his manifestation and as we see in the botw teaser, there’s a wrinkly old raisin Ganondorf under the castle that’s quite possible the same one form twilight princess, beginning to stir once more.
            The ganondorf under hyrule castle is definetly the same one from ocarina of time and twilight princes as he has the same would on his chest which is where the malice has been leaking from and the green hand thing was holding him from
                Yes that’s what I thought too
        Also, Nintendo confirmed that BOTW was at the very end of all the time lines.
            Which is wierd because it really doesn't make much sense
                I mean it makes just as much sense as pulling a sword out will make you travel through time, or a moon being pulled out of the sky by magic.
            They didn’t. They just placed it in the far future and connected it to nothing. You can’t merge timelines
                Not according to Nintendo. Also, they can do whatever the fuck they want with their IP. There is no law that states games need continuity.

You do know that malice can't be embodied, right? You do know magic doesn't exist, right? You do know that reincarnation isn't real, right?

Don't tell me it's impossible for timelines to merge in a game that has a **fictional** story. Because they can literally make anything up and there is absolutely nothing you can ever do about it.
                    when/where did nintendo say this?/gen
                        https://kotaku.com/breath-of-the-wild-gets-official-placement-on-the-zelda-1828141649

>So the big question was always: Which timeline does Breath of the Wild conclude? Nintendo’s answer is: all three? Maybe? Instead of connecting the newest Zelda game to one of the timelines, Nintendo has just stuck it on the end. The Japanese magazine Famitsu asked Nintendo what the deal was, and (as translated by Siliconera) both Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma and Breath of the Wild director Hidemaro Fujibayashi punted: 

>Eiji Aonuma, series producer: “Well of course it’s at the very end. But, I get what you’re asking, it’s which timeline is it the end of?”

>Hidemaro Fujibayashi, director: “That’s… up to the player’s imagination, isn’t it?”

Sounds like all three to me. But, it also sounds like they're saying their same "we don't actually care about the timeline" stuff that they are always going to be saying every time a new game gets released.
        Yet they still keep up the practice of making male clothes.
            Well they don't actually sell male clothes in Gerudo town, the only place you can actually get it is in Tarrey town, but it's wierd that it's still been made though, maybe it's for any male Travelers who plan to go into the desert, and they aren't really Gerudo sized either, they're more the size of an average hylian?
                The secret shop sells them in gerudo town but I understand if you meant they don't openly sell them
                    I didn't know there was a secret shop that sold the voe clothes in Gerudo town I thought they were only sold in Tarrytown
                        Ah I see yea it's iirc to the left alley after you walk in but you'll need to have a password to get in they sell another armor set there as well
                They still have to find non Gerudo parters. Maybe their genetics are so dominant that only the females are tall? Evidently a male is born every century.
                    Well that explains the reason for there still being male Gerudo clothing, and I think the Gerudo male thing being born every century is for a prophesy? Reason being why whenever a male Gerudo is born they are always declared as a king of the Gerudo and are always named Ganondorf and destined to attack hyrule due to Ganon reincarnating as a Gerudo?
        I remember that from somewhere but what about the beautiful person at the oasis that sells you the clothes for getting into the gerudo town? Maybe they were rather old and will have passed away by botw sequel? They had a white beard
            This person was Hylian.
                Wow, thanks, I always thought they were gerudo cause of their appearance.
        Which character says this? I would like to find her please
            I mean, when you think about it, Nintendo could intend not to merge the timelines, but for them to all arrive at a same specific point? Like a, “No matter what timeline you choose, nothing will change. It will all come back to the same thing.” In reality I’d assume it was just made like that so they can now continue the story with just one focus instead of dropping different things connected to different timelines each time.
            I think it might be the ruling Gerudo during some quest like speech I can't remember her name but I distinctly remember that being said
        But Vilia exists, and unless she isn’t actually a “he” like Link accuses her of being, she was born male, which throws a huge wrench in that theory. I tried commenting this on the video that explores this theory, but the creator hasn’t replied so far. I think he’s scared of being wrong, as is everyone else who ignores this when I bring it up.
            Who’s Vilia? What are you talking about?
                The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
                The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
                    Yeah. That is a dude but He’s Hylian. Not a Gerudo
                        How do you know?
                            Because I do my research. Here’s [proof](https://images.app.goo.gl/RScYQsJGDSfNpF8x9)
                                Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
                                    Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
        What if after the credits roll in botw2 (presumably after Gannon is defeated) it is revealed that Rondason has given birth to a boy and dramatic music starts
            That would be interesting to see since ganondorf always reincarnates as a Gerudo male
                Wouldn’t it still be a gerudo male?
                    Yeah that's what I said, it would be interesting since Ganon alway reincarnates as a Gerudo male meaning a possible return of Ganon I just worded it poorly, sorry
                        Oh ok I understand now
        I wonder if, in Nintendo's spirit of resetting the series, they might ignore that technicality, and have a Gerudo son anyways.  Alternatively, with the vastness of the Gerudo desert, perhaps the are numerous Gerudo civilizations on the far reaches of the desert where the 1 in 100 year male has been born all this time.  It's quite likely that their population would be much greater and widespread, considering the time passed, but again, due to the desert, most don't know that other Gerudo exist
        Well I mean botw 2s events take place pretty soon after the terry-town quest. In breath of the wild 2 link may very well kill Ganondorf for good and then the couple may then have a child.
            How does this link into it, it's been like 4 months so I don't fully remember but I know I was talking about there having not been a new gerudo male because ganondorf never died?
        If Ganondorf was imprisoned under Hyrule castle, then where was he when Link was fighting Calamity Ganon? Because that chamber you fight the Calamity in is under the castle.
            The castle is raised up with the chamber beneath the main central point, and with all the mines around the castle then there probably is an area that goes far deeper beneath it

Also this thing is like over a year old so I have no clue how you've found this
                I HAVE NO CLUE BECAUSE I NEVER HAD REDDIT A YEAR AGO?! 😂
                    I had no clue that this whole post even existed
        In BOTW, Ganon is defeated for good, Zelda states “he’s given up on reincarnation for greater power. If you don’t defeat him now he will lay waste to all of hyrule.”
    Ganonson?
        Ganson
            No one's slick as Ganson

No one's quick as Ganson

No one's neck's as incredibly thick as Ganson
                For there’s no man in town half as manly,

Perfect, a pure paragon!
                    You can ask any Thomson, Dickson, or Stanleyson, and they’ll tell you whose team they prefer to be on
                        No ones big as Ganson
                            A kingpin like Ganson
                This hasn’t been appreciated enough.
                I absolutely lost it. I wish I could give you more gold for this.
                This is the height of comedy
            Ganson*dorf*
                Ganondorf**son**
                    This is the way
                        This is the way
                            This is the Wayson
            Gannon Gannonsonson
            Grandson
        This is my hangup as well.  The son ending doesn't really mean anything.
            It's really just texture for the construction company, right? I don't know if everyone in Tarry Town has to have the son suffix, even if the original founders were all part of the construction company.
                It is stated in the side quest everyone's name must end in son, hence why Hudson made Rhondson promise to name their kid with a name ending in son.
        Twinrovason
            Nabooruson
        I wonder if his last name is still considered to be Dragmire
    How do Gerudo reproduce if there is only 1 male every hundred years. If they have to go out and bang hylians, then shouldn't they start losing their dark skin, tall stature, and all that?
        Storks bring them new babies
        Dominant genes and Something like living in a desert might be plausible enough.
        Plot twist they are mostly banging people from Lurelin Village to keep their genetic traits.
        Why do you think those Gorons are let into Gerudo Town?
        It's a fantasy game, my dude. It doesn't need to perfectly align with genetic reality.
        First, both sexual cromosomes are present on the egg. And they are violent, and hungry, they eat the sexual cromosome of the sperm. Then, the rest fist fight to assert dominance.

And, by chance, sometimes one of the X lose a foot in the battle and the male is born.

This is my headcannon.
        Super dominant genes. It wasnt 100%, considering they sprinkled the very pale Gerudo occasionally, and a white haired gene (sheikah) probably created the odd pink hair with some sort of partial dominance action.

You have to free all those male Hylians in Ocarina of Time.  It was both hilarious and super annoying.
    I mean that's an incredible theory, however there is one thing that doesn't make sense: the geography of Hyrule. Tarrey town is located on the edge of the map, and if it were to be the location of the old Hyrule Castle, then where would Castle Town go? How come Zora's domain is located at the complete opposite side to the castle now? Where has Hryule field gone, alongside the Kokiri Forest? If anything, Tarrey town is either a slight reference to Ganon's castle or there is another reason for it's strange existence.
        [deleted]
            As for the location of the deku tree, there is a theory that the great plateau and the lost woods swapped places. When I first heard it, I thought it was ridiculous, I'm kindog half convinced, the great plateau looks like OoT castle town, the lost woods would be roughly where the great plateau was, etc. 

But in general, yeah, the specific locations aren't nearly consistent enough across games for it to be a solid enough way to prove anything
                During the development of the game, they situated the lost woods where Kakariko is now. They decided to switch it late in development for Reasons™️

https://nintendoeverything.com/kakariko-village-and-korok-forest-swapped-locations-while-zelda-breath-of-the-wild-was-in-development/
                    I'm guessing it's because most people would go east first and stumble directly into it. Where's the way it is now I didn't find it for dozens of hours.
            Random pedantry here, but in OoT, the forest is to the east. Lake Hylia is in the south.
        Well yeah but why is Hyrule Castle Town on the great Plateau?  Maybe whatever spacetime event merged the three timelines fucked with the geography a bit.
            That’s not what happened
        This does canonically take place after the great flood so maybe the water dies down?
            Canonically? It’s not canonically in the Adult Timeline. This game is Downfall Timeline
                It hasn't been confirmed which. People theorize that the oringal Hyrule Warriors is actually cannon and that's how it merges the timelines.
                    The timelines don’t merge. And if it hasn’t been confirmed then it’s not “canonically” after The great flood”
                        People think the timelines merge because BOTW has references to all the timelines. Also most of what we think about LoZ is speculation, so I'm not sure what you mean.
                            It doesn’t tho there’s only one reference to child in the replica mirror of twilight. And there’s more references to downfall than anywhere else.
                                That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
                                    I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
    Updooted for 'gannon's mumm-ra form' YES
    Except that OoT happens *before* BotW. Zelda references "the Hero of Time" (aka OoT link) when performing the knighting ceremony on BotW's link.
    O.O
    worth noting that gannondorf grew up in the desert, developing his hatred of the royal family
    The fairy fountain is in the same(ish) place in both games
    I kinda wish we would get a Zelda where the protagonist is a male Gerudo with the triforce of power trying to save Hyrule or something.
    Nah it can’t work, one male gerudo is born every 100 years and that’s certain unless the previous male gerudo is still alive, botw2 confirms ganondorf is still alive so another male cannot be born, this is further the case when we learn a male gerudo has not been born for centuries
        I feel we're all neglecting Hudson here. If Hudson impregnates (kind of gross lmao, sorry) Rhondson the child would then be half Hylian half Gerudo right? Does the female-only rule apply to all Gerudo children, even if they're only like 12.5% Gerudo? Could Hudson just have really dominant Y chromosome?

I'm not sure how or if I would tie this back to Ganon, but I'm now curious as to the biological implications lol

Edit: I'm now realizing that actually all Gerudo children must be mixed race, because there are no male Gerudo's with which to create a 100% Gerudo child. Maybe that answers my question, they'd just come out female
            There cannot be another male child regardless of the race of the farther
                Yeah I had answered my own question, I was tired
                    Fair enough
        Which character says this?
            It’s obvious, there’s no male king, there is zero history about a male king, the previous generals of the gerudo have all been female
                That doesn’t mean no make has been born. It means they kill all the males
                    What? No a male can’t be born with another male alive, and it’s treason to kill a male gerudo as a male gerudo by law is automatically king of the gerudo
                        When has that ever been said? That’s just headcanon fan made bullshit. Also laws change
                            Except it hasn’t changed?
                                How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
    Personally not subscribing to this theory, but love it from a story-telling standpoint. Depending on the timeframe and ending of BotW 2, this would be a good pitch to set up BotW 3... Like if Link and Zelda end Ganondorf the original King of Evil, and this Gerudo child just so happens to be born right after... Ooooh...
    F*ck
    But. There is already a Gerudo male in existence.
So for her to have a male would prove the every hundred years male Gerudo wrong. That male couldn’t be over 100 years old cuz then he would look like Impa.
    But that's JUST A THEORY...
    There hasn't been a male Gerudo born because the last one is still alive...
        Since when is that how it works?
    Okay but everyone here is forgetting about Vilia. The Gerudo born MALE at birth, though is female-presenting. They claim a Gerudo male hasn’t been born since Ganondorf, but Vilia is living proof that this is false. Don’t believe me? Vilia is voiced by a male actor, and you can see stubble under “her” face mask. It could mean that the males born every one-hundred years since Ganondorf have either been ostracized or encouraged to join the rest of them as a woman (in presentation, at the very least). On the flip side, Vilia could just be a very tan Hylian with dyed orange hair or an extremely manish Gerudo woman.
        Vilia is a Hylian
    Wow. Just wow.
    Well given the last Ganon is still technically alive, what if instead we got a *heroic* male Gerudo.
    Except it's stated that hasn't happened in Ages, oh and there's the fact that GANONDORF'S SLOWLY DECAYING CORPSE IS BELOW HYRULE CASTLE! Also Ganon's Tower was built where Hyrule Castle was.
    The only problems are that:

1. Ganondorf’s name doesn’t end in son
2. Based on dialogue in the game (specifically when link has the ceremony of becoming a champion in which case Zelda points out some previous accomplishments of the spirit of the hero: “Whether skyward bound, **adrift in time**, or steeped in the glowing embers of twilight…” skyward sword, ocarina of time, and twilight princess.) we know botw comes *after* the events of Ocarina of time (and twilight princess canonically follows ocarina of time). I’m guessing it’s either just an Easter egg or maybe further indicating this Hyrule is more closely following the events of those games than perhaps initially thought. (For example, the fountain in the center of castle town ruins is like identical to the one in twilight princess.)
    Such insight!
    Ganon's reincarnation will be called Ganson
    I definitely would not have seen that coming
    I accept this as canon.
    Saving comment in case this ends up being right
    they cant end ganons name with son tho.
    Well it would be Ganson
    All of the workers names end in "son" as a nod to OoT as Ichiro, Jiro, Sabooro, and Shiro are common names to give to sons in Japan.
    Which game reveals that only one male Gerudo is born every 100 years and is destined to be the king?
    Canonically changing ganandorf to ganonson, because bolson company bilaws cannot be broken
There is a fairy fountain like right there too...
    It's even in the same direction when walking over the bridge as Ganon's castle... holy shit!
İnteresting
Holy fuck
    Same
I hadn’t put this together but I’ve been thinking the “akkala is old Hyrule” theory. Funny enough there are other weird occurrences that can make it make sense. For example, in botw, the sun rises and falls from NW to SW. if the map was corrected true north to provide an East to West flow for the sun, you could get something more like the attached screenshot.

Under this model, the Gut Check Rock area becomes a potential site for old Kakariko or Kasuto. Shadow Hamlet does as well. I’d even go as far as to say that old Hyrule under the waves could be south on this map. It would also explain why the game states that Akkala Citadel was built to repel pirates.

https://i.imgur.com/ItEK1TS.jpg
With all the guardian parts littered around the lake, and that grass is seemingly under the water, I believe it was actually a quarry or excavation site before the calamity, since the big pond seems to be recent runoff, apparently a lot of odd looking areas are because of the excavation efforts, like the breach of demise and Gerudo canyon.
    Maybe, but it also has been centuries since OOT (since BOTW is canonically at the end of the timeline), so there is more than enough time for the ruins to remain, regain vegetation and a pond, and later become the start of Tarrey Town. Plus, the game is littered with Easter Eggs and hints at being tied to past games, so I wouldn't be surprised if this is one of them. I always wondered why this spot looked familiar, though.
        More than mere centuries, likely over 100,000 years
        That could be true but the OOT castle town ruins seem to actually be the great plateau, so idk.
            As stated in multiple comments in this thread, Hyrule's geography changes so drastically each game, most people do not regard location placement as a trustworthy source for fact-checking Zelda lore.
                This. We've been casually ignoring how the Great Plateau swapped places with the Lost Woods for like, 4 years now. Nobody knows why Hyrule is like this. We just know that it is.
                    I personally blame Wibbly Wobbly Times Wimey stuff
                    Tectonic plates shifting maybe?
                        Yes, because the tectonic plates just grow legs and walk around, swapping places with eachother and sitting down wherever the fuck they like. Yes.
            Aren't they in front of the castle? Even being called castle town ruins?
            If you take the Great Plateau map and rotate it 180°, align both temple of times, the Great Plateau zones match up to the OOT map with the Forest of Spirits being the Lost Woods, the River of the Dead being Zoras Domain, etc. Not sure how to link it but I shopped together an overlay that I would otherwise share here
    Still gonna pretend that the breach of demise isn't an excavation site and actually where all Hell broke loose for the first time. 

But you're most likely right.
There are definitely some ruins with treasure chests in the water nearby, you might be on to something here.
Woah 🤯
    Right!!
        Love this theory.  But isn’t Ganon’s castle in OOT, Hyrule Castle?
            well plenty of things have moved before. the temple of time was also near the castle, but is now miles away.
                Good poiny
            For that matter you could also say they have rebuild the castle somewhere else? Since this is centuries ahead in time? (That would sound like a sollution in my head)
Gannon in BOTW 2 : " and I took that personally"
what the hell, the game is 4 years old and we’re still unveiling stuff like this. it’s amazing
Looks like a repost. I've seen this image 1 time.

First Seen [Here](https://redd.it/fiqn0x) on 2020-03-14 100.0% match.

Feedback? Hate? Visit r/repostsleuthbot - *I'm not perfect, but you can help. Report [ [False Positive](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RepostSleuthBot&subject=False%20Positive&message={"post_id": "pb5bc9", "meme_template": null}) ]*

[View Search On repostsleuth.com](https://www.repostsleuth.com?postId=pb5bc9&sameSub=false&filterOnlyOlder=true&memeFilter=true&filterDeadMatches=false&targetImageMatch=86&targetImageMemeMatch=96)

---

**Scope:** Reddit | **Meme Filter:** False | **Target:** 86% | **Check Title:** False | **Max Age:** Unlimited | **Searched Images:** 240,846,035 | **Search Time:** 0.22824s
    Oh wtf apparently I upvoted the original? Weird that it rings zero bells
    Good bot
    Can we have an answer to this op?
        We need answers nao!
        I couldn't find any other posts referencing it and I pulled the image off of an image search.
            So not an intentional repost. I just didn't have the time to take screenshots.
Hi! I don’t really have anything to say, but I had to get it to 100 comments to keep my ocd in check :)
    :D
    Ty ty
It seems to be more of a coincidence because Tarrey Town and the ruins of Ganon's Castle are more different than they are similar. In this case, Tarrey Town and the ruins of Ganon's Castle are both circular rock formations with an outward, jutting precipice. That is really where the similarities end and differences begin.

Tarrey Town is built upon a bluff rising above Lake Akkala beside other bluffs overlooking the Lanayru Sea. Because of the bluff's proximity to these two bodies of water, we can surmise it was likely formed from years of weathering and erosion, which eventually caused it to be all but separated from the rest of the Akkala coast bluffs save for the rocky bridge connecting the formations.

Ganon's Castle, however, was erected upon a floating platform of rock rooted up from the site of what was once the OOT Hyrule Castle, suspended over what is possibly lava or a pool of magical energy (perhaps even Malice). Geographic and anthropological evidence would also suggest that, The Great Plateau, possibly being the former site of Hyrule Castle and Castle Town, also would have hosted the ruins of Ganon's Castle (granting BOTW occurs in the Adult and/or Downfall Timelines).

Given those differences, it seems more likely that the visual similarities between the ruins of Ganon's Castle and Tarrey Town are just coincidental.
    Ok except the mountain ranges in the background line up too.
        Not quite. They're completely different mountains. Remember, Ganon's Castle was on the destroyed site of Hyrule Castle and the Tarrey Town Bluff is in Akkala. Simply because both sites feature mountains in the background, a geographic feature common to Zelda games, does not mean they are the same mountains.
            Ok.  But one, several features of the map have moved drastically.  Two.  The mountains have almost the exact same shape at every angle.  Just with a slightly higher polygon count.
                The ruins of Ganon's Castle was built on the former site of Hyrule Castle and Hyrule Castle Town and was atop a floating outcropping of rock. The Tarrey Town bluff is solidly rooted to the earth. The OOT Castle Town ruins are notably not located at Tarrey Town but evidently the Great Plateau, the place said to be the birthplace of Hyrule.

The immediate area surrounding Tarrey Town is devoid of any semblance or evidence of a past civilization, particularly that of Castle Town (which is, again, evidently the Great Plateau). It is also makes zero sense that Castle Town from OOT would have magically migrated next to the sea, which supports that it's just a bluff by the sea separated by years of erosion and weathering.

As for the mountains, I really don't see them as being almost exactly alike. That just seems to be your opinion, and the Akkala mountains are clearly higher than the boundary mountains Nintendo rendered behind Ganon's Castle. Really, these two locations are more different than they are similar.  They're not even the same color of rock -- the OOT rocks are brown and the Tarrey Town bluff and Akkala mountains are ruddy.

However, if you really want to believe that a random bluff by the sea is actually the site of Ganon's Castle, more power to you.
Nice spotting. Shame it’s a repost
    Hey if it wasn't reposted I wouldn't have seen it. And many others as well. Reposts need less hate.
    Ty
    [deleted]
        You may notice that I replied to the comment calling this post out earlier
            didnt lol sorry
                That’s fine
Which would mean Tarrey town stands where the old Hyrule castle used to be
This game keeps blowing my mind. 😲
Forgot how many past zelda references there are in breath of the wild, but never noticed this one before
Gannon's castle was built over Hyrule castle, so half a continent away. Interesting theory, though.
    Except thats obviously a new Hyrule Castle.

As Hyrule Castle Town is on the great Plateau.
        Compare the OoT map and the BotW map. Look at where the Goron, Ruto and Gerudo villages are positioned compared to Hyrule castle. It's still in the same spot.
            And yet the Lost Woods aren't and theres a giant plateau where Lon Lon ranch once stood.
                Actually, there's the ranch ruins where lon lon ranch once stood. It's literally set up like OoT.
    Going by your logic there should not be a Hyrule castle in BOTW so that's really not an argument.
        I'm guessing they rebuilt it after ocarina?
            Yes, but they could very well have chosen to rebuild it somewhere else, so that doesn't prove much either.
I would love to have a game that was just like the challenge that we did on the Tarrey Town...
    There are probably games similar to it.
        I would love to know. One that I remember being like this is Digimon world for PS1 but that didn't aged well
Would this not mean that Hyrule Castle in BOTW was rebuilt on a new site then? As I believe this spot in the old images was where the castle would have been in OOT right?

Does BOTW take place before or after OOT? I always assumed it was before.

Why does Calamity Ganon emerge from Hyrule castle if this wasn’t the site of his demise? I suppose BOTW2 maybe explain it, given it looks like Ganondorf’s remains are chained up in the basement.
    BOTW is the last in the chronology
    The only game that's come out that's before oot is skyward sword which is the first game in the timeline, botw follows the timeline where oot link dies, since Ganon is a demon and not Ganondorf
        We have no idea which timeline breath of the wild takes place in
            It’s been semi confirmed that BOTW takes place so far in the future that all the timelines recombine and the three timelines we’ve come to know don’t really exist anymore. And before you say anything yes I know that’s not how time works but it’s the only thing we’ve got to work with.
                This is what I’ve seen and read as well. It was even confirmed by the developers
                With the way it's going it looks like it's either going to be in the Twilight princess timeline or as most other people say the downfall timeline but I just don't think that it'd be in the downfall
            Unless you use basic context, like the design of the map because of where gerudo town/ death mountain and the temple of time are. The form of Gannon in the game because only the one time line has demon Gannon and not Gannondorf. And the non-dlc clothing items available in game
                Except we see ganondorf in the newest trailer and the map has changed so much through all the games that it can't be used as a thing to pinpoint which timelines it's in
                    The map actually hasn't, in each timelije there's a rather specific set up for the world's layout. And that's going to be most likely just him reverting after defeat since this won't be new link/Zelda/Ganon like usual. The timeline really isn't that hard to put together
probably. his castle floats in the sky now
Yeah,the locations for the hints are wild and weird, to say the least.
Everyone is saying this theory couldn't work because there is only one Gerudo male after every 100 years unless the last one is still alive. But what if Rhondson and Hudson's kid is a girl gerudo, and keeps living in tarrey town. Maybe she will eventually find someone in tarrey town, or someone while out traveling. Having a kid with them, and then creating gannondorf.
I like the theory! I don't believe it's foreshadowing for BOTW 2 though, as that game was born out of the desire by the team to keep adding side tasks and DLC content. I find it hard to believe they would think to add DLC content of a new Gerudo leader given that the game focuses on Calamity Ganon.

I think though that the theory is more of an elaborate Easter egg to OoT and to the notion that Gerudo give birth to sons once every 100 years. It's a really great theory and I think you discovered a hidden Easter egg too.
Take this to matpat, i can smell a theory brewing!
No. Just an outcropping of rock. 

Ganon*
have you guys forgotten the one person who gave link his gerudo outfit? they were born male
Oh damn.
Wow I didn’t though about this
Oh nice catch
Tarrey towns landmass is vastly smaller. But neat idea.
Now that’s a cool idea
I don’t think Nintendo put that much thought into it
BRUH🤯
Tarrey Town about to be demolished in BOTW 2 by Ganondorf to make room for his castle 😔
It's really makes sense
What game is the image on the right from?
    It looks like ocarina of time, however don’t take my word for it since I’ve never played ocarina of time
    The original Ocarina of Time for N64.
        I figured as much but it's been a reeeal long time since i've played the game and this scene didn't look familiar
Probably not intended but sure, why not.
Maybe
If hudson has a son

Will he be hudsonson?

If he has grandchildren, will they be hudsonsonson?

And hence

Hudsonsonsonsonsonsonson?
    grandhudson, great-grandhudson, etc
No I don’t think so because. In Ocarina ganons castle is built or “remodeled” on or with the hyrule castle and i think that the great pleatue is castle town or at least what remains. Because in TP the castle and town are moved to the same area as in botw.
It also makes sense because the placement of death mountain is in the same spot its in ocarina of time if we think of tarrey town as hyrule castle
Holy KOROK SEED
Probably just a coincidence. It isn't in the right location relative to Death Mountain, which, in my opinion, is the one feature in Hyrule I feel can't really move.
Hell yeah
Y'know, I don't hate it. Solid theory.
Well could be true as botw rejoins the oot timeline split. As during hero win scenario he never used the triforce (this never making the castle). Or hero loss where Ganon won (where he created ganon castle but was destroyed in the great flood)
Shit theory jk
Its just as likely its lazy design happening twice. "Lets make a circle connected by a bridge and build stuff on it". I know that nintendo likes to hide things and the community loves to find them, but this seems just as likely to be coincidence as it is to be an intentional reference.
Yeah but the ruins are floating ?
Oh my God... OH MY GOD

or HYLIA
Oh damn
:o
Holy shit
*.......yo.*
but that's just a theory. A GAME THEORY
Makes sense also no wonder they found so many good ones in those rocks
Oh shit. I… never thought of that…
My only thing that I think points toward this not being the case, is the geography of Hyrule Field (I believe that’s what it was called but forgive me it’s been a few years since I played botw) points towards the castle being where the castle is right now. Lon Lon ranch and other things are fairly distinguishable. The geography for a lot of OOT is there, I’m pretty sure the desert, death mountain, and Zora domain is all similar to OOT.
Holy shit
I would assume it would be closer to the great plateau due to the temple of time and such however Hyrule's plates shift really fast so its possibld
I though btow was took place after OOT?
    Yeah, and in a different timeline.
Huh I never noticed that until now. Your making a place of life and happiness on what was once a place of despair
No
But didn't the gerudo say a male hadn't been born in centuries and then we later found out the reason why this hadn't happened is because Ganondorf is still alive and imprisoned beneath hyrule castle, I think this is because there can't be a new gerudo male untill the previous one dies

Edit: I like the theory still
    More likely this
    Wait is this implied in BotW?
        Well ganondorfs withered body is shown within the first botw2 trailer and since it moved it's showing that he must still be alive
            Sort of alive. He is a mummified corpse at the moment. He's a stubborn kind of chap.
                He's kinda mummified but he is well alive considering he did move
                    it could be the malice piloting his body
                        Well he could be keeping himself alive with the malice, and he is the source of the malice that is pouring from the wound on his chest
                            I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
                            thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
                            we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
                                I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
                    Undead are a thing. Not alive but moving.
            Gamins always alive he's either ruling or sleeping
                Gamin
        It's a given rule for the Gerudo race in the entire Zelda universe, you can assume this rule in any game they appear unless it's explicitly stated otherwise.
            And his theory would brake that rule due to the fact there is a Gerudo male already and he couldn’t be over 100 years old or he would look similar to impa the oldest character between the Five races in BotW.
                The story of BoTW takes place 100 years after Link falls in Battle. Ergo, it would BE 100 years OR MORE since the Original Gerudo Male Ganondorf was born. Assuming he isn't much older than Link, that would still make Ganondorf around 18-21 when Ganon separated. Obviously, Ganondorf is usually years older than Link, so it's 100% likely for a Male to be born to any given Gerudo Mother as of BoTW starting, even more so if BoTW2 takes places after 1.
    Oh so Ganon is a Gerudo ?
        Yeah, ganondorf is a Gerudo
        Yes he is.
        Always has been.
            🧟‍♂️🪃🧝🏻
            Since Ocarina of Time, anyway.
                Yes Ganon/Ganondorf is a reincarnation of demise the main boss of Skyward sword as he cursed hyrule that a reincarnation of him will be born time and time again but in doing so a version of link and Zelda will be born time and time again always coming to hyrules aid
            Not always, after the events of ocarina of time, yes. But before like in the first ganondorf we see in game (release wise, not timeline wise) was pretty much just a man. Then there’s also the beast Ganon versions. Ganon is always the pig-beast form while Ganondorf is always the human form, albeit most famously Gerudo.
        Ganon isn't, but Ganon*dorf* is. Ganon himself is more of a a demon who reincarnates, but Ganondorf is basically a Gerudo incarnation of Ganon. That's also why pretty much every non-sequel game has Ganon, but not all of them have Ganondorf (and even in the ones that do, Wind Waker and Twilight Princess, I think they're heavily implied if not outright stated to be the same Ganondorf from OOT since he only got sealed away, but never actually died). In ALTTP Agahnim becomes Ganon; in ALBW Yuga becomes Ganon. Neither of these people are Gerudo nor are the Gerudo anywhere to be found in either of those games in general. And in Skyward Sword you fight the original incarnation of Ganon, Demise. BotW's Calamity Ganon is, from my understanding, basically the demonic spirit of Ganon separating itself from a mortal host and acting on its own, while Ganondorf would still be locked away deep under the castle. Plus, Urbosa even says in one of the flashbacks that Ganon once manifested as a male Gerudo, which not only explains why she has a bone to pick with him, but also implies there have been other male Gerudo (I don't believe it's ever explicitly stated, but it's heavily theorized that Vilia, the merchant that sells you the Gerudo Vai outfit, is a Gerudo male) that weren't reincarnations of Ganon and otherwise had no connection to him, so the idea of Ganon always manifesting as the sole Gerudo male every century or so was one that I could never get behind
            You are the reason why I love Reddit.
                Honestly gave me depression, no offense to him
                    Why?
                        Just reading all of that and realising wow I’m never gonna get laid lol
                            I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
            Vilia’s wiki page says her race is Hylian, BUT this brings an interesting theory to mind: transgender Gerudo women. We only ever really hear one person say Vilia is a man, and it’s the other Hylian man Link mets outside Gerudo Town. Everyone else refers to her as a *vai* , and considering several Gerudo women can see through Link’s disguise, I like to believe it’s not as infallible as the game makes it out to be. What if Vilia (Gerudo or Hylian, it doesn’t really matter, but it’s certainly more interesting if she’s Gerudo) was AMAB but then came out as transgender? This would certainly subvert the 100 year Gerudo male rule and give an interesting insight on Gerudo and Hylian social commentary. 

(Sorry for the rant, the one-off line about Vilia gave me a brain blast)
            If the timeline is to be believed (and there's very little reason not to outside of a couple 2D games) then almost every incarnation of Ganon is actually Ganondorf. 
OoT was made as a prequel to ALttP so that Ganon is canonically Ganondorf, and the oracle games were made as sequels to ALttP so that also connects, and ditto with ALBW where Yuga fuses with Ganon. Ganon from the NES games was moreso shoe horned in so those might be reincarnated demons, and I can't speak for the 4 Swords games since I haven't played them, but at least from Ocarina all the way through to A Link Between Worlds it's the same guy, through being sealed away or resurrected through magic but never reincarnated.

(again, i can't speak for 4 swords Ganon idk the lore there)

edit: spelling
                The Four Swords games barely have Ganon at all. The storyline of that series (as far as I know) starts with Minish Cap, wherein the main villain is Vaati with no presence of Ganon at all. Not even referenced he just straight up is not there. Then is Four Swords on... I wanna say the Gameboy Color? The game barely has a story at all and is more of an arcade-style, level-based action game. Anyway, once again, it's Vaati. No Ganon. At least not in the main story. I was never able to finish the bonus levels and such, so it's *possible* he might show up there, but he'd have no story significance at all. He'd just be a bonus boss. And Four Swords Adventures is mostly the same, except it has the sort of Twilight Princess issue of Ganon essentially just showing up halfway through and completely hijacking the plot. I can't recall if Ganon*dorf* makes any sort of appearance, but Ganon is definitely there (though, I'm sure many could argue he shouldn't be)
            Vilia is Hylian
            While yes, not every gerudo becomes Ganondorf (as Ganon was thier new leader and the most recent incarnation of demise) I will remind you this can never happen because Ganon/Ganondorf never really seperated/died yet. Ganon (beast pig boi) happnes when the Hero fails to defeat him and he rampages across hyrule, staying in beast form long enough that he can't stop. And Ganondorf appears in the timeline where Link succeds, and Ganondorf is sealed away in his humanoid form. After being brought back, Ganondorf never assumes his beast form again (supposedley because he knew he coulden't controll it) and (with the exception of wind waker timeline) Ganon and Ganondorf haven't been killed or seperated yet. Dark beast and Calamity Ganon are still incarnations of Ganondorfs dream, to become the sole ruler of Hyrule. Desmises curse still isin't moving on from Ganondorf/Ganon, who are the SAME being. Also Agahnim and Yuga only fused with, not became Ganon. Cannot say this enough, Ganon and Ganondorf are the same entity. Your confusing Ganon (beast) with the curse of Demise. Also Botw is confusing because it brings parts of all the timelines into 1 game, and now we have a Ganondorf corpse and Dark beast ganon in the same timeline, so anything is on the table for the sequil. (Its like the creators are purpousley trying to screw over people using the timeline to predict the next game)
                The way I see BotW is as a sort of reimagining of the original Zelda, so I think maybe the sequel could be like a reimagining of Zelda 2 where Ganon is now officially dead and there's a group trying to resurrect him. There's obviously not any way to know that for sure until it's out, but I personally think that would be pretty cool
                    That would be pretty cool
            Ganon is literally just Ganondorf as a Werepig. One didn’t exist prior to the other because they’re the same being. Literally everything you just said is fanon. Also Demise isn’t Ganon(dorf).
        Only in his humanoud form, but yes
        Yes, in ocarina of time he was the king of the gerudo
        Ganon is malice incarnate. Ganondorf is Gerudo.

I believe Ganon got the name when he took a mortal form, like Hylia did with Zelda.
            Ganondorf/Ganon is Demise from Skyward Sword incarnate. Ganon is the pig beast form while Ganondorf is the humanoid form. Sometimes Demise comes back as one or the other, sometimes like in Ocarina of Time and Twilight Princess, he does both; he starts out as a humanoid then turns into the beast.
    But then you defeat Ganon and he's gone. Just in time for a new incarnation to be born.
        At the end of the game Zelda says ganon has given up on reincarnating and is using all of his power to crush link, it’s implied that killing him in his final form is the last we’ll see of him. However the withered husk of ganondorf seen in the first trailer could be from when he gave up his physical body to become malice and destroy hyrule. Course we don’t know until the sequel
            I dont believe zelda even says anything close to that, what link killed was malice in the form of Ganon, it was not the real Ganon that was killed, Ganondorf's body is withered due to him being imprisoned beneath hyrule castle for possibly centuries, the malice has been leaking from Ganondorf's wound where he was initially stabbed with the master sword
                Straight from the game (Zelda's voiceover before the final stage of the Ganon battle): "Ganon was born out of a dark past. He is a pure embodiment of the ancient evil that is reborn time and again... **He has given up on reincarnation and assumed his pure, enraged form.** If set free upon our world, the destruction will be unlike anything ever seen before. "

It definitely seems implied that killing him in this final form will actually be "it" but it definitely isn't explicitly stated.
                    Although this is true, it is also known that the English translation completely contradicts the Japanese version because of possible mistranslation. Here is the basic Japanese translation of Zelda’s voiceover: “He’s an embodiment of hatred and grudge that arose in distant antiquity and revives again and again no matter how many times he’s destroyed. **This form was born from his obsessive refusal to give up on revival…** If set free upon the world, it would result in a tragedy surpassing the one 100 years ago.”

It’s safe to assume the Japanese version is the most canonical, and the English translation became contradictory because of a translation error. The Japanese version seems to moreso prove what Ike said in this thread. The English translation does seem to imply that defeating Dark Beast Ganon will destroy him forever, but the Japanese one suggests that he’ll be back some day (most likely in the form of the mummified Ganondorf we saw in the BotW2 trailers).

Ike may have even played a different translation of the game which was—or at least was similar to—the Japanese translation and thus believed what else was said about Ganon giving up on reincarnation was contradictory. Because (in at least the Japanese version, maybe some others too) it is. 

Even in the English translation, after the fight, Zelda says, “Ganon is gone **for now**,” in which case would contradict what she had just said, if it meant he would be gone **forever.** Besides, we also know Ganon always gets reincarnated in some way or another anyway, so it’s very unlikely he will be forever gone.
                    That’s only the English translation, in the original Japanese script it more so implies that Gabon is giving up on a physical form that he was creating a la the cocoon that calamity ganon falls out of and instead uses a form composed of malice
        But you defeated malice creation in the form of Ganon, not the real Ganon. Ganondorf, as shown in the botw 2 trailer is still alive though imprisoned and significantly aged beneath Hyrule castle, link never really killed Ganon, reason being for botw 2 existing and there still having not yet been a new Gerudo male
            Ah. Missed that trailer. Mb
    Ganondorf from ocarina of time is the same one in twilight princess who is kinda sorta absolutely killed. So the calamity Ganon is his manifestation and as we see in the botw teaser, there’s a wrinkly old raisin Ganondorf under the castle that’s quite possible the same one form twilight princess, beginning to stir once more.
        The ganondorf under hyrule castle is definetly the same one from ocarina of time and twilight princes as he has the same would on his chest which is where the malice has been leaking from and the green hand thing was holding him from
            Yes that’s what I thought too
    Also, Nintendo confirmed that BOTW was at the very end of all the time lines.
        Which is wierd because it really doesn't make much sense
            I mean it makes just as much sense as pulling a sword out will make you travel through time, or a moon being pulled out of the sky by magic.
        They didn’t. They just placed it in the far future and connected it to nothing. You can’t merge timelines
            Not according to Nintendo. Also, they can do whatever the fuck they want with their IP. There is no law that states games need continuity.

You do know that malice can't be embodied, right? You do know magic doesn't exist, right? You do know that reincarnation isn't real, right?

Don't tell me it's impossible for timelines to merge in a game that has a **fictional** story. Because they can literally make anything up and there is absolutely nothing you can ever do about it.
                when/where did nintendo say this?/gen
                    https://kotaku.com/breath-of-the-wild-gets-official-placement-on-the-zelda-1828141649

>So the big question was always: Which timeline does Breath of the Wild conclude? Nintendo’s answer is: all three? Maybe? Instead of connecting the newest Zelda game to one of the timelines, Nintendo has just stuck it on the end. The Japanese magazine Famitsu asked Nintendo what the deal was, and (as translated by Siliconera) both Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma and Breath of the Wild director Hidemaro Fujibayashi punted: 

>Eiji Aonuma, series producer: “Well of course it’s at the very end. But, I get what you’re asking, it’s which timeline is it the end of?”

>Hidemaro Fujibayashi, director: “That’s… up to the player’s imagination, isn’t it?”

Sounds like all three to me. But, it also sounds like they're saying their same "we don't actually care about the timeline" stuff that they are always going to be saying every time a new game gets released.
    Yet they still keep up the practice of making male clothes.
        Well they don't actually sell male clothes in Gerudo town, the only place you can actually get it is in Tarrey town, but it's wierd that it's still been made though, maybe it's for any male Travelers who plan to go into the desert, and they aren't really Gerudo sized either, they're more the size of an average hylian?
            The secret shop sells them in gerudo town but I understand if you meant they don't openly sell them
                I didn't know there was a secret shop that sold the voe clothes in Gerudo town I thought they were only sold in Tarrytown
                    Ah I see yea it's iirc to the left alley after you walk in but you'll need to have a password to get in they sell another armor set there as well
            They still have to find non Gerudo parters. Maybe their genetics are so dominant that only the females are tall? Evidently a male is born every century.
                Well that explains the reason for there still being male Gerudo clothing, and I think the Gerudo male thing being born every century is for a prophesy? Reason being why whenever a male Gerudo is born they are always declared as a king of the Gerudo and are always named Ganondorf and destined to attack hyrule due to Ganon reincarnating as a Gerudo?
    I remember that from somewhere but what about the beautiful person at the oasis that sells you the clothes for getting into the gerudo town? Maybe they were rather old and will have passed away by botw sequel? They had a white beard
        This person was Hylian.
            Wow, thanks, I always thought they were gerudo cause of their appearance.
    Which character says this? I would like to find her please
        I mean, when you think about it, Nintendo could intend not to merge the timelines, but for them to all arrive at a same specific point? Like a, “No matter what timeline you choose, nothing will change. It will all come back to the same thing.” In reality I’d assume it was just made like that so they can now continue the story with just one focus instead of dropping different things connected to different timelines each time.
        I think it might be the ruling Gerudo during some quest like speech I can't remember her name but I distinctly remember that being said
    But Vilia exists, and unless she isn’t actually a “he” like Link accuses her of being, she was born male, which throws a huge wrench in that theory. I tried commenting this on the video that explores this theory, but the creator hasn’t replied so far. I think he’s scared of being wrong, as is everyone else who ignores this when I bring it up.
        Who’s Vilia? What are you talking about?
            The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
            The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
                Yeah. That is a dude but He’s Hylian. Not a Gerudo
                    How do you know?
                        Because I do my research. Here’s [proof](https://images.app.goo.gl/RScYQsJGDSfNpF8x9)
                            Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
                                Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
    What if after the credits roll in botw2 (presumably after Gannon is defeated) it is revealed that Rondason has given birth to a boy and dramatic music starts
        That would be interesting to see since ganondorf always reincarnates as a Gerudo male
            Wouldn’t it still be a gerudo male?
                Yeah that's what I said, it would be interesting since Ganon alway reincarnates as a Gerudo male meaning a possible return of Ganon I just worded it poorly, sorry
                    Oh ok I understand now
    I wonder if, in Nintendo's spirit of resetting the series, they might ignore that technicality, and have a Gerudo son anyways.  Alternatively, with the vastness of the Gerudo desert, perhaps the are numerous Gerudo civilizations on the far reaches of the desert where the 1 in 100 year male has been born all this time.  It's quite likely that their population would be much greater and widespread, considering the time passed, but again, due to the desert, most don't know that other Gerudo exist
    Well I mean botw 2s events take place pretty soon after the terry-town quest. In breath of the wild 2 link may very well kill Ganondorf for good and then the couple may then have a child.
        How does this link into it, it's been like 4 months so I don't fully remember but I know I was talking about there having not been a new gerudo male because ganondorf never died?
    If Ganondorf was imprisoned under Hyrule castle, then where was he when Link was fighting Calamity Ganon? Because that chamber you fight the Calamity in is under the castle.
        The castle is raised up with the chamber beneath the main central point, and with all the mines around the castle then there probably is an area that goes far deeper beneath it

Also this thing is like over a year old so I have no clue how you've found this
            I HAVE NO CLUE BECAUSE I NEVER HAD REDDIT A YEAR AGO?! 😂
                I had no clue that this whole post even existed
    In BOTW, Ganon is defeated for good, Zelda states “he’s given up on reincarnation for greater power. If you don’t defeat him now he will lay waste to all of hyrule.”
Ganonson?
    Ganson
        No one's slick as Ganson

No one's quick as Ganson

No one's neck's as incredibly thick as Ganson
            For there’s no man in town half as manly,

Perfect, a pure paragon!
                You can ask any Thomson, Dickson, or Stanleyson, and they’ll tell you whose team they prefer to be on
                    No ones big as Ganson
                        A kingpin like Ganson
            This hasn’t been appreciated enough.
            I absolutely lost it. I wish I could give you more gold for this.
            This is the height of comedy
        Ganson*dorf*
            Ganondorf**son**
                This is the way
                    This is the way
                        This is the Wayson
        Gannon Gannonsonson
        Grandson
    This is my hangup as well.  The son ending doesn't really mean anything.
        It's really just texture for the construction company, right? I don't know if everyone in Tarry Town has to have the son suffix, even if the original founders were all part of the construction company.
            It is stated in the side quest everyone's name must end in son, hence why Hudson made Rhondson promise to name their kid with a name ending in son.
    Twinrovason
        Nabooruson
    I wonder if his last name is still considered to be Dragmire
How do Gerudo reproduce if there is only 1 male every hundred years. If they have to go out and bang hylians, then shouldn't they start losing their dark skin, tall stature, and all that?
    Storks bring them new babies
    Dominant genes and Something like living in a desert might be plausible enough.
    Plot twist they are mostly banging people from Lurelin Village to keep their genetic traits.
    Why do you think those Gorons are let into Gerudo Town?
    It's a fantasy game, my dude. It doesn't need to perfectly align with genetic reality.
    First, both sexual cromosomes are present on the egg. And they are violent, and hungry, they eat the sexual cromosome of the sperm. Then, the rest fist fight to assert dominance.

And, by chance, sometimes one of the X lose a foot in the battle and the male is born.

This is my headcannon.
    Super dominant genes. It wasnt 100%, considering they sprinkled the very pale Gerudo occasionally, and a white haired gene (sheikah) probably created the odd pink hair with some sort of partial dominance action.

You have to free all those male Hylians in Ocarina of Time.  It was both hilarious and super annoying.
I mean that's an incredible theory, however there is one thing that doesn't make sense: the geography of Hyrule. Tarrey town is located on the edge of the map, and if it were to be the location of the old Hyrule Castle, then where would Castle Town go? How come Zora's domain is located at the complete opposite side to the castle now? Where has Hryule field gone, alongside the Kokiri Forest? If anything, Tarrey town is either a slight reference to Ganon's castle or there is another reason for it's strange existence.
    [deleted]
        As for the location of the deku tree, there is a theory that the great plateau and the lost woods swapped places. When I first heard it, I thought it was ridiculous, I'm kindog half convinced, the great plateau looks like OoT castle town, the lost woods would be roughly where the great plateau was, etc. 

But in general, yeah, the specific locations aren't nearly consistent enough across games for it to be a solid enough way to prove anything
            During the development of the game, they situated the lost woods where Kakariko is now. They decided to switch it late in development for Reasons™️

https://nintendoeverything.com/kakariko-village-and-korok-forest-swapped-locations-while-zelda-breath-of-the-wild-was-in-development/
                I'm guessing it's because most people would go east first and stumble directly into it. Where's the way it is now I didn't find it for dozens of hours.
        Random pedantry here, but in OoT, the forest is to the east. Lake Hylia is in the south.
    Well yeah but why is Hyrule Castle Town on the great Plateau?  Maybe whatever spacetime event merged the three timelines fucked with the geography a bit.
        That’s not what happened
    This does canonically take place after the great flood so maybe the water dies down?
        Canonically? It’s not canonically in the Adult Timeline. This game is Downfall Timeline
            It hasn't been confirmed which. People theorize that the oringal Hyrule Warriors is actually cannon and that's how it merges the timelines.
                The timelines don’t merge. And if it hasn’t been confirmed then it’s not “canonically” after The great flood”
                    People think the timelines merge because BOTW has references to all the timelines. Also most of what we think about LoZ is speculation, so I'm not sure what you mean.
                        It doesn’t tho there’s only one reference to child in the replica mirror of twilight. And there’s more references to downfall than anywhere else.
                            That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
                                I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
Updooted for 'gannon's mumm-ra form' YES
Except that OoT happens *before* BotW. Zelda references "the Hero of Time" (aka OoT link) when performing the knighting ceremony on BotW's link.
O.O
worth noting that gannondorf grew up in the desert, developing his hatred of the royal family
The fairy fountain is in the same(ish) place in both games
I kinda wish we would get a Zelda where the protagonist is a male Gerudo with the triforce of power trying to save Hyrule or something.
Nah it can’t work, one male gerudo is born every 100 years and that’s certain unless the previous male gerudo is still alive, botw2 confirms ganondorf is still alive so another male cannot be born, this is further the case when we learn a male gerudo has not been born for centuries
    I feel we're all neglecting Hudson here. If Hudson impregnates (kind of gross lmao, sorry) Rhondson the child would then be half Hylian half Gerudo right? Does the female-only rule apply to all Gerudo children, even if they're only like 12.5% Gerudo? Could Hudson just have really dominant Y chromosome?

I'm not sure how or if I would tie this back to Ganon, but I'm now curious as to the biological implications lol

Edit: I'm now realizing that actually all Gerudo children must be mixed race, because there are no male Gerudo's with which to create a 100% Gerudo child. Maybe that answers my question, they'd just come out female
        There cannot be another male child regardless of the race of the farther
            Yeah I had answered my own question, I was tired
                Fair enough
    Which character says this?
        It’s obvious, there’s no male king, there is zero history about a male king, the previous generals of the gerudo have all been female
            That doesn’t mean no make has been born. It means they kill all the males
                What? No a male can’t be born with another male alive, and it’s treason to kill a male gerudo as a male gerudo by law is automatically king of the gerudo
                    When has that ever been said? That’s just headcanon fan made bullshit. Also laws change
                        Except it hasn’t changed?
                            How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
Personally not subscribing to this theory, but love it from a story-telling standpoint. Depending on the timeframe and ending of BotW 2, this would be a good pitch to set up BotW 3... Like if Link and Zelda end Ganondorf the original King of Evil, and this Gerudo child just so happens to be born right after... Ooooh...
F*ck
But. There is already a Gerudo male in existence.
So for her to have a male would prove the every hundred years male Gerudo wrong. That male couldn’t be over 100 years old cuz then he would look like Impa.
But that's JUST A THEORY...
There hasn't been a male Gerudo born because the last one is still alive...
    Since when is that how it works?
Okay but everyone here is forgetting about Vilia. The Gerudo born MALE at birth, though is female-presenting. They claim a Gerudo male hasn’t been born since Ganondorf, but Vilia is living proof that this is false. Don’t believe me? Vilia is voiced by a male actor, and you can see stubble under “her” face mask. It could mean that the males born every one-hundred years since Ganondorf have either been ostracized or encouraged to join the rest of them as a woman (in presentation, at the very least). On the flip side, Vilia could just be a very tan Hylian with dyed orange hair or an extremely manish Gerudo woman.
    Vilia is a Hylian
Wow. Just wow.
Well given the last Ganon is still technically alive, what if instead we got a *heroic* male Gerudo.
Except it's stated that hasn't happened in Ages, oh and there's the fact that GANONDORF'S SLOWLY DECAYING CORPSE IS BELOW HYRULE CASTLE! Also Ganon's Tower was built where Hyrule Castle was.
The only problems are that:

1. Ganondorf’s name doesn’t end in son
2. Based on dialogue in the game (specifically when link has the ceremony of becoming a champion in which case Zelda points out some previous accomplishments of the spirit of the hero: “Whether skyward bound, **adrift in time**, or steeped in the glowing embers of twilight…” skyward sword, ocarina of time, and twilight princess.) we know botw comes *after* the events of Ocarina of time (and twilight princess canonically follows ocarina of time). I’m guessing it’s either just an Easter egg or maybe further indicating this Hyrule is more closely following the events of those games than perhaps initially thought. (For example, the fountain in the center of castle town ruins is like identical to the one in twilight princess.)
Such insight!
Ganon's reincarnation will be called Ganson
I definitely would not have seen that coming
I accept this as canon.
Saving comment in case this ends up being right
they cant end ganons name with son tho.
Well it would be Ganson
All of the workers names end in "son" as a nod to OoT as Ichiro, Jiro, Sabooro, and Shiro are common names to give to sons in Japan.
Which game reveals that only one male Gerudo is born every 100 years and is destined to be the king?
Canonically changing ganandorf to ganonson, because bolson company bilaws cannot be broken
It's even in the same direction when walking over the bridge as Ganon's castle... holy shit!
Same
Maybe, but it also has been centuries since OOT (since BOTW is canonically at the end of the timeline), so there is more than enough time for the ruins to remain, regain vegetation and a pond, and later become the start of Tarrey Town. Plus, the game is littered with Easter Eggs and hints at being tied to past games, so I wouldn't be surprised if this is one of them. I always wondered why this spot looked familiar, though.
    More than mere centuries, likely over 100,000 years
    That could be true but the OOT castle town ruins seem to actually be the great plateau, so idk.
        As stated in multiple comments in this thread, Hyrule's geography changes so drastically each game, most people do not regard location placement as a trustworthy source for fact-checking Zelda lore.
            This. We've been casually ignoring how the Great Plateau swapped places with the Lost Woods for like, 4 years now. Nobody knows why Hyrule is like this. We just know that it is.
                I personally blame Wibbly Wobbly Times Wimey stuff
                Tectonic plates shifting maybe?
                    Yes, because the tectonic plates just grow legs and walk around, swapping places with eachother and sitting down wherever the fuck they like. Yes.
        Aren't they in front of the castle? Even being called castle town ruins?
        If you take the Great Plateau map and rotate it 180°, align both temple of times, the Great Plateau zones match up to the OOT map with the Forest of Spirits being the Lost Woods, the River of the Dead being Zoras Domain, etc. Not sure how to link it but I shopped together an overlay that I would otherwise share here
Still gonna pretend that the breach of demise isn't an excavation site and actually where all Hell broke loose for the first time. 

But you're most likely right.
Right!!
    Love this theory.  But isn’t Ganon’s castle in OOT, Hyrule Castle?
        well plenty of things have moved before. the temple of time was also near the castle, but is now miles away.
            Good poiny
        For that matter you could also say they have rebuild the castle somewhere else? Since this is centuries ahead in time? (That would sound like a sollution in my head)
Oh wtf apparently I upvoted the original? Weird that it rings zero bells
Good bot
Can we have an answer to this op?
    We need answers nao!
    I couldn't find any other posts referencing it and I pulled the image off of an image search.
        So not an intentional repost. I just didn't have the time to take screenshots.
:D
Ty ty
Ok except the mountain ranges in the background line up too.
    Not quite. They're completely different mountains. Remember, Ganon's Castle was on the destroyed site of Hyrule Castle and the Tarrey Town Bluff is in Akkala. Simply because both sites feature mountains in the background, a geographic feature common to Zelda games, does not mean they are the same mountains.
        Ok.  But one, several features of the map have moved drastically.  Two.  The mountains have almost the exact same shape at every angle.  Just with a slightly higher polygon count.
            The ruins of Ganon's Castle was built on the former site of Hyrule Castle and Hyrule Castle Town and was atop a floating outcropping of rock. The Tarrey Town bluff is solidly rooted to the earth. The OOT Castle Town ruins are notably not located at Tarrey Town but evidently the Great Plateau, the place said to be the birthplace of Hyrule.

The immediate area surrounding Tarrey Town is devoid of any semblance or evidence of a past civilization, particularly that of Castle Town (which is, again, evidently the Great Plateau). It is also makes zero sense that Castle Town from OOT would have magically migrated next to the sea, which supports that it's just a bluff by the sea separated by years of erosion and weathering.

As for the mountains, I really don't see them as being almost exactly alike. That just seems to be your opinion, and the Akkala mountains are clearly higher than the boundary mountains Nintendo rendered behind Ganon's Castle. Really, these two locations are more different than they are similar.  They're not even the same color of rock -- the OOT rocks are brown and the Tarrey Town bluff and Akkala mountains are ruddy.

However, if you really want to believe that a random bluff by the sea is actually the site of Ganon's Castle, more power to you.
Hey if it wasn't reposted I wouldn't have seen it. And many others as well. Reposts need less hate.
Ty
[deleted]
    You may notice that I replied to the comment calling this post out earlier
        didnt lol sorry
            That’s fine
Except thats obviously a new Hyrule Castle.

As Hyrule Castle Town is on the great Plateau.
    Compare the OoT map and the BotW map. Look at where the Goron, Ruto and Gerudo villages are positioned compared to Hyrule castle. It's still in the same spot.
        And yet the Lost Woods aren't and theres a giant plateau where Lon Lon ranch once stood.
            Actually, there's the ranch ruins where lon lon ranch once stood. It's literally set up like OoT.
Going by your logic there should not be a Hyrule castle in BOTW so that's really not an argument.
    I'm guessing they rebuilt it after ocarina?
        Yes, but they could very well have chosen to rebuild it somewhere else, so that doesn't prove much either.
There are probably games similar to it.
    I would love to know. One that I remember being like this is Digimon world for PS1 but that didn't aged well
BOTW is the last in the chronology
The only game that's come out that's before oot is skyward sword which is the first game in the timeline, botw follows the timeline where oot link dies, since Ganon is a demon and not Ganondorf
    We have no idea which timeline breath of the wild takes place in
        It’s been semi confirmed that BOTW takes place so far in the future that all the timelines recombine and the three timelines we’ve come to know don’t really exist anymore. And before you say anything yes I know that’s not how time works but it’s the only thing we’ve got to work with.
            This is what I’ve seen and read as well. It was even confirmed by the developers
            With the way it's going it looks like it's either going to be in the Twilight princess timeline or as most other people say the downfall timeline but I just don't think that it'd be in the downfall
        Unless you use basic context, like the design of the map because of where gerudo town/ death mountain and the temple of time are. The form of Gannon in the game because only the one time line has demon Gannon and not Gannondorf. And the non-dlc clothing items available in game
            Except we see ganondorf in the newest trailer and the map has changed so much through all the games that it can't be used as a thing to pinpoint which timelines it's in
                The map actually hasn't, in each timelije there's a rather specific set up for the world's layout. And that's going to be most likely just him reverting after defeat since this won't be new link/Zelda/Ganon like usual. The timeline really isn't that hard to put together
It looks like ocarina of time, however don’t take my word for it since I’ve never played ocarina of time
The original Ocarina of Time for N64.
    I figured as much but it's been a reeeal long time since i've played the game and this scene didn't look familiar
grandhudson, great-grandhudson, etc
Yeah, and in a different timeline.
More likely this
Wait is this implied in BotW?
    Well ganondorfs withered body is shown within the first botw2 trailer and since it moved it's showing that he must still be alive
        Sort of alive. He is a mummified corpse at the moment. He's a stubborn kind of chap.
            He's kinda mummified but he is well alive considering he did move
                it could be the malice piloting his body
                    Well he could be keeping himself alive with the malice, and he is the source of the malice that is pouring from the wound on his chest
                        I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
                        thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
                        we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
                            I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
                Undead are a thing. Not alive but moving.
        Gamins always alive he's either ruling or sleeping
            Gamin
    It's a given rule for the Gerudo race in the entire Zelda universe, you can assume this rule in any game they appear unless it's explicitly stated otherwise.
        And his theory would brake that rule due to the fact there is a Gerudo male already and he couldn’t be over 100 years old or he would look similar to impa the oldest character between the Five races in BotW.
            The story of BoTW takes place 100 years after Link falls in Battle. Ergo, it would BE 100 years OR MORE since the Original Gerudo Male Ganondorf was born. Assuming he isn't much older than Link, that would still make Ganondorf around 18-21 when Ganon separated. Obviously, Ganondorf is usually years older than Link, so it's 100% likely for a Male to be born to any given Gerudo Mother as of BoTW starting, even more so if BoTW2 takes places after 1.
Oh so Ganon is a Gerudo ?
    Yeah, ganondorf is a Gerudo
    Yes he is.
    Always has been.
        🧟‍♂️🪃🧝🏻
        Since Ocarina of Time, anyway.
            Yes Ganon/Ganondorf is a reincarnation of demise the main boss of Skyward sword as he cursed hyrule that a reincarnation of him will be born time and time again but in doing so a version of link and Zelda will be born time and time again always coming to hyrules aid
        Not always, after the events of ocarina of time, yes. But before like in the first ganondorf we see in game (release wise, not timeline wise) was pretty much just a man. Then there’s also the beast Ganon versions. Ganon is always the pig-beast form while Ganondorf is always the human form, albeit most famously Gerudo.
    Ganon isn't, but Ganon*dorf* is. Ganon himself is more of a a demon who reincarnates, but Ganondorf is basically a Gerudo incarnation of Ganon. That's also why pretty much every non-sequel game has Ganon, but not all of them have Ganondorf (and even in the ones that do, Wind Waker and Twilight Princess, I think they're heavily implied if not outright stated to be the same Ganondorf from OOT since he only got sealed away, but never actually died). In ALTTP Agahnim becomes Ganon; in ALBW Yuga becomes Ganon. Neither of these people are Gerudo nor are the Gerudo anywhere to be found in either of those games in general. And in Skyward Sword you fight the original incarnation of Ganon, Demise. BotW's Calamity Ganon is, from my understanding, basically the demonic spirit of Ganon separating itself from a mortal host and acting on its own, while Ganondorf would still be locked away deep under the castle. Plus, Urbosa even says in one of the flashbacks that Ganon once manifested as a male Gerudo, which not only explains why she has a bone to pick with him, but also implies there have been other male Gerudo (I don't believe it's ever explicitly stated, but it's heavily theorized that Vilia, the merchant that sells you the Gerudo Vai outfit, is a Gerudo male) that weren't reincarnations of Ganon and otherwise had no connection to him, so the idea of Ganon always manifesting as the sole Gerudo male every century or so was one that I could never get behind
        You are the reason why I love Reddit.
            Honestly gave me depression, no offense to him
                Why?
                    Just reading all of that and realising wow I’m never gonna get laid lol
                        I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
        Vilia’s wiki page says her race is Hylian, BUT this brings an interesting theory to mind: transgender Gerudo women. We only ever really hear one person say Vilia is a man, and it’s the other Hylian man Link mets outside Gerudo Town. Everyone else refers to her as a *vai* , and considering several Gerudo women can see through Link’s disguise, I like to believe it’s not as infallible as the game makes it out to be. What if Vilia (Gerudo or Hylian, it doesn’t really matter, but it’s certainly more interesting if she’s Gerudo) was AMAB but then came out as transgender? This would certainly subvert the 100 year Gerudo male rule and give an interesting insight on Gerudo and Hylian social commentary. 

(Sorry for the rant, the one-off line about Vilia gave me a brain blast)
        If the timeline is to be believed (and there's very little reason not to outside of a couple 2D games) then almost every incarnation of Ganon is actually Ganondorf. 
OoT was made as a prequel to ALttP so that Ganon is canonically Ganondorf, and the oracle games were made as sequels to ALttP so that also connects, and ditto with ALBW where Yuga fuses with Ganon. Ganon from the NES games was moreso shoe horned in so those might be reincarnated demons, and I can't speak for the 4 Swords games since I haven't played them, but at least from Ocarina all the way through to A Link Between Worlds it's the same guy, through being sealed away or resurrected through magic but never reincarnated.

(again, i can't speak for 4 swords Ganon idk the lore there)

edit: spelling
            The Four Swords games barely have Ganon at all. The storyline of that series (as far as I know) starts with Minish Cap, wherein the main villain is Vaati with no presence of Ganon at all. Not even referenced he just straight up is not there. Then is Four Swords on... I wanna say the Gameboy Color? The game barely has a story at all and is more of an arcade-style, level-based action game. Anyway, once again, it's Vaati. No Ganon. At least not in the main story. I was never able to finish the bonus levels and such, so it's *possible* he might show up there, but he'd have no story significance at all. He'd just be a bonus boss. And Four Swords Adventures is mostly the same, except it has the sort of Twilight Princess issue of Ganon essentially just showing up halfway through and completely hijacking the plot. I can't recall if Ganon*dorf* makes any sort of appearance, but Ganon is definitely there (though, I'm sure many could argue he shouldn't be)
        Vilia is Hylian
        While yes, not every gerudo becomes Ganondorf (as Ganon was thier new leader and the most recent incarnation of demise) I will remind you this can never happen because Ganon/Ganondorf never really seperated/died yet. Ganon (beast pig boi) happnes when the Hero fails to defeat him and he rampages across hyrule, staying in beast form long enough that he can't stop. And Ganondorf appears in the timeline where Link succeds, and Ganondorf is sealed away in his humanoid form. After being brought back, Ganondorf never assumes his beast form again (supposedley because he knew he coulden't controll it) and (with the exception of wind waker timeline) Ganon and Ganondorf haven't been killed or seperated yet. Dark beast and Calamity Ganon are still incarnations of Ganondorfs dream, to become the sole ruler of Hyrule. Desmises curse still isin't moving on from Ganondorf/Ganon, who are the SAME being. Also Agahnim and Yuga only fused with, not became Ganon. Cannot say this enough, Ganon and Ganondorf are the same entity. Your confusing Ganon (beast) with the curse of Demise. Also Botw is confusing because it brings parts of all the timelines into 1 game, and now we have a Ganondorf corpse and Dark beast ganon in the same timeline, so anything is on the table for the sequil. (Its like the creators are purpousley trying to screw over people using the timeline to predict the next game)
            The way I see BotW is as a sort of reimagining of the original Zelda, so I think maybe the sequel could be like a reimagining of Zelda 2 where Ganon is now officially dead and there's a group trying to resurrect him. There's obviously not any way to know that for sure until it's out, but I personally think that would be pretty cool
                That would be pretty cool
        Ganon is literally just Ganondorf as a Werepig. One didn’t exist prior to the other because they’re the same being. Literally everything you just said is fanon. Also Demise isn’t Ganon(dorf).
    Only in his humanoud form, but yes
    Yes, in ocarina of time he was the king of the gerudo
    Ganon is malice incarnate. Ganondorf is Gerudo.

I believe Ganon got the name when he took a mortal form, like Hylia did with Zelda.
        Ganondorf/Ganon is Demise from Skyward Sword incarnate. Ganon is the pig beast form while Ganondorf is the humanoid form. Sometimes Demise comes back as one or the other, sometimes like in Ocarina of Time and Twilight Princess, he does both; he starts out as a humanoid then turns into the beast.
But then you defeat Ganon and he's gone. Just in time for a new incarnation to be born.
    At the end of the game Zelda says ganon has given up on reincarnating and is using all of his power to crush link, it’s implied that killing him in his final form is the last we’ll see of him. However the withered husk of ganondorf seen in the first trailer could be from when he gave up his physical body to become malice and destroy hyrule. Course we don’t know until the sequel
        I dont believe zelda even says anything close to that, what link killed was malice in the form of Ganon, it was not the real Ganon that was killed, Ganondorf's body is withered due to him being imprisoned beneath hyrule castle for possibly centuries, the malice has been leaking from Ganondorf's wound where he was initially stabbed with the master sword
            Straight from the game (Zelda's voiceover before the final stage of the Ganon battle): "Ganon was born out of a dark past. He is a pure embodiment of the ancient evil that is reborn time and again... **He has given up on reincarnation and assumed his pure, enraged form.** If set free upon our world, the destruction will be unlike anything ever seen before. "

It definitely seems implied that killing him in this final form will actually be "it" but it definitely isn't explicitly stated.
                Although this is true, it is also known that the English translation completely contradicts the Japanese version because of possible mistranslation. Here is the basic Japanese translation of Zelda’s voiceover: “He’s an embodiment of hatred and grudge that arose in distant antiquity and revives again and again no matter how many times he’s destroyed. **This form was born from his obsessive refusal to give up on revival…** If set free upon the world, it would result in a tragedy surpassing the one 100 years ago.”

It’s safe to assume the Japanese version is the most canonical, and the English translation became contradictory because of a translation error. The Japanese version seems to moreso prove what Ike said in this thread. The English translation does seem to imply that defeating Dark Beast Ganon will destroy him forever, but the Japanese one suggests that he’ll be back some day (most likely in the form of the mummified Ganondorf we saw in the BotW2 trailers).

Ike may have even played a different translation of the game which was—or at least was similar to—the Japanese translation and thus believed what else was said about Ganon giving up on reincarnation was contradictory. Because (in at least the Japanese version, maybe some others too) it is. 

Even in the English translation, after the fight, Zelda says, “Ganon is gone **for now**,” in which case would contradict what she had just said, if it meant he would be gone **forever.** Besides, we also know Ganon always gets reincarnated in some way or another anyway, so it’s very unlikely he will be forever gone.
                That’s only the English translation, in the original Japanese script it more so implies that Gabon is giving up on a physical form that he was creating a la the cocoon that calamity ganon falls out of and instead uses a form composed of malice
    But you defeated malice creation in the form of Ganon, not the real Ganon. Ganondorf, as shown in the botw 2 trailer is still alive though imprisoned and significantly aged beneath Hyrule castle, link never really killed Ganon, reason being for botw 2 existing and there still having not yet been a new Gerudo male
        Ah. Missed that trailer. Mb
Ganondorf from ocarina of time is the same one in twilight princess who is kinda sorta absolutely killed. So the calamity Ganon is his manifestation and as we see in the botw teaser, there’s a wrinkly old raisin Ganondorf under the castle that’s quite possible the same one form twilight princess, beginning to stir once more.
    The ganondorf under hyrule castle is definetly the same one from ocarina of time and twilight princes as he has the same would on his chest which is where the malice has been leaking from and the green hand thing was holding him from
        Yes that’s what I thought too
Also, Nintendo confirmed that BOTW was at the very end of all the time lines.
    Which is wierd because it really doesn't make much sense
        I mean it makes just as much sense as pulling a sword out will make you travel through time, or a moon being pulled out of the sky by magic.
    They didn’t. They just placed it in the far future and connected it to nothing. You can’t merge timelines
        Not according to Nintendo. Also, they can do whatever the fuck they want with their IP. There is no law that states games need continuity.

You do know that malice can't be embodied, right? You do know magic doesn't exist, right? You do know that reincarnation isn't real, right?

Don't tell me it's impossible for timelines to merge in a game that has a **fictional** story. Because they can literally make anything up and there is absolutely nothing you can ever do about it.
            when/where did nintendo say this?/gen
                https://kotaku.com/breath-of-the-wild-gets-official-placement-on-the-zelda-1828141649

>So the big question was always: Which timeline does Breath of the Wild conclude? Nintendo’s answer is: all three? Maybe? Instead of connecting the newest Zelda game to one of the timelines, Nintendo has just stuck it on the end. The Japanese magazine Famitsu asked Nintendo what the deal was, and (as translated by Siliconera) both Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma and Breath of the Wild director Hidemaro Fujibayashi punted: 

>Eiji Aonuma, series producer: “Well of course it’s at the very end. But, I get what you’re asking, it’s which timeline is it the end of?”

>Hidemaro Fujibayashi, director: “That’s… up to the player’s imagination, isn’t it?”

Sounds like all three to me. But, it also sounds like they're saying their same "we don't actually care about the timeline" stuff that they are always going to be saying every time a new game gets released.
Yet they still keep up the practice of making male clothes.
    Well they don't actually sell male clothes in Gerudo town, the only place you can actually get it is in Tarrey town, but it's wierd that it's still been made though, maybe it's for any male Travelers who plan to go into the desert, and they aren't really Gerudo sized either, they're more the size of an average hylian?
        The secret shop sells them in gerudo town but I understand if you meant they don't openly sell them
            I didn't know there was a secret shop that sold the voe clothes in Gerudo town I thought they were only sold in Tarrytown
                Ah I see yea it's iirc to the left alley after you walk in but you'll need to have a password to get in they sell another armor set there as well
        They still have to find non Gerudo parters. Maybe their genetics are so dominant that only the females are tall? Evidently a male is born every century.
            Well that explains the reason for there still being male Gerudo clothing, and I think the Gerudo male thing being born every century is for a prophesy? Reason being why whenever a male Gerudo is born they are always declared as a king of the Gerudo and are always named Ganondorf and destined to attack hyrule due to Ganon reincarnating as a Gerudo?
I remember that from somewhere but what about the beautiful person at the oasis that sells you the clothes for getting into the gerudo town? Maybe they were rather old and will have passed away by botw sequel? They had a white beard
    This person was Hylian.
        Wow, thanks, I always thought they were gerudo cause of their appearance.
Which character says this? I would like to find her please
    I mean, when you think about it, Nintendo could intend not to merge the timelines, but for them to all arrive at a same specific point? Like a, “No matter what timeline you choose, nothing will change. It will all come back to the same thing.” In reality I’d assume it was just made like that so they can now continue the story with just one focus instead of dropping different things connected to different timelines each time.
    I think it might be the ruling Gerudo during some quest like speech I can't remember her name but I distinctly remember that being said
But Vilia exists, and unless she isn’t actually a “he” like Link accuses her of being, she was born male, which throws a huge wrench in that theory. I tried commenting this on the video that explores this theory, but the creator hasn’t replied so far. I think he’s scared of being wrong, as is everyone else who ignores this when I bring it up.
    Who’s Vilia? What are you talking about?
        The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
        The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
            Yeah. That is a dude but He’s Hylian. Not a Gerudo
                How do you know?
                    Because I do my research. Here’s [proof](https://images.app.goo.gl/RScYQsJGDSfNpF8x9)
                        Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
                            Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
What if after the credits roll in botw2 (presumably after Gannon is defeated) it is revealed that Rondason has given birth to a boy and dramatic music starts
    That would be interesting to see since ganondorf always reincarnates as a Gerudo male
        Wouldn’t it still be a gerudo male?
            Yeah that's what I said, it would be interesting since Ganon alway reincarnates as a Gerudo male meaning a possible return of Ganon I just worded it poorly, sorry
                Oh ok I understand now
I wonder if, in Nintendo's spirit of resetting the series, they might ignore that technicality, and have a Gerudo son anyways.  Alternatively, with the vastness of the Gerudo desert, perhaps the are numerous Gerudo civilizations on the far reaches of the desert where the 1 in 100 year male has been born all this time.  It's quite likely that their population would be much greater and widespread, considering the time passed, but again, due to the desert, most don't know that other Gerudo exist
Well I mean botw 2s events take place pretty soon after the terry-town quest. In breath of the wild 2 link may very well kill Ganondorf for good and then the couple may then have a child.
    How does this link into it, it's been like 4 months so I don't fully remember but I know I was talking about there having not been a new gerudo male because ganondorf never died?
If Ganondorf was imprisoned under Hyrule castle, then where was he when Link was fighting Calamity Ganon? Because that chamber you fight the Calamity in is under the castle.
    The castle is raised up with the chamber beneath the main central point, and with all the mines around the castle then there probably is an area that goes far deeper beneath it

Also this thing is like over a year old so I have no clue how you've found this
        I HAVE NO CLUE BECAUSE I NEVER HAD REDDIT A YEAR AGO?! 😂
            I had no clue that this whole post even existed
In BOTW, Ganon is defeated for good, Zelda states “he’s given up on reincarnation for greater power. If you don’t defeat him now he will lay waste to all of hyrule.”
Ganson
    No one's slick as Ganson

No one's quick as Ganson

No one's neck's as incredibly thick as Ganson
        For there’s no man in town half as manly,

Perfect, a pure paragon!
            You can ask any Thomson, Dickson, or Stanleyson, and they’ll tell you whose team they prefer to be on
                No ones big as Ganson
                    A kingpin like Ganson
        This hasn’t been appreciated enough.
        I absolutely lost it. I wish I could give you more gold for this.
        This is the height of comedy
    Ganson*dorf*
        Ganondorf**son**
            This is the way
                This is the way
                    This is the Wayson
    Gannon Gannonsonson
    Grandson
This is my hangup as well.  The son ending doesn't really mean anything.
    It's really just texture for the construction company, right? I don't know if everyone in Tarry Town has to have the son suffix, even if the original founders were all part of the construction company.
        It is stated in the side quest everyone's name must end in son, hence why Hudson made Rhondson promise to name their kid with a name ending in son.
Twinrovason
    Nabooruson
I wonder if his last name is still considered to be Dragmire
Storks bring them new babies
Dominant genes and Something like living in a desert might be plausible enough.
Plot twist they are mostly banging people from Lurelin Village to keep their genetic traits.
Why do you think those Gorons are let into Gerudo Town?
It's a fantasy game, my dude. It doesn't need to perfectly align with genetic reality.
First, both sexual cromosomes are present on the egg. And they are violent, and hungry, they eat the sexual cromosome of the sperm. Then, the rest fist fight to assert dominance.

And, by chance, sometimes one of the X lose a foot in the battle and the male is born.

This is my headcannon.
Super dominant genes. It wasnt 100%, considering they sprinkled the very pale Gerudo occasionally, and a white haired gene (sheikah) probably created the odd pink hair with some sort of partial dominance action.

You have to free all those male Hylians in Ocarina of Time.  It was both hilarious and super annoying.
[deleted]
    As for the location of the deku tree, there is a theory that the great plateau and the lost woods swapped places. When I first heard it, I thought it was ridiculous, I'm kindog half convinced, the great plateau looks like OoT castle town, the lost woods would be roughly where the great plateau was, etc. 

But in general, yeah, the specific locations aren't nearly consistent enough across games for it to be a solid enough way to prove anything
        During the development of the game, they situated the lost woods where Kakariko is now. They decided to switch it late in development for Reasons™️

https://nintendoeverything.com/kakariko-village-and-korok-forest-swapped-locations-while-zelda-breath-of-the-wild-was-in-development/
            I'm guessing it's because most people would go east first and stumble directly into it. Where's the way it is now I didn't find it for dozens of hours.
    Random pedantry here, but in OoT, the forest is to the east. Lake Hylia is in the south.
Well yeah but why is Hyrule Castle Town on the great Plateau?  Maybe whatever spacetime event merged the three timelines fucked with the geography a bit.
    That’s not what happened
This does canonically take place after the great flood so maybe the water dies down?
    Canonically? It’s not canonically in the Adult Timeline. This game is Downfall Timeline
        It hasn't been confirmed which. People theorize that the oringal Hyrule Warriors is actually cannon and that's how it merges the timelines.
            The timelines don’t merge. And if it hasn’t been confirmed then it’s not “canonically” after The great flood”
                People think the timelines merge because BOTW has references to all the timelines. Also most of what we think about LoZ is speculation, so I'm not sure what you mean.
                    It doesn’t tho there’s only one reference to child in the replica mirror of twilight. And there’s more references to downfall than anywhere else.
                        That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
                            I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
I feel we're all neglecting Hudson here. If Hudson impregnates (kind of gross lmao, sorry) Rhondson the child would then be half Hylian half Gerudo right? Does the female-only rule apply to all Gerudo children, even if they're only like 12.5% Gerudo? Could Hudson just have really dominant Y chromosome?

I'm not sure how or if I would tie this back to Ganon, but I'm now curious as to the biological implications lol

Edit: I'm now realizing that actually all Gerudo children must be mixed race, because there are no male Gerudo's with which to create a 100% Gerudo child. Maybe that answers my question, they'd just come out female
    There cannot be another male child regardless of the race of the farther
        Yeah I had answered my own question, I was tired
            Fair enough
Which character says this?
    It’s obvious, there’s no male king, there is zero history about a male king, the previous generals of the gerudo have all been female
        That doesn’t mean no make has been born. It means they kill all the males
            What? No a male can’t be born with another male alive, and it’s treason to kill a male gerudo as a male gerudo by law is automatically king of the gerudo
                When has that ever been said? That’s just headcanon fan made bullshit. Also laws change
                    Except it hasn’t changed?
                        How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
Since when is that how it works?
Vilia is a Hylian
More than mere centuries, likely over 100,000 years
That could be true but the OOT castle town ruins seem to actually be the great plateau, so idk.
    As stated in multiple comments in this thread, Hyrule's geography changes so drastically each game, most people do not regard location placement as a trustworthy source for fact-checking Zelda lore.
        This. We've been casually ignoring how the Great Plateau swapped places with the Lost Woods for like, 4 years now. Nobody knows why Hyrule is like this. We just know that it is.
            I personally blame Wibbly Wobbly Times Wimey stuff
            Tectonic plates shifting maybe?
                Yes, because the tectonic plates just grow legs and walk around, swapping places with eachother and sitting down wherever the fuck they like. Yes.
    Aren't they in front of the castle? Even being called castle town ruins?
    If you take the Great Plateau map and rotate it 180°, align both temple of times, the Great Plateau zones match up to the OOT map with the Forest of Spirits being the Lost Woods, the River of the Dead being Zoras Domain, etc. Not sure how to link it but I shopped together an overlay that I would otherwise share here
Love this theory.  But isn’t Ganon’s castle in OOT, Hyrule Castle?
    well plenty of things have moved before. the temple of time was also near the castle, but is now miles away.
        Good poiny
    For that matter you could also say they have rebuild the castle somewhere else? Since this is centuries ahead in time? (That would sound like a sollution in my head)
We need answers nao!
I couldn't find any other posts referencing it and I pulled the image off of an image search.
    So not an intentional repost. I just didn't have the time to take screenshots.
Not quite. They're completely different mountains. Remember, Ganon's Castle was on the destroyed site of Hyrule Castle and the Tarrey Town Bluff is in Akkala. Simply because both sites feature mountains in the background, a geographic feature common to Zelda games, does not mean they are the same mountains.
    Ok.  But one, several features of the map have moved drastically.  Two.  The mountains have almost the exact same shape at every angle.  Just with a slightly higher polygon count.
        The ruins of Ganon's Castle was built on the former site of Hyrule Castle and Hyrule Castle Town and was atop a floating outcropping of rock. The Tarrey Town bluff is solidly rooted to the earth. The OOT Castle Town ruins are notably not located at Tarrey Town but evidently the Great Plateau, the place said to be the birthplace of Hyrule.

The immediate area surrounding Tarrey Town is devoid of any semblance or evidence of a past civilization, particularly that of Castle Town (which is, again, evidently the Great Plateau). It is also makes zero sense that Castle Town from OOT would have magically migrated next to the sea, which supports that it's just a bluff by the sea separated by years of erosion and weathering.

As for the mountains, I really don't see them as being almost exactly alike. That just seems to be your opinion, and the Akkala mountains are clearly higher than the boundary mountains Nintendo rendered behind Ganon's Castle. Really, these two locations are more different than they are similar.  They're not even the same color of rock -- the OOT rocks are brown and the Tarrey Town bluff and Akkala mountains are ruddy.

However, if you really want to believe that a random bluff by the sea is actually the site of Ganon's Castle, more power to you.
You may notice that I replied to the comment calling this post out earlier
    didnt lol sorry
        That’s fine
Compare the OoT map and the BotW map. Look at where the Goron, Ruto and Gerudo villages are positioned compared to Hyrule castle. It's still in the same spot.
    And yet the Lost Woods aren't and theres a giant plateau where Lon Lon ranch once stood.
        Actually, there's the ranch ruins where lon lon ranch once stood. It's literally set up like OoT.
I'm guessing they rebuilt it after ocarina?
    Yes, but they could very well have chosen to rebuild it somewhere else, so that doesn't prove much either.
I would love to know. One that I remember being like this is Digimon world for PS1 but that didn't aged well
We have no idea which timeline breath of the wild takes place in
    It’s been semi confirmed that BOTW takes place so far in the future that all the timelines recombine and the three timelines we’ve come to know don’t really exist anymore. And before you say anything yes I know that’s not how time works but it’s the only thing we’ve got to work with.
        This is what I’ve seen and read as well. It was even confirmed by the developers
        With the way it's going it looks like it's either going to be in the Twilight princess timeline or as most other people say the downfall timeline but I just don't think that it'd be in the downfall
    Unless you use basic context, like the design of the map because of where gerudo town/ death mountain and the temple of time are. The form of Gannon in the game because only the one time line has demon Gannon and not Gannondorf. And the non-dlc clothing items available in game
        Except we see ganondorf in the newest trailer and the map has changed so much through all the games that it can't be used as a thing to pinpoint which timelines it's in
            The map actually hasn't, in each timelije there's a rather specific set up for the world's layout. And that's going to be most likely just him reverting after defeat since this won't be new link/Zelda/Ganon like usual. The timeline really isn't that hard to put together
I figured as much but it's been a reeeal long time since i've played the game and this scene didn't look familiar
Well ganondorfs withered body is shown within the first botw2 trailer and since it moved it's showing that he must still be alive
    Sort of alive. He is a mummified corpse at the moment. He's a stubborn kind of chap.
        He's kinda mummified but he is well alive considering he did move
            it could be the malice piloting his body
                Well he could be keeping himself alive with the malice, and he is the source of the malice that is pouring from the wound on his chest
                    I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
                    thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
                    we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
                        I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
            Undead are a thing. Not alive but moving.
    Gamins always alive he's either ruling or sleeping
        Gamin
It's a given rule for the Gerudo race in the entire Zelda universe, you can assume this rule in any game they appear unless it's explicitly stated otherwise.
    And his theory would brake that rule due to the fact there is a Gerudo male already and he couldn’t be over 100 years old or he would look similar to impa the oldest character between the Five races in BotW.
        The story of BoTW takes place 100 years after Link falls in Battle. Ergo, it would BE 100 years OR MORE since the Original Gerudo Male Ganondorf was born. Assuming he isn't much older than Link, that would still make Ganondorf around 18-21 when Ganon separated. Obviously, Ganondorf is usually years older than Link, so it's 100% likely for a Male to be born to any given Gerudo Mother as of BoTW starting, even more so if BoTW2 takes places after 1.
Yeah, ganondorf is a Gerudo
Yes he is.
Always has been.
    🧟‍♂️🪃🧝🏻
    Since Ocarina of Time, anyway.
        Yes Ganon/Ganondorf is a reincarnation of demise the main boss of Skyward sword as he cursed hyrule that a reincarnation of him will be born time and time again but in doing so a version of link and Zelda will be born time and time again always coming to hyrules aid
    Not always, after the events of ocarina of time, yes. But before like in the first ganondorf we see in game (release wise, not timeline wise) was pretty much just a man. Then there’s also the beast Ganon versions. Ganon is always the pig-beast form while Ganondorf is always the human form, albeit most famously Gerudo.
Ganon isn't, but Ganon*dorf* is. Ganon himself is more of a a demon who reincarnates, but Ganondorf is basically a Gerudo incarnation of Ganon. That's also why pretty much every non-sequel game has Ganon, but not all of them have Ganondorf (and even in the ones that do, Wind Waker and Twilight Princess, I think they're heavily implied if not outright stated to be the same Ganondorf from OOT since he only got sealed away, but never actually died). In ALTTP Agahnim becomes Ganon; in ALBW Yuga becomes Ganon. Neither of these people are Gerudo nor are the Gerudo anywhere to be found in either of those games in general. And in Skyward Sword you fight the original incarnation of Ganon, Demise. BotW's Calamity Ganon is, from my understanding, basically the demonic spirit of Ganon separating itself from a mortal host and acting on its own, while Ganondorf would still be locked away deep under the castle. Plus, Urbosa even says in one of the flashbacks that Ganon once manifested as a male Gerudo, which not only explains why she has a bone to pick with him, but also implies there have been other male Gerudo (I don't believe it's ever explicitly stated, but it's heavily theorized that Vilia, the merchant that sells you the Gerudo Vai outfit, is a Gerudo male) that weren't reincarnations of Ganon and otherwise had no connection to him, so the idea of Ganon always manifesting as the sole Gerudo male every century or so was one that I could never get behind
    You are the reason why I love Reddit.
        Honestly gave me depression, no offense to him
            Why?
                Just reading all of that and realising wow I’m never gonna get laid lol
                    I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
    Vilia’s wiki page says her race is Hylian, BUT this brings an interesting theory to mind: transgender Gerudo women. We only ever really hear one person say Vilia is a man, and it’s the other Hylian man Link mets outside Gerudo Town. Everyone else refers to her as a *vai* , and considering several Gerudo women can see through Link’s disguise, I like to believe it’s not as infallible as the game makes it out to be. What if Vilia (Gerudo or Hylian, it doesn’t really matter, but it’s certainly more interesting if she’s Gerudo) was AMAB but then came out as transgender? This would certainly subvert the 100 year Gerudo male rule and give an interesting insight on Gerudo and Hylian social commentary. 

(Sorry for the rant, the one-off line about Vilia gave me a brain blast)
    If the timeline is to be believed (and there's very little reason not to outside of a couple 2D games) then almost every incarnation of Ganon is actually Ganondorf. 
OoT was made as a prequel to ALttP so that Ganon is canonically Ganondorf, and the oracle games were made as sequels to ALttP so that also connects, and ditto with ALBW where Yuga fuses with Ganon. Ganon from the NES games was moreso shoe horned in so those might be reincarnated demons, and I can't speak for the 4 Swords games since I haven't played them, but at least from Ocarina all the way through to A Link Between Worlds it's the same guy, through being sealed away or resurrected through magic but never reincarnated.

(again, i can't speak for 4 swords Ganon idk the lore there)

edit: spelling
        The Four Swords games barely have Ganon at all. The storyline of that series (as far as I know) starts with Minish Cap, wherein the main villain is Vaati with no presence of Ganon at all. Not even referenced he just straight up is not there. Then is Four Swords on... I wanna say the Gameboy Color? The game barely has a story at all and is more of an arcade-style, level-based action game. Anyway, once again, it's Vaati. No Ganon. At least not in the main story. I was never able to finish the bonus levels and such, so it's *possible* he might show up there, but he'd have no story significance at all. He'd just be a bonus boss. And Four Swords Adventures is mostly the same, except it has the sort of Twilight Princess issue of Ganon essentially just showing up halfway through and completely hijacking the plot. I can't recall if Ganon*dorf* makes any sort of appearance, but Ganon is definitely there (though, I'm sure many could argue he shouldn't be)
    Vilia is Hylian
    While yes, not every gerudo becomes Ganondorf (as Ganon was thier new leader and the most recent incarnation of demise) I will remind you this can never happen because Ganon/Ganondorf never really seperated/died yet. Ganon (beast pig boi) happnes when the Hero fails to defeat him and he rampages across hyrule, staying in beast form long enough that he can't stop. And Ganondorf appears in the timeline where Link succeds, and Ganondorf is sealed away in his humanoid form. After being brought back, Ganondorf never assumes his beast form again (supposedley because he knew he coulden't controll it) and (with the exception of wind waker timeline) Ganon and Ganondorf haven't been killed or seperated yet. Dark beast and Calamity Ganon are still incarnations of Ganondorfs dream, to become the sole ruler of Hyrule. Desmises curse still isin't moving on from Ganondorf/Ganon, who are the SAME being. Also Agahnim and Yuga only fused with, not became Ganon. Cannot say this enough, Ganon and Ganondorf are the same entity. Your confusing Ganon (beast) with the curse of Demise. Also Botw is confusing because it brings parts of all the timelines into 1 game, and now we have a Ganondorf corpse and Dark beast ganon in the same timeline, so anything is on the table for the sequil. (Its like the creators are purpousley trying to screw over people using the timeline to predict the next game)
        The way I see BotW is as a sort of reimagining of the original Zelda, so I think maybe the sequel could be like a reimagining of Zelda 2 where Ganon is now officially dead and there's a group trying to resurrect him. There's obviously not any way to know that for sure until it's out, but I personally think that would be pretty cool
            That would be pretty cool
    Ganon is literally just Ganondorf as a Werepig. One didn’t exist prior to the other because they’re the same being. Literally everything you just said is fanon. Also Demise isn’t Ganon(dorf).
Only in his humanoud form, but yes
Yes, in ocarina of time he was the king of the gerudo
Ganon is malice incarnate. Ganondorf is Gerudo.

I believe Ganon got the name when he took a mortal form, like Hylia did with Zelda.
    Ganondorf/Ganon is Demise from Skyward Sword incarnate. Ganon is the pig beast form while Ganondorf is the humanoid form. Sometimes Demise comes back as one or the other, sometimes like in Ocarina of Time and Twilight Princess, he does both; he starts out as a humanoid then turns into the beast.
At the end of the game Zelda says ganon has given up on reincarnating and is using all of his power to crush link, it’s implied that killing him in his final form is the last we’ll see of him. However the withered husk of ganondorf seen in the first trailer could be from when he gave up his physical body to become malice and destroy hyrule. Course we don’t know until the sequel
    I dont believe zelda even says anything close to that, what link killed was malice in the form of Ganon, it was not the real Ganon that was killed, Ganondorf's body is withered due to him being imprisoned beneath hyrule castle for possibly centuries, the malice has been leaking from Ganondorf's wound where he was initially stabbed with the master sword
        Straight from the game (Zelda's voiceover before the final stage of the Ganon battle): "Ganon was born out of a dark past. He is a pure embodiment of the ancient evil that is reborn time and again... **He has given up on reincarnation and assumed his pure, enraged form.** If set free upon our world, the destruction will be unlike anything ever seen before. "

It definitely seems implied that killing him in this final form will actually be "it" but it definitely isn't explicitly stated.
            Although this is true, it is also known that the English translation completely contradicts the Japanese version because of possible mistranslation. Here is the basic Japanese translation of Zelda’s voiceover: “He’s an embodiment of hatred and grudge that arose in distant antiquity and revives again and again no matter how many times he’s destroyed. **This form was born from his obsessive refusal to give up on revival…** If set free upon the world, it would result in a tragedy surpassing the one 100 years ago.”

It’s safe to assume the Japanese version is the most canonical, and the English translation became contradictory because of a translation error. The Japanese version seems to moreso prove what Ike said in this thread. The English translation does seem to imply that defeating Dark Beast Ganon will destroy him forever, but the Japanese one suggests that he’ll be back some day (most likely in the form of the mummified Ganondorf we saw in the BotW2 trailers).

Ike may have even played a different translation of the game which was—or at least was similar to—the Japanese translation and thus believed what else was said about Ganon giving up on reincarnation was contradictory. Because (in at least the Japanese version, maybe some others too) it is. 

Even in the English translation, after the fight, Zelda says, “Ganon is gone **for now**,” in which case would contradict what she had just said, if it meant he would be gone **forever.** Besides, we also know Ganon always gets reincarnated in some way or another anyway, so it’s very unlikely he will be forever gone.
            That’s only the English translation, in the original Japanese script it more so implies that Gabon is giving up on a physical form that he was creating a la the cocoon that calamity ganon falls out of and instead uses a form composed of malice
But you defeated malice creation in the form of Ganon, not the real Ganon. Ganondorf, as shown in the botw 2 trailer is still alive though imprisoned and significantly aged beneath Hyrule castle, link never really killed Ganon, reason being for botw 2 existing and there still having not yet been a new Gerudo male
    Ah. Missed that trailer. Mb
The ganondorf under hyrule castle is definetly the same one from ocarina of time and twilight princes as he has the same would on his chest which is where the malice has been leaking from and the green hand thing was holding him from
    Yes that’s what I thought too
Which is wierd because it really doesn't make much sense
    I mean it makes just as much sense as pulling a sword out will make you travel through time, or a moon being pulled out of the sky by magic.
They didn’t. They just placed it in the far future and connected it to nothing. You can’t merge timelines
    Not according to Nintendo. Also, they can do whatever the fuck they want with their IP. There is no law that states games need continuity.

You do know that malice can't be embodied, right? You do know magic doesn't exist, right? You do know that reincarnation isn't real, right?

Don't tell me it's impossible for timelines to merge in a game that has a **fictional** story. Because they can literally make anything up and there is absolutely nothing you can ever do about it.
        when/where did nintendo say this?/gen
            https://kotaku.com/breath-of-the-wild-gets-official-placement-on-the-zelda-1828141649

>So the big question was always: Which timeline does Breath of the Wild conclude? Nintendo’s answer is: all three? Maybe? Instead of connecting the newest Zelda game to one of the timelines, Nintendo has just stuck it on the end. The Japanese magazine Famitsu asked Nintendo what the deal was, and (as translated by Siliconera) both Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma and Breath of the Wild director Hidemaro Fujibayashi punted: 

>Eiji Aonuma, series producer: “Well of course it’s at the very end. But, I get what you’re asking, it’s which timeline is it the end of?”

>Hidemaro Fujibayashi, director: “That’s… up to the player’s imagination, isn’t it?”

Sounds like all three to me. But, it also sounds like they're saying their same "we don't actually care about the timeline" stuff that they are always going to be saying every time a new game gets released.
Well they don't actually sell male clothes in Gerudo town, the only place you can actually get it is in Tarrey town, but it's wierd that it's still been made though, maybe it's for any male Travelers who plan to go into the desert, and they aren't really Gerudo sized either, they're more the size of an average hylian?
    The secret shop sells them in gerudo town but I understand if you meant they don't openly sell them
        I didn't know there was a secret shop that sold the voe clothes in Gerudo town I thought they were only sold in Tarrytown
            Ah I see yea it's iirc to the left alley after you walk in but you'll need to have a password to get in they sell another armor set there as well
    They still have to find non Gerudo parters. Maybe their genetics are so dominant that only the females are tall? Evidently a male is born every century.
        Well that explains the reason for there still being male Gerudo clothing, and I think the Gerudo male thing being born every century is for a prophesy? Reason being why whenever a male Gerudo is born they are always declared as a king of the Gerudo and are always named Ganondorf and destined to attack hyrule due to Ganon reincarnating as a Gerudo?
This person was Hylian.
    Wow, thanks, I always thought they were gerudo cause of their appearance.
I mean, when you think about it, Nintendo could intend not to merge the timelines, but for them to all arrive at a same specific point? Like a, “No matter what timeline you choose, nothing will change. It will all come back to the same thing.” In reality I’d assume it was just made like that so they can now continue the story with just one focus instead of dropping different things connected to different timelines each time.
I think it might be the ruling Gerudo during some quest like speech I can't remember her name but I distinctly remember that being said
Who’s Vilia? What are you talking about?
    The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
    The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
        Yeah. That is a dude but He’s Hylian. Not a Gerudo
            How do you know?
                Because I do my research. Here’s [proof](https://images.app.goo.gl/RScYQsJGDSfNpF8x9)
                    Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
                        Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
That would be interesting to see since ganondorf always reincarnates as a Gerudo male
    Wouldn’t it still be a gerudo male?
        Yeah that's what I said, it would be interesting since Ganon alway reincarnates as a Gerudo male meaning a possible return of Ganon I just worded it poorly, sorry
            Oh ok I understand now
How does this link into it, it's been like 4 months so I don't fully remember but I know I was talking about there having not been a new gerudo male because ganondorf never died?
The castle is raised up with the chamber beneath the main central point, and with all the mines around the castle then there probably is an area that goes far deeper beneath it

Also this thing is like over a year old so I have no clue how you've found this
    I HAVE NO CLUE BECAUSE I NEVER HAD REDDIT A YEAR AGO?! 😂
        I had no clue that this whole post even existed
No one's slick as Ganson

No one's quick as Ganson

No one's neck's as incredibly thick as Ganson
    For there’s no man in town half as manly,

Perfect, a pure paragon!
        You can ask any Thomson, Dickson, or Stanleyson, and they’ll tell you whose team they prefer to be on
            No ones big as Ganson
                A kingpin like Ganson
    This hasn’t been appreciated enough.
    I absolutely lost it. I wish I could give you more gold for this.
    This is the height of comedy
Ganson*dorf*
    Ganondorf**son**
        This is the way
            This is the way
                This is the Wayson
Gannon Gannonsonson
Grandson
It's really just texture for the construction company, right? I don't know if everyone in Tarry Town has to have the son suffix, even if the original founders were all part of the construction company.
    It is stated in the side quest everyone's name must end in son, hence why Hudson made Rhondson promise to name their kid with a name ending in son.
Nabooruson
As for the location of the deku tree, there is a theory that the great plateau and the lost woods swapped places. When I first heard it, I thought it was ridiculous, I'm kindog half convinced, the great plateau looks like OoT castle town, the lost woods would be roughly where the great plateau was, etc. 

But in general, yeah, the specific locations aren't nearly consistent enough across games for it to be a solid enough way to prove anything
    During the development of the game, they situated the lost woods where Kakariko is now. They decided to switch it late in development for Reasons™️

https://nintendoeverything.com/kakariko-village-and-korok-forest-swapped-locations-while-zelda-breath-of-the-wild-was-in-development/
        I'm guessing it's because most people would go east first and stumble directly into it. Where's the way it is now I didn't find it for dozens of hours.
Random pedantry here, but in OoT, the forest is to the east. Lake Hylia is in the south.
That’s not what happened
Canonically? It’s not canonically in the Adult Timeline. This game is Downfall Timeline
    It hasn't been confirmed which. People theorize that the oringal Hyrule Warriors is actually cannon and that's how it merges the timelines.
        The timelines don’t merge. And if it hasn’t been confirmed then it’s not “canonically” after The great flood”
            People think the timelines merge because BOTW has references to all the timelines. Also most of what we think about LoZ is speculation, so I'm not sure what you mean.
                It doesn’t tho there’s only one reference to child in the replica mirror of twilight. And there’s more references to downfall than anywhere else.
                    That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
                        I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
There cannot be another male child regardless of the race of the farther
    Yeah I had answered my own question, I was tired
        Fair enough
It’s obvious, there’s no male king, there is zero history about a male king, the previous generals of the gerudo have all been female
    That doesn’t mean no make has been born. It means they kill all the males
        What? No a male can’t be born with another male alive, and it’s treason to kill a male gerudo as a male gerudo by law is automatically king of the gerudo
            When has that ever been said? That’s just headcanon fan made bullshit. Also laws change
                Except it hasn’t changed?
                    How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
As stated in multiple comments in this thread, Hyrule's geography changes so drastically each game, most people do not regard location placement as a trustworthy source for fact-checking Zelda lore.
    This. We've been casually ignoring how the Great Plateau swapped places with the Lost Woods for like, 4 years now. Nobody knows why Hyrule is like this. We just know that it is.
        I personally blame Wibbly Wobbly Times Wimey stuff
        Tectonic plates shifting maybe?
            Yes, because the tectonic plates just grow legs and walk around, swapping places with eachother and sitting down wherever the fuck they like. Yes.
Aren't they in front of the castle? Even being called castle town ruins?
If you take the Great Plateau map and rotate it 180°, align both temple of times, the Great Plateau zones match up to the OOT map with the Forest of Spirits being the Lost Woods, the River of the Dead being Zoras Domain, etc. Not sure how to link it but I shopped together an overlay that I would otherwise share here
well plenty of things have moved before. the temple of time was also near the castle, but is now miles away.
    Good poiny
For that matter you could also say they have rebuild the castle somewhere else? Since this is centuries ahead in time? (That would sound like a sollution in my head)
So not an intentional repost. I just didn't have the time to take screenshots.
Ok.  But one, several features of the map have moved drastically.  Two.  The mountains have almost the exact same shape at every angle.  Just with a slightly higher polygon count.
    The ruins of Ganon's Castle was built on the former site of Hyrule Castle and Hyrule Castle Town and was atop a floating outcropping of rock. The Tarrey Town bluff is solidly rooted to the earth. The OOT Castle Town ruins are notably not located at Tarrey Town but evidently the Great Plateau, the place said to be the birthplace of Hyrule.

The immediate area surrounding Tarrey Town is devoid of any semblance or evidence of a past civilization, particularly that of Castle Town (which is, again, evidently the Great Plateau). It is also makes zero sense that Castle Town from OOT would have magically migrated next to the sea, which supports that it's just a bluff by the sea separated by years of erosion and weathering.

As for the mountains, I really don't see them as being almost exactly alike. That just seems to be your opinion, and the Akkala mountains are clearly higher than the boundary mountains Nintendo rendered behind Ganon's Castle. Really, these two locations are more different than they are similar.  They're not even the same color of rock -- the OOT rocks are brown and the Tarrey Town bluff and Akkala mountains are ruddy.

However, if you really want to believe that a random bluff by the sea is actually the site of Ganon's Castle, more power to you.
didnt lol sorry
    That’s fine
And yet the Lost Woods aren't and theres a giant plateau where Lon Lon ranch once stood.
    Actually, there's the ranch ruins where lon lon ranch once stood. It's literally set up like OoT.
Yes, but they could very well have chosen to rebuild it somewhere else, so that doesn't prove much either.
It’s been semi confirmed that BOTW takes place so far in the future that all the timelines recombine and the three timelines we’ve come to know don’t really exist anymore. And before you say anything yes I know that’s not how time works but it’s the only thing we’ve got to work with.
    This is what I’ve seen and read as well. It was even confirmed by the developers
    With the way it's going it looks like it's either going to be in the Twilight princess timeline or as most other people say the downfall timeline but I just don't think that it'd be in the downfall
Unless you use basic context, like the design of the map because of where gerudo town/ death mountain and the temple of time are. The form of Gannon in the game because only the one time line has demon Gannon and not Gannondorf. And the non-dlc clothing items available in game
    Except we see ganondorf in the newest trailer and the map has changed so much through all the games that it can't be used as a thing to pinpoint which timelines it's in
        The map actually hasn't, in each timelije there's a rather specific set up for the world's layout. And that's going to be most likely just him reverting after defeat since this won't be new link/Zelda/Ganon like usual. The timeline really isn't that hard to put together
Sort of alive. He is a mummified corpse at the moment. He's a stubborn kind of chap.
    He's kinda mummified but he is well alive considering he did move
        it could be the malice piloting his body
            Well he could be keeping himself alive with the malice, and he is the source of the malice that is pouring from the wound on his chest
                I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
                thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
                we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
                    I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
        Undead are a thing. Not alive but moving.
Gamins always alive he's either ruling or sleeping
    Gamin
And his theory would brake that rule due to the fact there is a Gerudo male already and he couldn’t be over 100 years old or he would look similar to impa the oldest character between the Five races in BotW.
    The story of BoTW takes place 100 years after Link falls in Battle. Ergo, it would BE 100 years OR MORE since the Original Gerudo Male Ganondorf was born. Assuming he isn't much older than Link, that would still make Ganondorf around 18-21 when Ganon separated. Obviously, Ganondorf is usually years older than Link, so it's 100% likely for a Male to be born to any given Gerudo Mother as of BoTW starting, even more so if BoTW2 takes places after 1.
🧟‍♂️🪃🧝🏻
Since Ocarina of Time, anyway.
    Yes Ganon/Ganondorf is a reincarnation of demise the main boss of Skyward sword as he cursed hyrule that a reincarnation of him will be born time and time again but in doing so a version of link and Zelda will be born time and time again always coming to hyrules aid
Not always, after the events of ocarina of time, yes. But before like in the first ganondorf we see in game (release wise, not timeline wise) was pretty much just a man. Then there’s also the beast Ganon versions. Ganon is always the pig-beast form while Ganondorf is always the human form, albeit most famously Gerudo.
You are the reason why I love Reddit.
    Honestly gave me depression, no offense to him
        Why?
            Just reading all of that and realising wow I’m never gonna get laid lol
                I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
Vilia’s wiki page says her race is Hylian, BUT this brings an interesting theory to mind: transgender Gerudo women. We only ever really hear one person say Vilia is a man, and it’s the other Hylian man Link mets outside Gerudo Town. Everyone else refers to her as a *vai* , and considering several Gerudo women can see through Link’s disguise, I like to believe it’s not as infallible as the game makes it out to be. What if Vilia (Gerudo or Hylian, it doesn’t really matter, but it’s certainly more interesting if she’s Gerudo) was AMAB but then came out as transgender? This would certainly subvert the 100 year Gerudo male rule and give an interesting insight on Gerudo and Hylian social commentary. 

(Sorry for the rant, the one-off line about Vilia gave me a brain blast)
If the timeline is to be believed (and there's very little reason not to outside of a couple 2D games) then almost every incarnation of Ganon is actually Ganondorf. 
OoT was made as a prequel to ALttP so that Ganon is canonically Ganondorf, and the oracle games were made as sequels to ALttP so that also connects, and ditto with ALBW where Yuga fuses with Ganon. Ganon from the NES games was moreso shoe horned in so those might be reincarnated demons, and I can't speak for the 4 Swords games since I haven't played them, but at least from Ocarina all the way through to A Link Between Worlds it's the same guy, through being sealed away or resurrected through magic but never reincarnated.

(again, i can't speak for 4 swords Ganon idk the lore there)

edit: spelling
    The Four Swords games barely have Ganon at all. The storyline of that series (as far as I know) starts with Minish Cap, wherein the main villain is Vaati with no presence of Ganon at all. Not even referenced he just straight up is not there. Then is Four Swords on... I wanna say the Gameboy Color? The game barely has a story at all and is more of an arcade-style, level-based action game. Anyway, once again, it's Vaati. No Ganon. At least not in the main story. I was never able to finish the bonus levels and such, so it's *possible* he might show up there, but he'd have no story significance at all. He'd just be a bonus boss. And Four Swords Adventures is mostly the same, except it has the sort of Twilight Princess issue of Ganon essentially just showing up halfway through and completely hijacking the plot. I can't recall if Ganon*dorf* makes any sort of appearance, but Ganon is definitely there (though, I'm sure many could argue he shouldn't be)
Vilia is Hylian
While yes, not every gerudo becomes Ganondorf (as Ganon was thier new leader and the most recent incarnation of demise) I will remind you this can never happen because Ganon/Ganondorf never really seperated/died yet. Ganon (beast pig boi) happnes when the Hero fails to defeat him and he rampages across hyrule, staying in beast form long enough that he can't stop. And Ganondorf appears in the timeline where Link succeds, and Ganondorf is sealed away in his humanoid form. After being brought back, Ganondorf never assumes his beast form again (supposedley because he knew he coulden't controll it) and (with the exception of wind waker timeline) Ganon and Ganondorf haven't been killed or seperated yet. Dark beast and Calamity Ganon are still incarnations of Ganondorfs dream, to become the sole ruler of Hyrule. Desmises curse still isin't moving on from Ganondorf/Ganon, who are the SAME being. Also Agahnim and Yuga only fused with, not became Ganon. Cannot say this enough, Ganon and Ganondorf are the same entity. Your confusing Ganon (beast) with the curse of Demise. Also Botw is confusing because it brings parts of all the timelines into 1 game, and now we have a Ganondorf corpse and Dark beast ganon in the same timeline, so anything is on the table for the sequil. (Its like the creators are purpousley trying to screw over people using the timeline to predict the next game)
    The way I see BotW is as a sort of reimagining of the original Zelda, so I think maybe the sequel could be like a reimagining of Zelda 2 where Ganon is now officially dead and there's a group trying to resurrect him. There's obviously not any way to know that for sure until it's out, but I personally think that would be pretty cool
        That would be pretty cool
Ganon is literally just Ganondorf as a Werepig. One didn’t exist prior to the other because they’re the same being. Literally everything you just said is fanon. Also Demise isn’t Ganon(dorf).
Ganondorf/Ganon is Demise from Skyward Sword incarnate. Ganon is the pig beast form while Ganondorf is the humanoid form. Sometimes Demise comes back as one or the other, sometimes like in Ocarina of Time and Twilight Princess, he does both; he starts out as a humanoid then turns into the beast.
I dont believe zelda even says anything close to that, what link killed was malice in the form of Ganon, it was not the real Ganon that was killed, Ganondorf's body is withered due to him being imprisoned beneath hyrule castle for possibly centuries, the malice has been leaking from Ganondorf's wound where he was initially stabbed with the master sword
    Straight from the game (Zelda's voiceover before the final stage of the Ganon battle): "Ganon was born out of a dark past. He is a pure embodiment of the ancient evil that is reborn time and again... **He has given up on reincarnation and assumed his pure, enraged form.** If set free upon our world, the destruction will be unlike anything ever seen before. "

It definitely seems implied that killing him in this final form will actually be "it" but it definitely isn't explicitly stated.
        Although this is true, it is also known that the English translation completely contradicts the Japanese version because of possible mistranslation. Here is the basic Japanese translation of Zelda’s voiceover: “He’s an embodiment of hatred and grudge that arose in distant antiquity and revives again and again no matter how many times he’s destroyed. **This form was born from his obsessive refusal to give up on revival…** If set free upon the world, it would result in a tragedy surpassing the one 100 years ago.”

It’s safe to assume the Japanese version is the most canonical, and the English translation became contradictory because of a translation error. The Japanese version seems to moreso prove what Ike said in this thread. The English translation does seem to imply that defeating Dark Beast Ganon will destroy him forever, but the Japanese one suggests that he’ll be back some day (most likely in the form of the mummified Ganondorf we saw in the BotW2 trailers).

Ike may have even played a different translation of the game which was—or at least was similar to—the Japanese translation and thus believed what else was said about Ganon giving up on reincarnation was contradictory. Because (in at least the Japanese version, maybe some others too) it is. 

Even in the English translation, after the fight, Zelda says, “Ganon is gone **for now**,” in which case would contradict what she had just said, if it meant he would be gone **forever.** Besides, we also know Ganon always gets reincarnated in some way or another anyway, so it’s very unlikely he will be forever gone.
        That’s only the English translation, in the original Japanese script it more so implies that Gabon is giving up on a physical form that he was creating a la the cocoon that calamity ganon falls out of and instead uses a form composed of malice
Ah. Missed that trailer. Mb
Yes that’s what I thought too
I mean it makes just as much sense as pulling a sword out will make you travel through time, or a moon being pulled out of the sky by magic.
Not according to Nintendo. Also, they can do whatever the fuck they want with their IP. There is no law that states games need continuity.

You do know that malice can't be embodied, right? You do know magic doesn't exist, right? You do know that reincarnation isn't real, right?

Don't tell me it's impossible for timelines to merge in a game that has a **fictional** story. Because they can literally make anything up and there is absolutely nothing you can ever do about it.
    when/where did nintendo say this?/gen
        https://kotaku.com/breath-of-the-wild-gets-official-placement-on-the-zelda-1828141649

>So the big question was always: Which timeline does Breath of the Wild conclude? Nintendo’s answer is: all three? Maybe? Instead of connecting the newest Zelda game to one of the timelines, Nintendo has just stuck it on the end. The Japanese magazine Famitsu asked Nintendo what the deal was, and (as translated by Siliconera) both Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma and Breath of the Wild director Hidemaro Fujibayashi punted: 

>Eiji Aonuma, series producer: “Well of course it’s at the very end. But, I get what you’re asking, it’s which timeline is it the end of?”

>Hidemaro Fujibayashi, director: “That’s… up to the player’s imagination, isn’t it?”

Sounds like all three to me. But, it also sounds like they're saying their same "we don't actually care about the timeline" stuff that they are always going to be saying every time a new game gets released.
The secret shop sells them in gerudo town but I understand if you meant they don't openly sell them
    I didn't know there was a secret shop that sold the voe clothes in Gerudo town I thought they were only sold in Tarrytown
        Ah I see yea it's iirc to the left alley after you walk in but you'll need to have a password to get in they sell another armor set there as well
They still have to find non Gerudo parters. Maybe their genetics are so dominant that only the females are tall? Evidently a male is born every century.
    Well that explains the reason for there still being male Gerudo clothing, and I think the Gerudo male thing being born every century is for a prophesy? Reason being why whenever a male Gerudo is born they are always declared as a king of the Gerudo and are always named Ganondorf and destined to attack hyrule due to Ganon reincarnating as a Gerudo?
Wow, thanks, I always thought they were gerudo cause of their appearance.
The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
The male Gerudo that gives you the vai outfit. She presents herself as female, but has a male voice, stubble on her chin, and a flat chest. You can even choose to accuse her of being male, to which she laughs and replies that you’re “silly”.
    Yeah. That is a dude but He’s Hylian. Not a Gerudo
        How do you know?
            Because I do my research. Here’s [proof](https://images.app.goo.gl/RScYQsJGDSfNpF8x9)
                Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
                    Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
Wouldn’t it still be a gerudo male?
    Yeah that's what I said, it would be interesting since Ganon alway reincarnates as a Gerudo male meaning a possible return of Ganon I just worded it poorly, sorry
        Oh ok I understand now
I HAVE NO CLUE BECAUSE I NEVER HAD REDDIT A YEAR AGO?! 😂
    I had no clue that this whole post even existed
For there’s no man in town half as manly,

Perfect, a pure paragon!
    You can ask any Thomson, Dickson, or Stanleyson, and they’ll tell you whose team they prefer to be on
        No ones big as Ganson
            A kingpin like Ganson
This hasn’t been appreciated enough.
I absolutely lost it. I wish I could give you more gold for this.
This is the height of comedy
Ganondorf**son**
    This is the way
        This is the way
            This is the Wayson
It is stated in the side quest everyone's name must end in son, hence why Hudson made Rhondson promise to name their kid with a name ending in son.
During the development of the game, they situated the lost woods where Kakariko is now. They decided to switch it late in development for Reasons™️

https://nintendoeverything.com/kakariko-village-and-korok-forest-swapped-locations-while-zelda-breath-of-the-wild-was-in-development/
    I'm guessing it's because most people would go east first and stumble directly into it. Where's the way it is now I didn't find it for dozens of hours.
It hasn't been confirmed which. People theorize that the oringal Hyrule Warriors is actually cannon and that's how it merges the timelines.
    The timelines don’t merge. And if it hasn’t been confirmed then it’s not “canonically” after The great flood”
        People think the timelines merge because BOTW has references to all the timelines. Also most of what we think about LoZ is speculation, so I'm not sure what you mean.
            It doesn’t tho there’s only one reference to child in the replica mirror of twilight. And there’s more references to downfall than anywhere else.
                That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
                    I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
Yeah I had answered my own question, I was tired
    Fair enough
That doesn’t mean no make has been born. It means they kill all the males
    What? No a male can’t be born with another male alive, and it’s treason to kill a male gerudo as a male gerudo by law is automatically king of the gerudo
        When has that ever been said? That’s just headcanon fan made bullshit. Also laws change
            Except it hasn’t changed?
                How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
This. We've been casually ignoring how the Great Plateau swapped places with the Lost Woods for like, 4 years now. Nobody knows why Hyrule is like this. We just know that it is.
    I personally blame Wibbly Wobbly Times Wimey stuff
    Tectonic plates shifting maybe?
        Yes, because the tectonic plates just grow legs and walk around, swapping places with eachother and sitting down wherever the fuck they like. Yes.
Good poiny
The ruins of Ganon's Castle was built on the former site of Hyrule Castle and Hyrule Castle Town and was atop a floating outcropping of rock. The Tarrey Town bluff is solidly rooted to the earth. The OOT Castle Town ruins are notably not located at Tarrey Town but evidently the Great Plateau, the place said to be the birthplace of Hyrule.

The immediate area surrounding Tarrey Town is devoid of any semblance or evidence of a past civilization, particularly that of Castle Town (which is, again, evidently the Great Plateau). It is also makes zero sense that Castle Town from OOT would have magically migrated next to the sea, which supports that it's just a bluff by the sea separated by years of erosion and weathering.

As for the mountains, I really don't see them as being almost exactly alike. That just seems to be your opinion, and the Akkala mountains are clearly higher than the boundary mountains Nintendo rendered behind Ganon's Castle. Really, these two locations are more different than they are similar.  They're not even the same color of rock -- the OOT rocks are brown and the Tarrey Town bluff and Akkala mountains are ruddy.

However, if you really want to believe that a random bluff by the sea is actually the site of Ganon's Castle, more power to you.
That’s fine
Actually, there's the ranch ruins where lon lon ranch once stood. It's literally set up like OoT.
This is what I’ve seen and read as well. It was even confirmed by the developers
With the way it's going it looks like it's either going to be in the Twilight princess timeline or as most other people say the downfall timeline but I just don't think that it'd be in the downfall
Except we see ganondorf in the newest trailer and the map has changed so much through all the games that it can't be used as a thing to pinpoint which timelines it's in
    The map actually hasn't, in each timelije there's a rather specific set up for the world's layout. And that's going to be most likely just him reverting after defeat since this won't be new link/Zelda/Ganon like usual. The timeline really isn't that hard to put together
He's kinda mummified but he is well alive considering he did move
    it could be the malice piloting his body
        Well he could be keeping himself alive with the malice, and he is the source of the malice that is pouring from the wound on his chest
            I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
            thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
            we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
                I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
    Undead are a thing. Not alive but moving.
Gamin
The story of BoTW takes place 100 years after Link falls in Battle. Ergo, it would BE 100 years OR MORE since the Original Gerudo Male Ganondorf was born. Assuming he isn't much older than Link, that would still make Ganondorf around 18-21 when Ganon separated. Obviously, Ganondorf is usually years older than Link, so it's 100% likely for a Male to be born to any given Gerudo Mother as of BoTW starting, even more so if BoTW2 takes places after 1.
Yes Ganon/Ganondorf is a reincarnation of demise the main boss of Skyward sword as he cursed hyrule that a reincarnation of him will be born time and time again but in doing so a version of link and Zelda will be born time and time again always coming to hyrules aid
Honestly gave me depression, no offense to him
    Why?
        Just reading all of that and realising wow I’m never gonna get laid lol
            I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
The Four Swords games barely have Ganon at all. The storyline of that series (as far as I know) starts with Minish Cap, wherein the main villain is Vaati with no presence of Ganon at all. Not even referenced he just straight up is not there. Then is Four Swords on... I wanna say the Gameboy Color? The game barely has a story at all and is more of an arcade-style, level-based action game. Anyway, once again, it's Vaati. No Ganon. At least not in the main story. I was never able to finish the bonus levels and such, so it's *possible* he might show up there, but he'd have no story significance at all. He'd just be a bonus boss. And Four Swords Adventures is mostly the same, except it has the sort of Twilight Princess issue of Ganon essentially just showing up halfway through and completely hijacking the plot. I can't recall if Ganon*dorf* makes any sort of appearance, but Ganon is definitely there (though, I'm sure many could argue he shouldn't be)
The way I see BotW is as a sort of reimagining of the original Zelda, so I think maybe the sequel could be like a reimagining of Zelda 2 where Ganon is now officially dead and there's a group trying to resurrect him. There's obviously not any way to know that for sure until it's out, but I personally think that would be pretty cool
    That would be pretty cool
Straight from the game (Zelda's voiceover before the final stage of the Ganon battle): "Ganon was born out of a dark past. He is a pure embodiment of the ancient evil that is reborn time and again... **He has given up on reincarnation and assumed his pure, enraged form.** If set free upon our world, the destruction will be unlike anything ever seen before. "

It definitely seems implied that killing him in this final form will actually be "it" but it definitely isn't explicitly stated.
    Although this is true, it is also known that the English translation completely contradicts the Japanese version because of possible mistranslation. Here is the basic Japanese translation of Zelda’s voiceover: “He’s an embodiment of hatred and grudge that arose in distant antiquity and revives again and again no matter how many times he’s destroyed. **This form was born from his obsessive refusal to give up on revival…** If set free upon the world, it would result in a tragedy surpassing the one 100 years ago.”

It’s safe to assume the Japanese version is the most canonical, and the English translation became contradictory because of a translation error. The Japanese version seems to moreso prove what Ike said in this thread. The English translation does seem to imply that defeating Dark Beast Ganon will destroy him forever, but the Japanese one suggests that he’ll be back some day (most likely in the form of the mummified Ganondorf we saw in the BotW2 trailers).

Ike may have even played a different translation of the game which was—or at least was similar to—the Japanese translation and thus believed what else was said about Ganon giving up on reincarnation was contradictory. Because (in at least the Japanese version, maybe some others too) it is. 

Even in the English translation, after the fight, Zelda says, “Ganon is gone **for now**,” in which case would contradict what she had just said, if it meant he would be gone **forever.** Besides, we also know Ganon always gets reincarnated in some way or another anyway, so it’s very unlikely he will be forever gone.
    That’s only the English translation, in the original Japanese script it more so implies that Gabon is giving up on a physical form that he was creating a la the cocoon that calamity ganon falls out of and instead uses a form composed of malice
when/where did nintendo say this?/gen
    https://kotaku.com/breath-of-the-wild-gets-official-placement-on-the-zelda-1828141649

>So the big question was always: Which timeline does Breath of the Wild conclude? Nintendo’s answer is: all three? Maybe? Instead of connecting the newest Zelda game to one of the timelines, Nintendo has just stuck it on the end. The Japanese magazine Famitsu asked Nintendo what the deal was, and (as translated by Siliconera) both Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma and Breath of the Wild director Hidemaro Fujibayashi punted: 

>Eiji Aonuma, series producer: “Well of course it’s at the very end. But, I get what you’re asking, it’s which timeline is it the end of?”

>Hidemaro Fujibayashi, director: “That’s… up to the player’s imagination, isn’t it?”

Sounds like all three to me. But, it also sounds like they're saying their same "we don't actually care about the timeline" stuff that they are always going to be saying every time a new game gets released.
I didn't know there was a secret shop that sold the voe clothes in Gerudo town I thought they were only sold in Tarrytown
    Ah I see yea it's iirc to the left alley after you walk in but you'll need to have a password to get in they sell another armor set there as well
Well that explains the reason for there still being male Gerudo clothing, and I think the Gerudo male thing being born every century is for a prophesy? Reason being why whenever a male Gerudo is born they are always declared as a king of the Gerudo and are always named Ganondorf and destined to attack hyrule due to Ganon reincarnating as a Gerudo?
Yeah. That is a dude but He’s Hylian. Not a Gerudo
    How do you know?
        Because I do my research. Here’s [proof](https://images.app.goo.gl/RScYQsJGDSfNpF8x9)
            Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
                Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
Yeah that's what I said, it would be interesting since Ganon alway reincarnates as a Gerudo male meaning a possible return of Ganon I just worded it poorly, sorry
    Oh ok I understand now
I had no clue that this whole post even existed
You can ask any Thomson, Dickson, or Stanleyson, and they’ll tell you whose team they prefer to be on
    No ones big as Ganson
        A kingpin like Ganson
This is the way
    This is the way
        This is the Wayson
I'm guessing it's because most people would go east first and stumble directly into it. Where's the way it is now I didn't find it for dozens of hours.
The timelines don’t merge. And if it hasn’t been confirmed then it’s not “canonically” after The great flood”
    People think the timelines merge because BOTW has references to all the timelines. Also most of what we think about LoZ is speculation, so I'm not sure what you mean.
        It doesn’t tho there’s only one reference to child in the replica mirror of twilight. And there’s more references to downfall than anywhere else.
            That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
                I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
Fair enough
What? No a male can’t be born with another male alive, and it’s treason to kill a male gerudo as a male gerudo by law is automatically king of the gerudo
    When has that ever been said? That’s just headcanon fan made bullshit. Also laws change
        Except it hasn’t changed?
            How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
I personally blame Wibbly Wobbly Times Wimey stuff
Tectonic plates shifting maybe?
    Yes, because the tectonic plates just grow legs and walk around, swapping places with eachother and sitting down wherever the fuck they like. Yes.
The map actually hasn't, in each timelije there's a rather specific set up for the world's layout. And that's going to be most likely just him reverting after defeat since this won't be new link/Zelda/Ganon like usual. The timeline really isn't that hard to put together
it could be the malice piloting his body
    Well he could be keeping himself alive with the malice, and he is the source of the malice that is pouring from the wound on his chest
        I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
        thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
        we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
            I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
Undead are a thing. Not alive but moving.
Why?
    Just reading all of that and realising wow I’m never gonna get laid lol
        I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
That would be pretty cool
Although this is true, it is also known that the English translation completely contradicts the Japanese version because of possible mistranslation. Here is the basic Japanese translation of Zelda’s voiceover: “He’s an embodiment of hatred and grudge that arose in distant antiquity and revives again and again no matter how many times he’s destroyed. **This form was born from his obsessive refusal to give up on revival…** If set free upon the world, it would result in a tragedy surpassing the one 100 years ago.”

It’s safe to assume the Japanese version is the most canonical, and the English translation became contradictory because of a translation error. The Japanese version seems to moreso prove what Ike said in this thread. The English translation does seem to imply that defeating Dark Beast Ganon will destroy him forever, but the Japanese one suggests that he’ll be back some day (most likely in the form of the mummified Ganondorf we saw in the BotW2 trailers).

Ike may have even played a different translation of the game which was—or at least was similar to—the Japanese translation and thus believed what else was said about Ganon giving up on reincarnation was contradictory. Because (in at least the Japanese version, maybe some others too) it is. 

Even in the English translation, after the fight, Zelda says, “Ganon is gone **for now**,” in which case would contradict what she had just said, if it meant he would be gone **forever.** Besides, we also know Ganon always gets reincarnated in some way or another anyway, so it’s very unlikely he will be forever gone.
That’s only the English translation, in the original Japanese script it more so implies that Gabon is giving up on a physical form that he was creating a la the cocoon that calamity ganon falls out of and instead uses a form composed of malice
https://kotaku.com/breath-of-the-wild-gets-official-placement-on-the-zelda-1828141649

>So the big question was always: Which timeline does Breath of the Wild conclude? Nintendo’s answer is: all three? Maybe? Instead of connecting the newest Zelda game to one of the timelines, Nintendo has just stuck it on the end. The Japanese magazine Famitsu asked Nintendo what the deal was, and (as translated by Siliconera) both Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma and Breath of the Wild director Hidemaro Fujibayashi punted: 

>Eiji Aonuma, series producer: “Well of course it’s at the very end. But, I get what you’re asking, it’s which timeline is it the end of?”

>Hidemaro Fujibayashi, director: “That’s… up to the player’s imagination, isn’t it?”

Sounds like all three to me. But, it also sounds like they're saying their same "we don't actually care about the timeline" stuff that they are always going to be saying every time a new game gets released.
Ah I see yea it's iirc to the left alley after you walk in but you'll need to have a password to get in they sell another armor set there as well
How do you know?
    Because I do my research. Here’s [proof](https://images.app.goo.gl/RScYQsJGDSfNpF8x9)
        Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
            Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
Oh ok I understand now
No ones big as Ganson
    A kingpin like Ganson
This is the way
    This is the Wayson
People think the timelines merge because BOTW has references to all the timelines. Also most of what we think about LoZ is speculation, so I'm not sure what you mean.
    It doesn’t tho there’s only one reference to child in the replica mirror of twilight. And there’s more references to downfall than anywhere else.
        That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
            I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
When has that ever been said? That’s just headcanon fan made bullshit. Also laws change
    Except it hasn’t changed?
        How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
Yes, because the tectonic plates just grow legs and walk around, swapping places with eachother and sitting down wherever the fuck they like. Yes.
Well he could be keeping himself alive with the malice, and he is the source of the malice that is pouring from the wound on his chest
    I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
    thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
    we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
        I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
Just reading all of that and realising wow I’m never gonna get laid lol
    I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
Because I do my research. Here’s [proof](https://images.app.goo.gl/RScYQsJGDSfNpF8x9)
    Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
        Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
A kingpin like Ganson
This is the Wayson
It doesn’t tho there’s only one reference to child in the replica mirror of twilight. And there’s more references to downfall than anywhere else.
    That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
        I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
Except it hasn’t changed?
    How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
I think it's more likely that the shiekah used the hand to keep him suspended in his dying moment in order to circumvent the reincarnation. The malice wreaking havoc is the escape plan, he'll either die and reincarnate or was held in place long enough to heal enough to stay alive.
thats true. i forgot that he is the one who made the malice in the first place
we get it, you prefer your theory. but there are others that can be plausibly supported, and that’s what’s happening here.
    I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
I pray for you 🙏🏻, but frl don't worry about that, its gonna happen one day xd
Sorry, but I think that could be Nintendo playing with us, setting the secrets deeper. He’s still got darker skin and orange hair, and while it’s possible a hylian could tan and dye their hair, I think it’s unlikely they would go to such trouble if they could just enter Gerudo town as a female Hylian.
    Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
That's just not true, there are many references to all the timelines. I thought this was well known, and was why it is so hard to place it in a timeline. If you really don't believe me search it.
    I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
How has it not changed. They literally have female rulers. They’re not supposed to. You’re literally making shit up. Show me in game or in-lore proof that what you say is true. No character mentions  that and no where is it said a male must die for the other to be born. It’s every 100 years. Get your facts right
I'm just sort of trying to add onto the theory with my own sort of stuff and that, sorry
Bruh. You can’t accept when your wrong. Can you
I don’t need to “believe you” because I have experienced it first hand. I was one of the first to prove the timeline placement. 

If there are “many” references to the other timelines mention them then. It’s not so hard. Since there are barely any
