[[11 months ago, this was leaked in rtitanfall. All he got was pessimistic comments.]]





Haha I remember this! It was a relief to see folks blow it off and I was thinking, "well, he'll be able to say I was right when next year comes along."
    You and the team must have been shitting your pants
    Absolutely crazy how the biggest changes are minor name changes. Wonder if Titans we’re still in mind at this point of the development?  
        Highly likely. This map was definitely before they culled a lot of it. Though I am very curious on why.
        It definitely was, and I suspect that the flat sides of the rocks in many places exist due to wallrunning being a thing for part of development. Could be wrong, but it looks too perfect.
    Some people just can't keep a secret! How do you feel about this new legend leak?
        I don't think we are going to get an answer to that. Doesn't matter if it's real or not, there are good reasons not to comment on it either way.
        Ask them again after Octane releases, because obviously they can't say anything now.
Wait a second... I just realized Hydro Dam doesn't actually dam anything.
    Usually rivers don't run from the ocean to the ocean too.
        Doesn't the river start at a waterfall next to the slums? It could be fed from some weird alien underground hydrology.
            [deleted]
                Weird alien underground hydrology.
                    A spring.
                        *Weird alien underground hydrology*
                            ***A spring.***
                                Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
                                    A ^spring.
                Dude, come on, how does [this](https://i.imgur.com/Ty9ceCA.jpg) make water?
                    With enough of them underground, they can effectively push the water up! Causing a river.
                        /r/shittyaskscience/
        Tell that to Fortnite team
            I’m pretty sure both rivers run from the lake to the ocean. So does the stream in the desert; the waterfall off of Viking just ended up nowhere before it froze 
        They don't in this game either as they start in the mountains on the northern side and fall into the ocean. 
            Right, but not in this map. They're running from the ocean at the end of slums which is built physically on top of the river through to the ocean by treatment.
    Damn...
    *I broke the dam*
        I broke the dam
            I broke the dam
                No, I broke the dam
    Bureau of Dam Management: "Shhhhhh....Nothing to see here"
        I think you mean Bureau of Dam Supervision and Management
    Also thunderdome released unfinished?!
/u/hiticonic is a mod here.

HMMMMMMMM

I smell intentional leaks from the dev team. I'm onto you.
    If the leak was intentional, [it certainly didn't achieve the desired effect](https://www.reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/85t21q/alleged_minimap_for_rumored_titanfall_battle/?utm_source=reddit-android) :D
        I think hyping up a possible Battle Royale mode for a game that is an arena shooter would always be difficult. They're fundamentally different genres even if mechanically "shoot the bad guys" is the same thing.

It went about as well as I'd expect it to go if a dev team tried to "leak" a Street Fighter RPG. Even if the final game is incredibly fun an audience will reject the concept if they think they want to be playing something else. You've got to prove it to them.

The CoD crowd weren't excited for a BR in their game, the Halo crowd aren't excited about the idea of it for their game, and the Battlefield crowd aren't excited for it in their game either. Nobody playing one genre will be convinced that their game in another genre will be enjoyable until it's demonstrated to them. Audiences are inherently resistant to it. Also, I suspect you too.

EDIT: Since there's a lot of response about one part of this I just want to say - people in subreddit for a battle royale game think battle royale Halo/CoD/BF sounds great and aren't necessarily representative of the entire community's views on the idea. Don't be surprised if you think the idea sounds good but subreddits full of the core audience of those games are cold or lukewarm about them.
            I want this Street Fighter RPG you speak of
            And besides, I believe many people felt like BR games were getting a bit bland 10-12 months ago. Games like Fortnite had their own mechanics that made them unique, but generally there are/were a lot of BR games that just weren't terribly interesting.

Maybe it's just how I felt about it because I hadn't actively played any BR before Apex, but to me it felt like many people started getting tired of games getting a BR mode/BR games coming out just because "yay BR" and didn't do much to make their mode unique.
                Battle royale has been desperately waiting for someone with a decent pedigree to make a great first person version. I remember when first playing and enjoying pubg with all its short comings that once someone made a 'good' (read 'cod mw2 good') version of this game mode it's going to blow up. 

Fortnite was the closest thing there was, albeit third person and the building isn't for everyone. I'm thoroughly enjoying Apex and am glad it's finally here.

Edit: Thanks for the gold! 
                    I loved the first season of fortnite. Before everyone realized that building was the way to win fights. The building mechanic was mostly just to make ramps to get on top of buildings and to make a tower for final circle. But I never caught on to building in a fight (aka I sucked at it) and I lost interest. Pubg was fun but soo campy. Apex feels like the best of both
                        This is exactly how I feel.

In PUBG games are too slowly paced, and they punish you for enjoying the game and engaging in fights that aren't snipe fests. Armor and helmets have durability, TTK is very low in close quarters, and there's significantly less mobility to try and Dodge shots. You're encouraged to take the "bathroom strat" of waiting upstairs in a building and trying to pick people off from a distance.

In Fortnite the game is too frantic, if you don't know how to build in seconds while others are attacking you there's no chance of victory. The only way you can win is if you're better at playing Sim City than everyone else in the game with you. 

In Apex they did a good job of getting the right TTK and weapon balance so that people aren't encouraged to camp or sit somewhere sniping the whole game. There's also no need to learn an entire second game besides the FPS portion. It's just good fun, and it really rewards good teamwork while simultaneously providing the tools to make that happen (the ping system).
                            I find sniping in Apex to be nearly useless. If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them. It's occasionally good when initiating, but it's almost always better to have a different weapon.
                                I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
                                    I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
                                    
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


                                > If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
                                    >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
                            In first person the people camping bathrooms rarely won because you typically wouldn't come across enough loot to make it a viable strategy. PUBG is a slower paced game, but similar to Apex it is best to get into fights but only if you finish them very quickly because third partying is your biggest threat. Difference is PUBG is just on a larger scale with less dynamic options due to less mobility options and hero moves.

Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking. 
                                >Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
                                    #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
                                    Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
                            What absolutely turned me on to this game was the ping system. I had no idea how useful that shit was until I used it... a complete game-changer for me.
                        Building is such a strange concept to me for an action shooter. It’s what has kept me from ever playing Fortnite. I’m glad Apex came out because I finally get to play a BR game and I’m loving it! 
                            I feel the same. For me is much more satisfying dodging bullets and outplaying the enemy with the buildings/environment than building your way though it. 
                        The building is very clunky as a mechanic, it's almost like it's found its way into the metagame, but it got away from them on the design side. I can build a bit myself and edit ok, but mechanically editing is a terrible design (how it works with the buttons etc). I respect everyone that learned to do it well, but it is not a transferable skill whatsoever to other games so I sort of found perfecting it as a waste of energy for me personally.
                            I can’t do it and don’t see myself learning either. I will say though that watching people who can do it is very impressive. I played with this guy couple days ago who was an incredible builder and it was to the point where I would rather my character be dead so I could just watch him play lol. Dude carries us to a couple wins in squads by himself. Doubt I’ll ever play w/ him again though after the pitiful display I put on the couple times he died before me and he watched me get wrecked. 
                        I couldn't get into building either. My step daughter loved that aspect though. Duo's with her are a blast. "I'm taking fire from the east, sweety. Requesting fortification of or AO immediately!"

I swear playing with her is the only way I can get more than a couple kills.
                    Yeah everyone that plays PUBG has been lamenting how terrible the game is from a technical standpoint. I still think PUBG is a really fun game, and the "quirks" were excusable 2 years ago when they were a small indie team overwhelmed by the massive success, but two years on and many of the same issues are still a huge problem, which is insane for a game making that much money.

It was a matter of time before a game came along that was smooth, fun and had all these quality of life things that PUBG is sorely lacking.
                        Shows how bad that game is, designed. They need a FULL redesign and launch to fix that mess.
                            If they built PUBG 2 from the ground up it would be amazing. The thing these other BR games lack is the sense of being on a HUGE island or map with vast fields and forests. Also I love the building designs and details like trash inside of the old houses. Blackout is like an arcade machine version of PUBG which isn't bad but doesn't have the downtime or adventurous feeling that PUBG does. 
                                i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
                                    [deleted]
                        I actually don't care about the quirks.  Pubg just takes too long
                            Right. I can get 10 matches in after work of Apex. Or 4 good matches of pub.
                                Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
                                This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
                                    Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
                                    The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
                            You could have an entire satisfying match in AL by the time you've finished looting in the average game of PUBG.
                        Isnt the developers Bluehole? It's not like it is their first big game either.
                            It's not? I honestly don't know anything about them.

Whatever the reason is it does feel like the games original code was a piece of crap and they've never managed to refactor it and make it smooth, just patchwork ontop of existing code to put out fires for 2 years straight.
                                They made Tera, too.
                                    Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
                                    Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
                        The tricky thing about "fixing quirks" in a massively-successful game is potentially turning away the player base that made it successful...

"The devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't know".
                        Try ring of elysium. It's what pubg should have been after all this time. 
                    As someone that played cod since its inception as a pc only title it still blows my mind that MW2 is regarded as a high standard for games...it was an absolute abortion that many in the cod community that played since the beginning marked as the beginning of the decline into a crappy perk filled game that catered to the lowest common denominator...but at this point maybe im just old guy yelling at kids to get off my lawn...
                I think you're suffering from the modern condition of "holy shit so much is happening last week feels like last month"

Last year this time fortnite had been out for 5 months and pubg was about to hit a year (and pubg really only spiked in popularity towards the end of the summer).
                I never understood this. 

We’ve literally played the same Shoot, Die, Respawn game modes for over 15 years (TDM, Obj base modes) with literally little to no changes in them. 

We’re not even 2 years in to the BR scene and people think it’s going to get stale or bland. 

Nahhhh. BR is here to STAY. It’s only going to evolve and grow. Just like Apex has evolved it something else will eventually come along and evolve it even more. 

If we can play the same TDM for 15 years we gonna keep playing BR. It’s literally still a baby in the gaming industry. 

So people need to stop “predicting” BR is going to go away or fall off. Cuz it’s not. 

/ end rant 
                The problem with me last year is we had PUBG and fortnite. Two games that cater to two extremes game play wise, with fortnite being the super cartoony game and pubg being an ultra realistic ARMA spinoff. 

For a long time i've wanted some "middle ground" game that would be more laid back than pubg but not as not serious as fortnite. Something that was somewhat realisticish but not super realistic, but something far more "casual" than pubg. You know, something like a typical AAA game. I figured there was room for some AAA developer to make a really good BR game that would knock it out of the park. I didnt expect respawn to make one based on titanfall, i was thinking more along the lines of BF5 or COD...and we did get blackout, which was okay but still not great. 

When respawn came out with a titanfall oriented one i was like holy crap because titanfall has some of the best mechanics of any game going. I never understood why it isnt more popular. It completely wrecks COD as a franchise, and making a titanfall BR game? YES PLEASE.

So honestly i think titanfall got in on a niche few others really attempted. A "middle ground" BR game that isnt super cartoony nor hyper realistic that occupies the middle ground between the two...while made by an AAA developer so its not a broken mess like, for example, pubg. And they hit it out of the park. 
                Osu player spotted outside of natural habitat
                To be fair, how is Apex different?  I guess the class system? To me, Apex is successful because they took all of the "traditional" BR systems and just... did them better.
                    Well I can't speak for everyone, but personally I like the fact that it's fast-paced and games don't feel like they take a long time to start. I know the reason for the latter one is that loading is mostly covered by the class/squad/champion screens but I like it.

My biggest complaint in PUBG/BR in general was the downtime between matches and it's much faster in Apex to get into a new one. I didn't play PUBG enough to know much about the bugs and such, maybe if I did I'd think of them as the worse thing about it.

I'm indifferent about the class system, I'd probably enjoy the game even if it wasn't a thing, but it's a nice touch. The respawn system is also a fun addition, because if you die you're not necessarily out yet and aren't forced to wait in the main menu for a while again. The ping system is really useful especially if you're a mostly solo queue player like me.
            >Halo crowd aren't excited about the idea of it

Neither are the devs. No BR coming to Halo yet it seems.
                Maybe the success of Apex would change that. Apex warmed up the audience for a lot of FPS games to adapt BR. 
            As a Halo fanboy I've been hoping for a Halo BR since PUBG
                Didn’t halo say no a few months ago to that?
                    Which is a shame. The Halo community rejects the idea of a Halo BR game so hard. If friggin Titanfall can do it well then so can Halo which has the exact mechanics needed for a BR game. Just like a Battlefield BR, Halo Br is something I've been looking forward too and my dreams had been crushed because the Halo community is too good for a BR when it would be fun.
                it would be better than the warzone mode, which could easily be turned into a battle royale
                    It would be completely different and not really comparable to warzone.
                Me too. I've played soo much halo and I want a game with transferrable skills because I'm too old to master new games overnight like I used too. Fuck, I picked up the game last week and I'm playing people with 2200 kills already? Who has the time for that?? Confession, I used to play COD for 3-5 hours a day in high school so I guess I can answer that question myself...

            CoD crowd was very excited for it.

Lul 
                There was definitely a split in their audience. I think they had at least some openness to new ideas though because they're not alien to the concept of cod being different genres. Zombies is basically CoD but in a completely different sub-genre.
                    a 95-5 split in favor of a BR-mode, sure. Hardpressed to say there was more dissent than that.
            I think Battle Royale games are closer to the Arena Shooter genre than Titanfall 2 or Call of Duty.

I’m not sure what to call loadout based Call of Duty-esque shooters, but a defining quality of arena shooters has always been spawning players with next to nothing and making them fight for resources on the map. BR merely made the maps bigger to accommodate more players, and turn off respawning.
            As a diehard Halo fan I’d actually be super down for a Halo BR, Warzone proved that large scale Halo can work and I think that placing that type of large scale sandbox experience in a BR game would be fucking amazing.

The only issue is that they’d have to add Sprint 😉
            Titanfall isn't an arena shooter lol
            Well, to be frank, I don't think most of the people playing this are Titanfall players, since neither Titanfall game was a huge success. And the same goes for Fortnite. It's not the same audience.
                Exactly, show the wrong audience a game idea and their response will always be "meh".
                I loved Titanfall 1 but never played 2 despite hearing how good it is
                    Pick it up for cheap now. Campaign still worth it.
                    Absolutely still worth it, the campaign was widely revered to be one of the best of all time, albeit entirely too short. And the movement mechanics in multiplayer have a learning curve that, when understood (not even mastered), are addicting. Flying across the map with the help of your tether will never get to be an old feeling, never mind what you can do while you're flying.

Plus, if you're not that great, there's npcs running around to kill, so you still feel like you're doing something to help the team
                Titanfall 1 sold over 10 million while being an Xbox exclusive when PS4 was a much larger market. That's an insane success. Titanfall 2 still sold over 4 million despite the release date competition. That's much better numbers than 99% of games, so I dont know what your metric of success is...
            I would play a street fighter rpg, I think it would be fun. I wouldnt like it as a replacement for a street fighter fighting game. Although with 5 being trash I might welcome it. Titanfall fans want titanfall 3 not a battle royale in the titanfall universe, as fun of an experience as it is. 
        isn't "unintentional leak" (in this context) an oxymoron?
            A manufactured leak might be a better term. 
        Honestly, I think it was a low key marketing test to see how general reception would be

---
"Let's just throw a small tease and see how it goes." - Respawn

"***FUCK OFF!***"

"Aaaaaand, let's just not announce anything until we launch it." - Respawn
        What is a desired effect? I assume if this be true they just intended to gauge the reaction and it might have played a role in the way they released and marketed the game. It is all personal assumption though, so don't quote me on that. 
            That's a good point, the muted response could have played a part in announcing the game immediately before the release to make sure there wasn't backlash before people could play it. 
                RESPAWN SMAHRT
                    Respahrt.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'RESPAWN SMAHRT'. To learn more about me, check out this )^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/78ilq0).
            You're correct, it's market research. The negative reaction from Titanfall fans may have also played into how they branded the game under a new name.
        It reminds me of when someone got fired from Bethesda and went onto the Fallout subreddit and leaked all the details about Fallout 4 before release and everyone there didn't believe him/her and said none of the game ideas would make sense and would be stupid.
        No wonder they were so hush about the release.
        The desired effect was to see if it received a positive or negative reaction.  
  
Had it been positive, the marketing strategy would probably have been different. 
        The devs leaked it to test wether they should announce the game or launch it the way they did now.
            Certainly possible, or if it wasn’t deliberate they probably saw the reactions and that was part of why they stayed completely silent until launch.
        Or maybe it was, to drive attention away from these theories and leaks because they thought “oh these silly people with their leaks, ima just ignore it”

⠐⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠂ ⠄⠄⣰⣾⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣆⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⡀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠋⣉⣉⣉⡉⠙⠻⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣇⠔⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⢉⣤⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠹⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⠃⠄⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⡿⠁⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⠄⠄⣠⣄⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⢀⡴⠚⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⢠⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠃⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⠴⠋⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠈⠁⠄⠄⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⢶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⢀⣾⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⣠⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠈⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣆⠈⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⣉⣤⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠠⠺⣷⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣦⣄⣈⣉⣉⣉⣡⣤⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠉⠁⣀⣼⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣾⣿⣿⡿⠟⠄⠄ ⠠⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
        > :D

This makes you punchable.
        This thread is rough!

Alleged Minimap for Rumored Titanfall Battle Royal Game https://reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/85t21q/alleged_minimap_for_rumored_titanfall_battle/
    Yeah it wasn't a leak this def smells intentional to gauge reactions from people

This proves that no matter what "players think they want" it could indeed be a Fortnite killer 11 months later for absolutely no reason

The no marketing, drop the game immediately strategy needs to forever make a comeback now
        I believe the "no marketing" strategy was probably decided upon after testing the waters with leaks.

After realising the community was going to be resistant/negative about it the logical path to take is to not stir them up. Communities build massive amounts of negativity all by themselves, the audience could have written off the idea before it was even in their hands.

By taking the no marketing approach to it they essentially created a situation where people actually tried the game before drawing any impressions at all. They didn't allow the audience to reject it before even trying it.

It worked. It was a smart play. You see it a lot with games that are controversial, even good games, they're dead on arrival because the audience rejects it before even launching.
            [removed]
                > It was the polish.

*Crashes for third time today*

Jokes aside, I agree. But I think "fun" is a more appropriate term, the game is still in dire need of polish both in terms of balance and in terms of stability, it's just very much fun. People are patiently waiting for polish and playing in spite of issues because it's still fun in spite of issues.
                    Hey, if you're still crashing, have a look at your texture budget in game. We've got a small group of like 10 of us that play. Maybe 3-4 were having issues and we've spent the last week or so looking all kinds of random different settings. We've removed skins, updated drivers, rolled back drivers, moved pagefiles, reinstalled the game, etc... with no luck. Just recently 2 or 3 of them updated their texture budget setting in game and set the FPS lock launch command in the game settings on origin and haven't seen any crashes in 2-3 days. We're still not 100% sure if that's actually what fixed it, but not having crashed in 2-3 when it was multiple times every day is something!
                        This is what fixed it for me.  

I was having issues with dropping frames, and my game crashed all the time. The first 40 hours was just me trying to optimize my game and playtesting without going into launch commands and potentially messing up my game.  

Then I watched the variety streamer Jericho go through the same issues. Now granted, he was streaming and using a high quality camera and greenscreen overlay, but he has a  2080 Ti graphics card. He should have been having those issues.  

He did +max_fps 60, and the stream gameplay went from literally unwatchable to smooth as hell on max graphics. His CPU went from 99% down to 60%, with everything else running in the background.

 Sure enough, when I did the same, I was able to have the smoothest jump launches and gameplay since I got the game. 

Now I'm not exactly a computer expert, but I'm pretty sure it all stems from the fact that this game is run on the Source Engine.

Yup, trusty old Source. 

3kliksphillip did a video a while back about the CSGO Battle Royale mode that came out a few months ago, and the challenges in creating a BR map in the source engine, which you can watch here: https://youtu.be/EYDaIKIoOkw

Now, if we take what we learn from that video, and apply it to Apex, it's actually pretty easy to see the "rooms" of the map, with all the high cliffs and plateaus.

The downside to this, though, is that unlike Blacksite, the Apex legend map is much larger, and has larger rooms, thus you have all the "rooms" loading in at once when you are your squad first dive out of the plane, or upzip and travel to another "room". The Source Engine does not like this, and it puts a huge load on your setup to compensate for it. As is evident, even the best setups are going to have trouble running the game like that and not drop frames/crash.


Also, I guess that source engines have had trouble with in-game adaptive frame locks in the past and that it doesn't really work with in-game menus?  I'm not sure on this part since I got this specific part from Jericho's discovery with his setup.

 At any rate, the constant calculations and graphical compensations could be adding to the load in its own way, especially when its also trying to load the game assets in as well. The adaptive frame rate may not be a good idea for a BR source game.

Regardless, the launch option forces a certain amount of frames, so instead of trying to render in at once in 150-200 fps spikes and failing, it loads in at a rate that your system can more easily manage.


Again, working theory, but it's making more and more sense to me as I think about it more and more. 

                        Thank you guys for your tests and time! 
                    The crashing thing is going to be hard to replicate in house before releasing it, you just can't account for all the differing PC configurations out there.  Crashing should get better over time, I'm guessing there are a few core issues causing most of them, they just happen often (hopefully).
                        Yup, people who don't crash just never crashes for hundreds of hours, it's very configuration specific that's why the devs posted asking people to send their logs and hardware configuration.
                Apex would be D.O.A if it was hyped. There are a lot of people out there that make a living destroying other peoples works and careers just to make a few youtube bucks. Like that guy with 40 videos in a row bashing anthem. Like 1 video enough got his point across 40 videos latter you just tryna get paid dude. Like now you are no better than the guys who got a little youtube fame bashing solja boy then kept doing it to not lose viewers. I can see the videos now. Theres only 1 game mode, the character abilities are not very useful, only 60 players. Its like titan fall lite. the ttk is to long. Hit boxes are broken, game constantly crashes. The peace keeper is op. Gilbrator sucks. Cosmetics are only decent I don't feel a need to spend money on them. Cosmetics cost to much. Hur hur hur this game is bad watch my video. Don't forget to like and leave a comment and smash that subscribe button. At beast apex woulda did as good as free realms with that kind of negativity. 
            The reason I think the "no marketing" strat worked so well here was because it made it look like this was a little side project they've been working on instead of something they've poured months of dedicated development into. I imagine a lot of TF2 fans would be a lot less happy with Apex if they were hearing for 11 months about how Respawn wasn't working on their game.
        [deleted]
            Any title done this way would need to make some kind of noticeable splash on delivery. If they'd just silently pushed Apex out on Origin without mentioning it anywhere or having someone else push/vouch for it, it wouldn't have become this big this fast, if at all.

HL3 would, but there's half a world of gamers waiting for that.
        "Fortnite killer" lol. I'd be surprised if there was much more than a blip in the player numbers.
    I looked at his post history. He is also a mod on r/Titanfall. He also did an ama as a developer
    Coincidence, I think not
    This is my feelings towards pretty much all leaks, be it movies, games, whatever.   Its marketing.
    yes because the best way to gauge a response is releasing an overhead screenshot of your unfinished battle royale map
        I mean, it enters the concept into conversation
        you are correct but you say that's "unfinished" but to me that looks like it's identical to the map we have now .
A Titanfall battle royale? before TF3 is even announced? yeah right buddy, I bet they'll just throw respawning in there too.
Dumbass.
    Ha! They'll probably include the Mozambique but they'll NERF it hahahaha
        Haha. Ofcourse, and to top that they could make it team/squad based. pffff
            And they might remove titans altogether and go an Overwatch/Sieged route with heroes abilities, meh. 
                Now listen here you little shit


                    https://media.giphy.com/media/l41YdsBZC6Im0L8cM/giphy.gif
                There are abilities in TF2. Mirage is literally one of them. Same with Wraith's, or something very similar. And Pathfinder's grapple. Probably more too. I haven't played TF2 in a while.
                    Bloodhound is kinda like the sonar knife. In TF2, it's a knife that you throw to reveal everything in the surrounding area.
                        Yeah, the only tacticals we don't have from Tf2 yet are cloak stim and a-wall. The other four are in the game just watered down. I imagine they'll eventually implement all the tacticals in some way down the road.
                        Damn, the more I hear of all these cool items in TF2, the more I wanna check it out. Like that gravity bomb/black hole thing (sorry, dont know the name) i saw in a video that was warping bullet's paths. They seem to have some interesting mechanics in their multiplayer.
                            Hell yeah. [Here's](https://youtu.be/Ekhg7ZiXB_I) a video of a guy curving Kraber shots with a Gravity Star. There's some really cool loadouts that you can do too. I really like using the EVA-8 with a grappling hook, or an Alternator with the stimpack.

If you do decide to check it out (the game comes included with Origin Access for like, $4 a month), keep in mind that lots of the weapons are different than in Apex. The Alternator and Mozambique are actually pretty good, especially with the run and gun perk.

The multiplayer is still pretty active, albeit with a fairly harsh learning curve due to lots of veteran players, but you should catch on quickly. I'd also highly recommend the campaign. Along with DOOM and Wolfenstein, it's probably the best FPS campaign in recent years.
                Rainbow six siege has hero abilities? I knew they had characters to unlock but honestly I thought it was just cosmetics. I thought every player was the same, and just used guns.
                    Operators have a different weapon pool and abilities.
                        overwatch gets the comparison but this game is way closer to siege in terms of its hero shooter elements 
                    They are called operators and have special abilities and specific guns/attachments. It's an operato (hero) based tactical shooter.
                    No the whole point of the different operators is that each has a unique ability or gadget, from bear traps to drones that can shock you. Also, each operator gets access to a unique selection of weapons.
                    Get siege! Slightly toxic community but TOTALLY worth it!
                        It's like the most toxic shooter out in wdym *slightly*
                            I’ve been lucky enough to have never experienced someone be more toxic than an accidental teamkill and I’ve played since beta. However I HAVE heard about other people’s experiences.
                    Nah, they each have there own gadgets and some have passives that counter other operaters
            No solo queue lmao game is already dead
        To be fair, if they said they were adding the devotion but making the first couple rounds kick like a mule, the TF2 community would give Respawn a standing ovation
        Really they just need to change it from 3 shot to 2. That will force Mozambique mains to be more careful with their shots and should fix any balance problems.
        Hey how is everyone putting their preferred apex characters at the end of their names?
            On the desktop version of the site, there's a check box over on the right hand side under the subscriber count that says 'show flair.' Make sure that's checked then hit the 'edit' button next to your name in that section
            On mobile, go to the subreddit and click on the 3 dots on the right. Then select choose use flair 
    I bet they won't even include Titans in the game anyway... like wtf?
        Hey yo what the fuck is lifeline. Is that some Titanfall thing? 
        Big mistake, level tree.
    Yeah and one of the characters can be a huge gay Hawaiian guy, or fuck it, a goddamned DARPA robot while we’re at it. 
        [deleted]
            Hes in it for the revenge of his fallen comrades 
                Revenge for his brothers stolen arc welder or whatever
                    those things can be real expensive yo
    Yeah Team Fortress 3 will never be announced
    Next thing you know, you're going to be telling me Respawn is making a Star Wars game. Ha, unlikely!!
I'll take my upvotes now :P

Edit: Please stop giving me reddit gold for this, I don't need it!
    Prove that you're not a Respawn employee first :P
        No answer. We gottem boys
            **CHANGE MY STATE OF MIND**
                I propose a very slow death.....with a Mozambique.
                    Is there any other kind of death with a Mozambique?
                        non-death
                            Deathn't
                            Which actually is the slowest of deaths...
                        Let's hop into Titanfall 2 and I'll show you just how heinous the Mozambique can be.
                            I love how people with caustic flair comment as if they were in character, always so concise and confident, almost provocative. Uhh I meant to say I love death, life sucks, gas is fun.
                        You can very easily break a toe when you throw it to the ground in disgust. That might cause you to trip and fall somewhere. 
                    REMINDME! 100 years “it’ll take that long for Mozambique”
                    They'll die of old age before the Mozambique would kill them.
                    Throwing the Mozambique gun at him does higher damage than the actual gun.
                **LOVES SO HARD TO FIND**
                    **YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER**
                I'm a rocket engineer, not a brain surgeon
            Bake em away, toys
        Ladies and Gentlemen, we got him
            [Here is the actual source if anyone still wondering](https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/)
                Jeez, they just laid it all to bare and hardly anyone knew
                    Also, he says "Here's a photo of **one** of our map**s**"


So definitely they got some more maps in the works. Also apparently there was a mass exodus on the star wars team at respawn. So not a good sign for the respawn star wars game(EA, you fuck it).



                        > So definitely they got some more maps in the works. 

It's reasonable to assume we will get more maps unless they do what Fortnite does and alter the one they have. However, just because it was planned at the time doesn't mean it's proof there will be multiple maps. Stuff gets dropped and adjusted all the time 
                            I'm glad people are still speculating on stuff that the devs have already confirmed are coming. Keep it up everyone! 
                        They're announcing something related to Jedi Fallen Order in Star Wars Celebration next month so I doubt they're cancelling it. It's probably close to being done since Chris Avellone (Kotor 2, Fallout New Vegas) apparently worked on and finished working on it.
                “One of our maps” makes me excited
                    Oh, it's obvious there will be more maps. When looking at the friend list on Playstation, it says something like "Playing Apex Legends | King's Canyon."

Also the devs and CEO said there will be more maps a while ago.
                        Angel City or we RIOT
                            A full city to fight in, full sized, 60 people, futuristic sky scrapers and other areas... Omfg yes
                                Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

                        I think they need a quick improvement on their friends list. Just so you can check recent players/team members and be able to add them. Also be able to do it from the end game screen. 


Unless I’m missing something and have been taking the long route of remembering someone’s name and then searching for their GT..
                    I noticed he talked about how titans were in early versions of testing, but removed, which I had read before. However "There is a variation but mostly just for transportation" makes me wonder if that might come in a later update!
                        I think it's pretty sure that one of the new characters in the future will have ultimate ability which summons titan (maybe not "full sized" titan but...) for a set amount of time. Just wait. 
                            This seems like the thread to drop this nugget into, so a friend in the industry told me that an IMC stalker will be released as one of the upcoming legends. Current plans are an ult that allows for a reaper to be called in. They're not all in agreement on how to balance just yet (lower hp or very limited in deployment time) but that's about all that needs to be worked out. 🤫
                                Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
                >Literally they're making a battle royal mode and put TF3 on hold till  next year. Mode is called Apex. Open beta out July/August. Questions?  
>  
>– 11 months ago

*no response*
                    There were a bunch of responses 
                [deleted]
                    >	Max exodus on the star wars team. Literally all their leads quit last week. Other than that.... ehhh could be worse.


:(
                    Welcome to 4chan
                I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease
                    I've never read something that made me feel this flavour of discomfort before..
                        I just polished my grapple to it.
                        Are you sure the flavor is discomfort and not something else?
                        4chan in a nutshell. Not that I hate it, but I don't exactly like it either. 
                    Nice you just copied the comment in the link above, 10 points for creativity
                        Never said it was mine. Probably should've put it in a quote though.

My bad.
                    After Apex Legends doing so well, Titanfall 3 has potential to sell a lot of copies. A lot of people are playing Respawn's game, and a lot of people are very happy with their experiences so they're more likely to buy a game from that developer. 

It's not exactly a hard and fast rule but Respawn and the Titanfall world is seeing a lot of attention which usually translates to more sales, which they 100% deserve 
                I like how he starts out with "sources in the industry" and then just says "we" everytime after that. Was a developer the whole time
                “One of our maps”
                From the comments in your source - "I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease"

Let's not get technical here guys... whomever wrote this better suck it!
                Wow that's really interesting to read. With the guy being so open and detailed I seriously wouldn't have believed him. I'd think a real leaker would try to be more subtle to not give themselves away
                [deleted]
                    [Here is the screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/KOlYMDW.png)
                Holy crap....I'm surprised that information didn't get more wide spread.
            Mod confirmed Respawn Employee? 
                I wish
                    Can you please give us night time or weather effects?
                        No, but I can stand next to you while blowing really hard to simulate a wind storm while you play.
                    Where did you find this originally???
                        https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
            ###GOTTEM
            YOU WERE A CLOCK⏰
        This should do it: While we're all enjoying Apex, Respawn has shut down most servers for Titanfall 1 and there's a hacker ruining the fun on the last remaining ones.
            Big Oof here, level 3
                Dibs
                    **D E E B S**
                    Thanks

                I could use that. 
                Dibs
                Deebs 
                That's mine
                I need that 
                I need it!
            How do you know that? Hmm??

&#x200B;
                Try playing a game of Titanfall 1 on PC, I dare you.
                    I tried it didnt go so well
                        I joined the game and a man appeared behind my chair and whispered "git gud noob" in my ear before he moonwalked out and hit my dog.
            Hackers on dead games piss me off so much. Killed one of my favourite multiplayer shooters, Black Ops 2.  
                Black ops 2 is actually not bad on Xbox rn since it went backwards compatible
                    Nice. I play PC though and multiplayer has been killed by hackers. At least Black Ops 1 has dedicated servers with admins so it’s fine. Zombies on BO2 is great though and still really active (you can somehow find games for all maps!) so I can’t complain too much
                they fixed the movement bug but still hella aimbotters
                    Every game is just 2 people shooting walls getting headshots with every bullet, real annoying. At least zombies is still good though
            Real shit? Not that I ever played TF1, but is this actually true?
                Why did you never play TF1? It was **ART**
                    Never either had the PC for it or I felt like it was too late to buy the game since it had passed its "prime".
                        It was sad how quickly it died... :(
    Upvote here, level 1.
        Dibs 
            \*exchanges it with a mozambique\*
                You talkin mad shit for someone in Mozambique range
                    Whatever. The Zique shoots airsoft pellets
            *runs to it and takes it before you anyways*




    Please tell the firms secret. How in the world did you end up with that intel? 
        A respawn employee leaked it on 4chan nearly a year ago.
            Link?
                https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
                    Wow! So much detail too. 3 man squads, 60 players, no titans. But there is a variation where titans are used as transport. 

So interesting. 
                        He even says the name: Apex. It's an incredibly candid and thorough leak
                            Meh, I'll call it a wild guess.
                                he got lucky lol
                        Yesterday shroud was getting frustrated that someone in his chat badmouthed Respawn, so he said something along the lines of: “They have some crazy stuff planned. I playtested stuff that isn’t even in this build”
                        AND ALSO TITAN FALL 3 NEXT YEAR
                            So glad everyone's seeing Respawn's game design because of Apex, Titanfall 2 was one of the most balanced and well designed games I've ever played and I feel like it's really underrated. Free monthly DLC, almost every weapon is viable while still having their quirks, and the weird weapons are still great if you get good at them. A well balanced point system for each game type along with the AI enemies that make the 6v6 on a huge map feel more alive. Then, upping the classes to have a secondary + an anti-titan weapon, changing classes during the game, and I believe it was the first game I played that had weapon levels (both BF and CoD have weapon levels now). To top it all off, they managed to design two maps in one for every map that work well separately and include plenty of places for good crossover between titans and pilots. I'm pumped for Titanfall 3 and for people to finally notice Titanfall. Titanfall 2 lived up to the idea I had of Titanfall back when I first heard of it in like 2013. 
                                Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
                    [deleted]
                        Depends, sometimes leaks comes from directly from the studio to build hype.  And sometimes   leakers get fired and blacklisted by companies for spilling secrets.
                            We never hear about the aftermath of leaking, hmmm, any sources?
                                I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
        He knows a guy
        His Uncle works for Nintendo.
    The people demand answers.
    tell us ur ways
        The hacker known as 4chan
    I'm upvoting you my brother don't worry
        Thank you.
            You can thank me by playing some games with me. I'm SlippyStair at Origin
                I'm not sure if I should be concerned with your username or not
                    U should, or else you’ll slip down the stairs. 
        >brother

brudda*
            Change to the Lifeline flair
                Bangalore flair here! 

Level tree!
                    *COME AND GET YA BIRTHDAY PRESENTS*
                        "Backpack here, leather one"

I hear this every time
    Post is archived. Cant upvote it.
    Where did you get the map?
    noobie
    Real question is, do you have any future Apex maps to leak to us?
    Here's ya' birthday present
    “Careful, he’s a hero.”
    This comment was the most platinum gilded, gold gilded & silver gilded comment across all of Reddit on February 28th, 2019!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/topcommentoftheday](/r/topcommentoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
    Everyone, go to his history and upvote that shit!
        We can't, but we can laugh it off watching the comments. Someone just said it was fake and got a gold and two silvers for some reason, and another one said they would play the shit out of it and now they probably are. 
Imagine dropping Water Treatment just to get eaten by giant lizard monster.
    >giant lizard monster 

SCP-682 has breached containment!
        /r/UnexpectedSCP
    Out of the loop?
        He meant to say: by the giant lizard spaghetti monster.
        the 2 giant lizards we see now, one is literally over the top of the water treatment's northside lol
            Those are the m o y a i
                Look at the *moyai* sway 
                🗿 
            They're called The Boys, and they're wonderful. 
                Möiai
            The penis heads?
            You mean the weird swingy ballsack monsters? 
                They're called the m o y a i
            There is also an Easter egg giant lizard in swamps 
    The leviathans?
"They called me a mad man" -u/hiticonic
that's pretty funny, something like this happened with rdr2 as well
    The RDR2 leaks were taken pretty seriously and reported by gaming outlets.

If you're talking about the map leak, I mean.
        oh for real? there was a thread posted at the time trashing the guy because no one believed theyd reuse part of the old map like they did. I wasn't referring to gaming outlets, just what happened on reddit
            Idk, I'm talking about [this old map leak](http://assets.vg247.com/current//2016/04/Red-Dead-Redemption-2-map-leak-hi-res.jpg) which was pretty heavily reported on and generally regarded as possibly true. Whoever was so quick to dismiss that guy you're talking about was an idiot.
    Same with Battlefield 1 I believe. A guy leaked almost everything in detail, even the war pigeons mode and everyone was like “yeah, okay bud”
    It also happened with Battlefield 1. Only thing the leaker got wrong was the title 
Credits to u/abcbadboy, who brought me there

Edit: here's the Link https://www.reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/85t21q/alleged_minimap_for_rumored_titanfall_battle/?utm_source=reddit-android

Edit 2: I also want to make clear that I don't want to call names with this post. As a hardcore Titanfall fanboy, I probably would have reacted with the same pessimism like those redditors did. So please don't be rude.
    That one guy calling it fake cause of the dinosaurs.
        That gave me a good chuckle
        u/Revokedpower 
            He’s dead, Jim.
            Doesn't seem to be active anymore...
                Looks like his power has been... revoked
                    YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH
        The funny part about that is that Titanfall already had it's own dinosaur-esque animals in it.
            It's literally the same creature in both Titanfall and Apex lmao
                The m o y a i also appeared on Titanfall? I only played Tf2 and don't remember them :(
        Yeah, like if I were to fake a screenshot for karma, I sure as hell wouldn't put weird shit into it so people would instantly call me out.
    First comment on that linked post "I really hope this doesn't happen",

ends up being one of the best things to happen.
        /u/ThaiMylace how do you feel about this now?
            >I have put too much time into the game so far, my prejudice was very wrong
                nice!!
                Did you ever think your pessimistic, negative comments on a small post would reap you hundreds of upvotes 11 months later? 
                    Although he got some negative comments too :(
                        >some

You should see my inbox lmao
                        Because people like him are the problem for "outrages" in reveals these days. Ex. BFV suffered a toxic pre-launch community, but they didn't turn positive like the Apex community has, instead running it into the ground and yelling at the devs when they made TTK balancing. Or Diablo, a game that many play when bored, having a spinoff made for the-platform-you-play-when-you're-bored: mobile. Can only hope people see sense through this mess once that releases.. :/
                I respect a guy who isn't afraid to admit defeat 
                I really just wanna rub it in your face that this game was good, but not as much as I'm just happy you are enjoying it when you thought you wouldn't. 
            Silver if he/she ~~doesnt~~ repl~~y~~ies
                RemindMe! 2 Days "Pay up"
                    look now
        And looking at his comment history, he plays apex now, the circle is now complete.
            hahaha, reddit is one weird place.
                Nah, people just think they know more than they actually do.
        that was from around the time when the 'dae fortnite is bad' circlejerk was at its peak i think
            When I first looked at Apex Legends my first reaction was "Damn, yet another uninspired battle royale game.. But how does it have so many viewers?", so I tried it myself and I am not regretting, it really stands out
                it stands out because its a good game, thats literally all there is to it haha. from what i've seen of 99% of BR games they are all poorly made/poorly balanced/unoriginal or all of the above

apex is made by respawn, who are the people who made titanfall which has some of the best and smoothest movement in any shooters i've ever seen, and they are the people who made cod4 which has some of the crispest shooting and is basically the godfather of modern shooters
            It was pretty easy to be cynical about BRs at that time.
    The comments are gold lol
        [deleted]
            11 months ago
>couldnt care less about br mode games sorry. 

16 days ago
>Caustic is so badass looking
                Well, Yeah I mean... He is so sick looking
    I love the “it’s not real” guy. 

/u/Cjmo1 
    I have to appreciate respawn even more now, they might have done this whole thing (on top of making a shit zillion tons of dollars) so they won't have to put a BR mode in next titanfall. Smort
    I love the comment where the guy zooms into the dinosaurs and calls it fake. Its funny because I always wonder about those dinos when I drop in.
    [Archive of the comments.](http://archive.is/j4xYw)
    >It literally looks like someone stitched all the maps from the first game together.

How accurate is that guy? Does the actual Kings Canyon contain much from the original game? I never played Titanfall so I wouldn't know. 
wait is this map  made with pieces of multiplayer maps?
    Yup
        Are you sure? Which ones? I don't see any that I recognize.
            Airbase, Runoff and Swampland were all in Titanfall.
                Ah that explains it. I only ever played TF2. Thanks for the info.
                    [removed]
    Makes sense. That's one of the reasons why this game feels so tight. Each area is a well-crafted map in its own right, tied together with the others to form one giant, mostly cohesive map.

Other BRs don't do this, they start with the big map and play 'fill in the buildings'. Instead, it looks like Respawn craft each area, then build the greater map around it.
        "other BRs don't do this"

&#x200B;

BO4 tho
            Bo4 didn't tie it together well though 
            BO4 just smacks grass and trees in between everything. 
        Aside from BO4, other BR games didn't have the multiplayer "mini maps" from past games. 
            Realm Royals did this. Less popular, but they took maps and textures from Paladins to make their BR game.
        Have you played battle royal in black ops? They put a bunch of different maps from over the years. So you can drop in to firing range and other classics. 
> pessimistic comments

Sounds like Reddit gamers

Edit: Well then, thanks for gold stranger. O.o
    Sounds like Reddit ~~gamers~~


        Sounds like ~~Reddit~~ gamers
            Sounds ~~like Reddit gamers~~
        Let's face it there is more of a miasma of hate in any subreddit that's centered around gaming. Gaming and politics.
[removed]
    u/CJMO1 said:

> ITS ^NOT^REAL

Ouch!


    >I have put too much time into the game so far, my prejudice was very wrong
        How does it feel being upvoted for saying the game will suck, and now getting upvoted for saying the game is good?
            Contradictory, I bet.
        Love this response.
    If you tag more than 3 people they don’t get a notif  FYI
    I love it.
        [deleted]
            Yes I know, at the time I was unsure whether it was real or fake but I always thought the scaling for places like “Arena” and “Market” were off. Being that it was a work-in-progress stuff like this would be expected since everything turned out fine in the final game.
    Reddit won't send a ping/notification if you've got more than 3 usernames mentioned. You have to split up the usernames into different comments. 
    I like the team aspect of jumping from the ship as it helps keep teams together, would like solo/doubles, but over all entertaining
     u/CJMO1
 u/Rells_Parker
 u/sayroksho
     u/Ill_Blitz_lII
 u/GameJamms
 u/ateb3
    u/revokedpower
 u/Limonstrosity
    Surprising! What was even more surprising was this was a stand-alone game and came out the way it did. My thoughts at the time were that, if this mode were to come out it had to be with TF3--AND it would have come out with Titans and somehow used all the mechanics that were taught in TF2.

Now in retrospect. It was shocking that there were no other plans but to bring this out. With Zampella saying Titanfall is being worked on--*whatever the hell that means*... I still remain very interested in what else they have coming for us next.

But BR was never a mode for me... even breaking from Titanfall 2 to play them (ie PUBG, Fortnite, H1Z1). It's chaotic, random, and tailored to those already invested in the game mode. It's fun when played, don't get me wrong. But as an old school gamer of the TDM and Attrition variety--I'm more than happy to let the new talent take the lead on this game.

It's great for those that like that survival element--and everyone starts with nothing builds upon that--on their games... But for those that are like me who want everyone to start with a weapon and test gunplay skills on a level playing field... I receive no joy killing those who are weapon-less and struggling to find a gun in the beginning of the game.
People have no clue what they want and they have no real clue into what they think they want. That's why Respawn's idea to just drop this game without marketing was brilliant. People are fucking stupid.
    As someone doing client-design work that hits way to close to home.
        I am not involved in development or software at all, but I agree 100%. When you have too many cooks in the kitchen, no one is happy. 
    This strikes me as a very good point. If they'd announced this the pessimism and bandwagon accusations would have been thunderous. Instead they dropped a polished, attractive game with a strong sense of identity separate from Titanfall and had 25 million players in a week. Publishers take note!
        If they had marketed it beforehand people would've jumped on the hate train just for the sake of hating. 
    “If I’d asked people what they wanted, they’d have said a faster horse” - Henry Ford
    I think its more because before apex when people heard battle royale they associated it with clunky unfinished games.
    Yeah honestly a lot of times marketing just makes me more likely to not want something. I've seen so many commercials for things and could only think about how terrible the product looked.
    "You think you do, but you don't".
Even after playing and loving this game I don't blame the pessimists. I mean the pessimism is exactly why respawn announced the game the day it launched. 
Well no wonder none cared. It's sideways. Had it been the right way it totally would have gotten way more upvotes
    I feel as if this rotation is more natural. Since the ping system is a thing i rarely check the map and more importantly i never check the names/direction. I always saw wetlands and relay as the top even though they are to the east. 

Excuse me if my grammer is off. Im not sober. 
Idk about you guys but im calling repulsor tank base from now on.
    > Top 10 Tips that Pros use When Playing Sweats! *red arrow* 
    Shit, I was calling it hydro dam this whole time. I mean, what else does it look like?
Or they made the map based on this post
    🤔
[deleted]
    My thoughts are it looks that way in this image because wall-running was in this version of the game and map and thus there was more shit to run on there
        Sigh... I miss wall running
    I hope this happens, having an adapting map is the best thing about Fortnite. Keeps things really interesting.
u/GameJamms enjoying the game buddy?
The East is the South, everything is turned 90 degrees... IM SO CONFUSED
    Did the same thing, I actually tilted my head and was like “ooohh I see”
HOLY SHIT. I remember seeing that and being super skeptical. Wow.
Best of:

"I really hope this doesn't happen" /u/ThaiMylace 

"They better not add battle royale in the next game"
- /u/Ill_Blitz_lII 

"Doubt it... maybe for that weird 'Titanfall Online' they've got in (korea? Japan?)" - /u/Rells_Parker 

"fake" - /u/Revokedpower 





    Its ^NOT ^^REAL
Have you ever heard of the tragedy of Reddit leaker the wise?
    It's not a story theDevs would tell you
Looks like thunder dome changed quite a bit
They rejected Jesus’s message because they knew he told the truth.
To all the people still talking bad about how the game crashes. How we forget the 3-5 hour queues in Fortnite... At least I can boot Apex back up and get back into the game. 
    Preeeeach!

The burnt forest part of the map is a waste. Literally. It needs restoring to an actual forest or something worth landing at.
Hilarious part is the first person who said that they hope this doesn't happen, happens to be active in this sub.
u/ThaiMylace what is your opinion now?
    Can you blame him? I would've been like "Jesus no just give us TF3 or some TF2 QOL updates" a year ago, too.
        No not really, I'm just curious what he thinks in hindsight
    His post history shows that he comments in this sub regularly. I guess he favors the game despite the pessimistic attitude toward the leak. 
        It’s almost as if people can have opinions that change once new data gets thrown into the mix.
F
Classic reddit.
When you're sitting on reddit gold but reddit doesn't know it yet
This needs upvotes!

Well found:  [u/hiticonic](https://www.reddit.com/u/hiticonic) 

&#x200B;

With all of the fakes, it's hard to believe what is posted on the internet though.
    Use u/ then the username to tag people in reddit. @ does nothing. 
Anyone who has been a part of the chorus bitching and moaning about BR games for the past year can uninstall apex right now if it’s a continuation of such an ungodly trend. 
Holy shit I totally forgot about this.

Edit - most of the top comments claiming it would be a bag of shite now interestingly are very active in the apex sub lol 
“A large scale Titanfall game would only work with a RTS style IMO. I can’t see it working as a PUBG/Fortnite-esque game. Certainly would be interesting though if it is legit.”


Lol this aged well
Day 35, still looking for the dev reply...
Well it's in the wrong orientation, so duh, downvoted, get it right dude /s
[deleted]
Well, they were clearly wrong. None of this matches the original. Artillery is actually to the north!
Question is what's the original soruce?

Wow total ripoff?

&#x200B;

/s
They hates him because he told the truth
That explains, or adds more reason, to the fact this game had no marketing before releasing. People are dumb and general group think would have buried the game before anyone even played it.
Haha 14 comments crying **FAAAAAKE** must feel pretty dumb now.
They hated him because he told them the truth.
It looks like RuneScape map
We’ve got bamboozled!
Repeat after me: “The loudest in any community knows the least”. 
And now you get all of his karma
/u/CJMO1 hey remember when you said it wasn't real?
Let's be honest. 90% of people posting on game sites or reddit are just waiting on someone to post something they can shit on. Everyone wants to tell someone they're wrong, or stupid for liking something they don't. It wouldn't surprise me if Blizzard split from activision and people could find something wrong with that these days. 

&#x200B;

 Gamers don't want to be happy, they want to argue. 
Imagine getting 41k upvotes by screenshotting another post
u/CJMO1, u/TheMandoCommando thoughts?
    Considering people have been PM’ing me all day and being dicks about this, I’ll say something.


 I still hold to what I said. Titanfall as BR doesn’t work. Apex isn’t Titanfall as BR. It’s a BR in the Titanfall universe, which I greatly enjoy. If you asked me 11 months ago if I’d ever play a BR game, I’d say no. And lets be honest with ourselves, even with this leak, NO ONE saw this coming. Titanfall 3 was assumed to be the next Titanfall based project. 

For those who keep sending me harassing messages, congrats. Hindsight is 20/20.  Props to u/hiticonic for posting this way back when he did. 


TLDR: If I were to go back and do it again, I would change nothing. 
They were probably being pessimistic because they were worried that their favourite fps was going to be morphed into a hyper-autistic cross between Overwatch and Fortnite brimming with f2p EA cancer.

It sounds impossible but....

Oh would you look at that
People on Reddit can be such pompous asses. 
I remember seeing this wow 
It's so cool to see stuff like this. You never know when it's going to be completely substantiated.
Haha someone replied “fake” with ‘proof’
Now I wanna know how Hiticon got this lol
Love how the guy who made the top comment about ‘I really hope this doesn’t happen’ posts in this subreddit
Wow, imagine if the water camels were actually that close
It actually seems pretty interesting that the map didn’t change much over the course of a year. That’s some master class level design if they never decided to change anything around after doing it once.
u/thaimylace didn’t want this game to happen but now he’s out here playing it! Top comment and everything damn.
Oh yes I remember! I was like 'pls no' 
It even has *”the moai”*
LOL, Looking at the source thread and people saying it's fake because there were dinosaurs in the map.
You and the team must have been shitting your pants
Absolutely crazy how the biggest changes are minor name changes. Wonder if Titans we’re still in mind at this point of the development?  
    Highly likely. This map was definitely before they culled a lot of it. Though I am very curious on why.
    It definitely was, and I suspect that the flat sides of the rocks in many places exist due to wallrunning being a thing for part of development. Could be wrong, but it looks too perfect.
Some people just can't keep a secret! How do you feel about this new legend leak?
    I don't think we are going to get an answer to that. Doesn't matter if it's real or not, there are good reasons not to comment on it either way.
    Ask them again after Octane releases, because obviously they can't say anything now.
Usually rivers don't run from the ocean to the ocean too.
    Doesn't the river start at a waterfall next to the slums? It could be fed from some weird alien underground hydrology.
        [deleted]
            Weird alien underground hydrology.
                A spring.
                    *Weird alien underground hydrology*
                        ***A spring.***
                            Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
                                A ^spring.
            Dude, come on, how does [this](https://i.imgur.com/Ty9ceCA.jpg) make water?
                With enough of them underground, they can effectively push the water up! Causing a river.
                    /r/shittyaskscience/
    Tell that to Fortnite team
        I’m pretty sure both rivers run from the lake to the ocean. So does the stream in the desert; the waterfall off of Viking just ended up nowhere before it froze 
    They don't in this game either as they start in the mountains on the northern side and fall into the ocean. 
        Right, but not in this map. They're running from the ocean at the end of slums which is built physically on top of the river through to the ocean by treatment.
Damn...
*I broke the dam*
    I broke the dam
        I broke the dam
            No, I broke the dam
Bureau of Dam Management: "Shhhhhh....Nothing to see here"
    I think you mean Bureau of Dam Supervision and Management
Also thunderdome released unfinished?!
If the leak was intentional, [it certainly didn't achieve the desired effect](https://www.reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/85t21q/alleged_minimap_for_rumored_titanfall_battle/?utm_source=reddit-android) :D
    I think hyping up a possible Battle Royale mode for a game that is an arena shooter would always be difficult. They're fundamentally different genres even if mechanically "shoot the bad guys" is the same thing.

It went about as well as I'd expect it to go if a dev team tried to "leak" a Street Fighter RPG. Even if the final game is incredibly fun an audience will reject the concept if they think they want to be playing something else. You've got to prove it to them.

The CoD crowd weren't excited for a BR in their game, the Halo crowd aren't excited about the idea of it for their game, and the Battlefield crowd aren't excited for it in their game either. Nobody playing one genre will be convinced that their game in another genre will be enjoyable until it's demonstrated to them. Audiences are inherently resistant to it. Also, I suspect you too.

EDIT: Since there's a lot of response about one part of this I just want to say - people in subreddit for a battle royale game think battle royale Halo/CoD/BF sounds great and aren't necessarily representative of the entire community's views on the idea. Don't be surprised if you think the idea sounds good but subreddits full of the core audience of those games are cold or lukewarm about them.
        I want this Street Fighter RPG you speak of
        And besides, I believe many people felt like BR games were getting a bit bland 10-12 months ago. Games like Fortnite had their own mechanics that made them unique, but generally there are/were a lot of BR games that just weren't terribly interesting.

Maybe it's just how I felt about it because I hadn't actively played any BR before Apex, but to me it felt like many people started getting tired of games getting a BR mode/BR games coming out just because "yay BR" and didn't do much to make their mode unique.
            Battle royale has been desperately waiting for someone with a decent pedigree to make a great first person version. I remember when first playing and enjoying pubg with all its short comings that once someone made a 'good' (read 'cod mw2 good') version of this game mode it's going to blow up. 

Fortnite was the closest thing there was, albeit third person and the building isn't for everyone. I'm thoroughly enjoying Apex and am glad it's finally here.

Edit: Thanks for the gold! 
                I loved the first season of fortnite. Before everyone realized that building was the way to win fights. The building mechanic was mostly just to make ramps to get on top of buildings and to make a tower for final circle. But I never caught on to building in a fight (aka I sucked at it) and I lost interest. Pubg was fun but soo campy. Apex feels like the best of both
                    This is exactly how I feel.

In PUBG games are too slowly paced, and they punish you for enjoying the game and engaging in fights that aren't snipe fests. Armor and helmets have durability, TTK is very low in close quarters, and there's significantly less mobility to try and Dodge shots. You're encouraged to take the "bathroom strat" of waiting upstairs in a building and trying to pick people off from a distance.

In Fortnite the game is too frantic, if you don't know how to build in seconds while others are attacking you there's no chance of victory. The only way you can win is if you're better at playing Sim City than everyone else in the game with you. 

In Apex they did a good job of getting the right TTK and weapon balance so that people aren't encouraged to camp or sit somewhere sniping the whole game. There's also no need to learn an entire second game besides the FPS portion. It's just good fun, and it really rewards good teamwork while simultaneously providing the tools to make that happen (the ping system).
                        I find sniping in Apex to be nearly useless. If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them. It's occasionally good when initiating, but it's almost always better to have a different weapon.
                            I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
                                I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
                                
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


                            > If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
                                >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
                        In first person the people camping bathrooms rarely won because you typically wouldn't come across enough loot to make it a viable strategy. PUBG is a slower paced game, but similar to Apex it is best to get into fights but only if you finish them very quickly because third partying is your biggest threat. Difference is PUBG is just on a larger scale with less dynamic options due to less mobility options and hero moves.

Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking. 
                            >Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
                                #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
                                Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
                        What absolutely turned me on to this game was the ping system. I had no idea how useful that shit was until I used it... a complete game-changer for me.
                    Building is such a strange concept to me for an action shooter. It’s what has kept me from ever playing Fortnite. I’m glad Apex came out because I finally get to play a BR game and I’m loving it! 
                        I feel the same. For me is much more satisfying dodging bullets and outplaying the enemy with the buildings/environment than building your way though it. 
                    The building is very clunky as a mechanic, it's almost like it's found its way into the metagame, but it got away from them on the design side. I can build a bit myself and edit ok, but mechanically editing is a terrible design (how it works with the buttons etc). I respect everyone that learned to do it well, but it is not a transferable skill whatsoever to other games so I sort of found perfecting it as a waste of energy for me personally.
                        I can’t do it and don’t see myself learning either. I will say though that watching people who can do it is very impressive. I played with this guy couple days ago who was an incredible builder and it was to the point where I would rather my character be dead so I could just watch him play lol. Dude carries us to a couple wins in squads by himself. Doubt I’ll ever play w/ him again though after the pitiful display I put on the couple times he died before me and he watched me get wrecked. 
                    I couldn't get into building either. My step daughter loved that aspect though. Duo's with her are a blast. "I'm taking fire from the east, sweety. Requesting fortification of or AO immediately!"

I swear playing with her is the only way I can get more than a couple kills.
                Yeah everyone that plays PUBG has been lamenting how terrible the game is from a technical standpoint. I still think PUBG is a really fun game, and the "quirks" were excusable 2 years ago when they were a small indie team overwhelmed by the massive success, but two years on and many of the same issues are still a huge problem, which is insane for a game making that much money.

It was a matter of time before a game came along that was smooth, fun and had all these quality of life things that PUBG is sorely lacking.
                    Shows how bad that game is, designed. They need a FULL redesign and launch to fix that mess.
                        If they built PUBG 2 from the ground up it would be amazing. The thing these other BR games lack is the sense of being on a HUGE island or map with vast fields and forests. Also I love the building designs and details like trash inside of the old houses. Blackout is like an arcade machine version of PUBG which isn't bad but doesn't have the downtime or adventurous feeling that PUBG does. 
                            i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
                                [deleted]
                    I actually don't care about the quirks.  Pubg just takes too long
                        Right. I can get 10 matches in after work of Apex. Or 4 good matches of pub.
                            Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
                            This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
                                Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
                                The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
                        You could have an entire satisfying match in AL by the time you've finished looting in the average game of PUBG.
                    Isnt the developers Bluehole? It's not like it is their first big game either.
                        It's not? I honestly don't know anything about them.

Whatever the reason is it does feel like the games original code was a piece of crap and they've never managed to refactor it and make it smooth, just patchwork ontop of existing code to put out fires for 2 years straight.
                            They made Tera, too.
                                Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
                                Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
                    The tricky thing about "fixing quirks" in a massively-successful game is potentially turning away the player base that made it successful...

"The devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't know".
                    Try ring of elysium. It's what pubg should have been after all this time. 
                As someone that played cod since its inception as a pc only title it still blows my mind that MW2 is regarded as a high standard for games...it was an absolute abortion that many in the cod community that played since the beginning marked as the beginning of the decline into a crappy perk filled game that catered to the lowest common denominator...but at this point maybe im just old guy yelling at kids to get off my lawn...
            I think you're suffering from the modern condition of "holy shit so much is happening last week feels like last month"

Last year this time fortnite had been out for 5 months and pubg was about to hit a year (and pubg really only spiked in popularity towards the end of the summer).
            I never understood this. 

We’ve literally played the same Shoot, Die, Respawn game modes for over 15 years (TDM, Obj base modes) with literally little to no changes in them. 

We’re not even 2 years in to the BR scene and people think it’s going to get stale or bland. 

Nahhhh. BR is here to STAY. It’s only going to evolve and grow. Just like Apex has evolved it something else will eventually come along and evolve it even more. 

If we can play the same TDM for 15 years we gonna keep playing BR. It’s literally still a baby in the gaming industry. 

So people need to stop “predicting” BR is going to go away or fall off. Cuz it’s not. 

/ end rant 
            The problem with me last year is we had PUBG and fortnite. Two games that cater to two extremes game play wise, with fortnite being the super cartoony game and pubg being an ultra realistic ARMA spinoff. 

For a long time i've wanted some "middle ground" game that would be more laid back than pubg but not as not serious as fortnite. Something that was somewhat realisticish but not super realistic, but something far more "casual" than pubg. You know, something like a typical AAA game. I figured there was room for some AAA developer to make a really good BR game that would knock it out of the park. I didnt expect respawn to make one based on titanfall, i was thinking more along the lines of BF5 or COD...and we did get blackout, which was okay but still not great. 

When respawn came out with a titanfall oriented one i was like holy crap because titanfall has some of the best mechanics of any game going. I never understood why it isnt more popular. It completely wrecks COD as a franchise, and making a titanfall BR game? YES PLEASE.

So honestly i think titanfall got in on a niche few others really attempted. A "middle ground" BR game that isnt super cartoony nor hyper realistic that occupies the middle ground between the two...while made by an AAA developer so its not a broken mess like, for example, pubg. And they hit it out of the park. 
            Osu player spotted outside of natural habitat
            To be fair, how is Apex different?  I guess the class system? To me, Apex is successful because they took all of the "traditional" BR systems and just... did them better.
                Well I can't speak for everyone, but personally I like the fact that it's fast-paced and games don't feel like they take a long time to start. I know the reason for the latter one is that loading is mostly covered by the class/squad/champion screens but I like it.

My biggest complaint in PUBG/BR in general was the downtime between matches and it's much faster in Apex to get into a new one. I didn't play PUBG enough to know much about the bugs and such, maybe if I did I'd think of them as the worse thing about it.

I'm indifferent about the class system, I'd probably enjoy the game even if it wasn't a thing, but it's a nice touch. The respawn system is also a fun addition, because if you die you're not necessarily out yet and aren't forced to wait in the main menu for a while again. The ping system is really useful especially if you're a mostly solo queue player like me.
        >Halo crowd aren't excited about the idea of it

Neither are the devs. No BR coming to Halo yet it seems.
            Maybe the success of Apex would change that. Apex warmed up the audience for a lot of FPS games to adapt BR. 
        As a Halo fanboy I've been hoping for a Halo BR since PUBG
            Didn’t halo say no a few months ago to that?
                Which is a shame. The Halo community rejects the idea of a Halo BR game so hard. If friggin Titanfall can do it well then so can Halo which has the exact mechanics needed for a BR game. Just like a Battlefield BR, Halo Br is something I've been looking forward too and my dreams had been crushed because the Halo community is too good for a BR when it would be fun.
            it would be better than the warzone mode, which could easily be turned into a battle royale
                It would be completely different and not really comparable to warzone.
            Me too. I've played soo much halo and I want a game with transferrable skills because I'm too old to master new games overnight like I used too. Fuck, I picked up the game last week and I'm playing people with 2200 kills already? Who has the time for that?? Confession, I used to play COD for 3-5 hours a day in high school so I guess I can answer that question myself...

        CoD crowd was very excited for it.

Lul 
            There was definitely a split in their audience. I think they had at least some openness to new ideas though because they're not alien to the concept of cod being different genres. Zombies is basically CoD but in a completely different sub-genre.
                a 95-5 split in favor of a BR-mode, sure. Hardpressed to say there was more dissent than that.
        I think Battle Royale games are closer to the Arena Shooter genre than Titanfall 2 or Call of Duty.

I’m not sure what to call loadout based Call of Duty-esque shooters, but a defining quality of arena shooters has always been spawning players with next to nothing and making them fight for resources on the map. BR merely made the maps bigger to accommodate more players, and turn off respawning.
        As a diehard Halo fan I’d actually be super down for a Halo BR, Warzone proved that large scale Halo can work and I think that placing that type of large scale sandbox experience in a BR game would be fucking amazing.

The only issue is that they’d have to add Sprint 😉
        Titanfall isn't an arena shooter lol
        Well, to be frank, I don't think most of the people playing this are Titanfall players, since neither Titanfall game was a huge success. And the same goes for Fortnite. It's not the same audience.
            Exactly, show the wrong audience a game idea and their response will always be "meh".
            I loved Titanfall 1 but never played 2 despite hearing how good it is
                Pick it up for cheap now. Campaign still worth it.
                Absolutely still worth it, the campaign was widely revered to be one of the best of all time, albeit entirely too short. And the movement mechanics in multiplayer have a learning curve that, when understood (not even mastered), are addicting. Flying across the map with the help of your tether will never get to be an old feeling, never mind what you can do while you're flying.

Plus, if you're not that great, there's npcs running around to kill, so you still feel like you're doing something to help the team
            Titanfall 1 sold over 10 million while being an Xbox exclusive when PS4 was a much larger market. That's an insane success. Titanfall 2 still sold over 4 million despite the release date competition. That's much better numbers than 99% of games, so I dont know what your metric of success is...
        I would play a street fighter rpg, I think it would be fun. I wouldnt like it as a replacement for a street fighter fighting game. Although with 5 being trash I might welcome it. Titanfall fans want titanfall 3 not a battle royale in the titanfall universe, as fun of an experience as it is. 
    isn't "unintentional leak" (in this context) an oxymoron?
        A manufactured leak might be a better term. 
    Honestly, I think it was a low key marketing test to see how general reception would be

---
"Let's just throw a small tease and see how it goes." - Respawn

"***FUCK OFF!***"

"Aaaaaand, let's just not announce anything until we launch it." - Respawn
    What is a desired effect? I assume if this be true they just intended to gauge the reaction and it might have played a role in the way they released and marketed the game. It is all personal assumption though, so don't quote me on that. 
        That's a good point, the muted response could have played a part in announcing the game immediately before the release to make sure there wasn't backlash before people could play it. 
            RESPAWN SMAHRT
                Respahrt.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'RESPAWN SMAHRT'. To learn more about me, check out this )^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/78ilq0).
        You're correct, it's market research. The negative reaction from Titanfall fans may have also played into how they branded the game under a new name.
    It reminds me of when someone got fired from Bethesda and went onto the Fallout subreddit and leaked all the details about Fallout 4 before release and everyone there didn't believe him/her and said none of the game ideas would make sense and would be stupid.
    No wonder they were so hush about the release.
    The desired effect was to see if it received a positive or negative reaction.  
  
Had it been positive, the marketing strategy would probably have been different. 
    The devs leaked it to test wether they should announce the game or launch it the way they did now.
        Certainly possible, or if it wasn’t deliberate they probably saw the reactions and that was part of why they stayed completely silent until launch.
    Or maybe it was, to drive attention away from these theories and leaks because they thought “oh these silly people with their leaks, ima just ignore it”

⠐⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠂ ⠄⠄⣰⣾⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣆⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⡀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠋⣉⣉⣉⡉⠙⠻⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣇⠔⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⢉⣤⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠹⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⠃⠄⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⡿⠁⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⠄⠄⣠⣄⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⢀⡴⠚⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⢠⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠃⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⠴⠋⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠈⠁⠄⠄⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⢶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⢀⣾⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⣠⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠈⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣆⠈⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⣉⣤⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠠⠺⣷⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣦⣄⣈⣉⣉⣉⣡⣤⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠉⠁⣀⣼⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣾⣿⣿⡿⠟⠄⠄ ⠠⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
    > :D

This makes you punchable.
    This thread is rough!

Alleged Minimap for Rumored Titanfall Battle Royal Game https://reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/85t21q/alleged_minimap_for_rumored_titanfall_battle/
Yeah it wasn't a leak this def smells intentional to gauge reactions from people

This proves that no matter what "players think they want" it could indeed be a Fortnite killer 11 months later for absolutely no reason

The no marketing, drop the game immediately strategy needs to forever make a comeback now
    I believe the "no marketing" strategy was probably decided upon after testing the waters with leaks.

After realising the community was going to be resistant/negative about it the logical path to take is to not stir them up. Communities build massive amounts of negativity all by themselves, the audience could have written off the idea before it was even in their hands.

By taking the no marketing approach to it they essentially created a situation where people actually tried the game before drawing any impressions at all. They didn't allow the audience to reject it before even trying it.

It worked. It was a smart play. You see it a lot with games that are controversial, even good games, they're dead on arrival because the audience rejects it before even launching.
        [removed]
            > It was the polish.

*Crashes for third time today*

Jokes aside, I agree. But I think "fun" is a more appropriate term, the game is still in dire need of polish both in terms of balance and in terms of stability, it's just very much fun. People are patiently waiting for polish and playing in spite of issues because it's still fun in spite of issues.
                Hey, if you're still crashing, have a look at your texture budget in game. We've got a small group of like 10 of us that play. Maybe 3-4 were having issues and we've spent the last week or so looking all kinds of random different settings. We've removed skins, updated drivers, rolled back drivers, moved pagefiles, reinstalled the game, etc... with no luck. Just recently 2 or 3 of them updated their texture budget setting in game and set the FPS lock launch command in the game settings on origin and haven't seen any crashes in 2-3 days. We're still not 100% sure if that's actually what fixed it, but not having crashed in 2-3 when it was multiple times every day is something!
                    This is what fixed it for me.  

I was having issues with dropping frames, and my game crashed all the time. The first 40 hours was just me trying to optimize my game and playtesting without going into launch commands and potentially messing up my game.  

Then I watched the variety streamer Jericho go through the same issues. Now granted, he was streaming and using a high quality camera and greenscreen overlay, but he has a  2080 Ti graphics card. He should have been having those issues.  

He did +max_fps 60, and the stream gameplay went from literally unwatchable to smooth as hell on max graphics. His CPU went from 99% down to 60%, with everything else running in the background.

 Sure enough, when I did the same, I was able to have the smoothest jump launches and gameplay since I got the game. 

Now I'm not exactly a computer expert, but I'm pretty sure it all stems from the fact that this game is run on the Source Engine.

Yup, trusty old Source. 

3kliksphillip did a video a while back about the CSGO Battle Royale mode that came out a few months ago, and the challenges in creating a BR map in the source engine, which you can watch here: https://youtu.be/EYDaIKIoOkw

Now, if we take what we learn from that video, and apply it to Apex, it's actually pretty easy to see the "rooms" of the map, with all the high cliffs and plateaus.

The downside to this, though, is that unlike Blacksite, the Apex legend map is much larger, and has larger rooms, thus you have all the "rooms" loading in at once when you are your squad first dive out of the plane, or upzip and travel to another "room". The Source Engine does not like this, and it puts a huge load on your setup to compensate for it. As is evident, even the best setups are going to have trouble running the game like that and not drop frames/crash.


Also, I guess that source engines have had trouble with in-game adaptive frame locks in the past and that it doesn't really work with in-game menus?  I'm not sure on this part since I got this specific part from Jericho's discovery with his setup.

 At any rate, the constant calculations and graphical compensations could be adding to the load in its own way, especially when its also trying to load the game assets in as well. The adaptive frame rate may not be a good idea for a BR source game.

Regardless, the launch option forces a certain amount of frames, so instead of trying to render in at once in 150-200 fps spikes and failing, it loads in at a rate that your system can more easily manage.


Again, working theory, but it's making more and more sense to me as I think about it more and more. 

                    Thank you guys for your tests and time! 
                The crashing thing is going to be hard to replicate in house before releasing it, you just can't account for all the differing PC configurations out there.  Crashing should get better over time, I'm guessing there are a few core issues causing most of them, they just happen often (hopefully).
                    Yup, people who don't crash just never crashes for hundreds of hours, it's very configuration specific that's why the devs posted asking people to send their logs and hardware configuration.
            Apex would be D.O.A if it was hyped. There are a lot of people out there that make a living destroying other peoples works and careers just to make a few youtube bucks. Like that guy with 40 videos in a row bashing anthem. Like 1 video enough got his point across 40 videos latter you just tryna get paid dude. Like now you are no better than the guys who got a little youtube fame bashing solja boy then kept doing it to not lose viewers. I can see the videos now. Theres only 1 game mode, the character abilities are not very useful, only 60 players. Its like titan fall lite. the ttk is to long. Hit boxes are broken, game constantly crashes. The peace keeper is op. Gilbrator sucks. Cosmetics are only decent I don't feel a need to spend money on them. Cosmetics cost to much. Hur hur hur this game is bad watch my video. Don't forget to like and leave a comment and smash that subscribe button. At beast apex woulda did as good as free realms with that kind of negativity. 
        The reason I think the "no marketing" strat worked so well here was because it made it look like this was a little side project they've been working on instead of something they've poured months of dedicated development into. I imagine a lot of TF2 fans would be a lot less happy with Apex if they were hearing for 11 months about how Respawn wasn't working on their game.
    [deleted]
        Any title done this way would need to make some kind of noticeable splash on delivery. If they'd just silently pushed Apex out on Origin without mentioning it anywhere or having someone else push/vouch for it, it wouldn't have become this big this fast, if at all.

HL3 would, but there's half a world of gamers waiting for that.
    "Fortnite killer" lol. I'd be surprised if there was much more than a blip in the player numbers.
I looked at his post history. He is also a mod on r/Titanfall. He also did an ama as a developer
Coincidence, I think not
This is my feelings towards pretty much all leaks, be it movies, games, whatever.   Its marketing.
yes because the best way to gauge a response is releasing an overhead screenshot of your unfinished battle royale map
    I mean, it enters the concept into conversation
    you are correct but you say that's "unfinished" but to me that looks like it's identical to the map we have now .
Ha! They'll probably include the Mozambique but they'll NERF it hahahaha
    Haha. Ofcourse, and to top that they could make it team/squad based. pffff
        And they might remove titans altogether and go an Overwatch/Sieged route with heroes abilities, meh. 
            Now listen here you little shit


                https://media.giphy.com/media/l41YdsBZC6Im0L8cM/giphy.gif
            There are abilities in TF2. Mirage is literally one of them. Same with Wraith's, or something very similar. And Pathfinder's grapple. Probably more too. I haven't played TF2 in a while.
                Bloodhound is kinda like the sonar knife. In TF2, it's a knife that you throw to reveal everything in the surrounding area.
                    Yeah, the only tacticals we don't have from Tf2 yet are cloak stim and a-wall. The other four are in the game just watered down. I imagine they'll eventually implement all the tacticals in some way down the road.
                    Damn, the more I hear of all these cool items in TF2, the more I wanna check it out. Like that gravity bomb/black hole thing (sorry, dont know the name) i saw in a video that was warping bullet's paths. They seem to have some interesting mechanics in their multiplayer.
                        Hell yeah. [Here's](https://youtu.be/Ekhg7ZiXB_I) a video of a guy curving Kraber shots with a Gravity Star. There's some really cool loadouts that you can do too. I really like using the EVA-8 with a grappling hook, or an Alternator with the stimpack.

If you do decide to check it out (the game comes included with Origin Access for like, $4 a month), keep in mind that lots of the weapons are different than in Apex. The Alternator and Mozambique are actually pretty good, especially with the run and gun perk.

The multiplayer is still pretty active, albeit with a fairly harsh learning curve due to lots of veteran players, but you should catch on quickly. I'd also highly recommend the campaign. Along with DOOM and Wolfenstein, it's probably the best FPS campaign in recent years.
            Rainbow six siege has hero abilities? I knew they had characters to unlock but honestly I thought it was just cosmetics. I thought every player was the same, and just used guns.
                Operators have a different weapon pool and abilities.
                    overwatch gets the comparison but this game is way closer to siege in terms of its hero shooter elements 
                They are called operators and have special abilities and specific guns/attachments. It's an operato (hero) based tactical shooter.
                No the whole point of the different operators is that each has a unique ability or gadget, from bear traps to drones that can shock you. Also, each operator gets access to a unique selection of weapons.
                Get siege! Slightly toxic community but TOTALLY worth it!
                    It's like the most toxic shooter out in wdym *slightly*
                        I’ve been lucky enough to have never experienced someone be more toxic than an accidental teamkill and I’ve played since beta. However I HAVE heard about other people’s experiences.
                Nah, they each have there own gadgets and some have passives that counter other operaters
        No solo queue lmao game is already dead
    To be fair, if they said they were adding the devotion but making the first couple rounds kick like a mule, the TF2 community would give Respawn a standing ovation
    Really they just need to change it from 3 shot to 2. That will force Mozambique mains to be more careful with their shots and should fix any balance problems.
    Hey how is everyone putting their preferred apex characters at the end of their names?
        On the desktop version of the site, there's a check box over on the right hand side under the subscriber count that says 'show flair.' Make sure that's checked then hit the 'edit' button next to your name in that section
        On mobile, go to the subreddit and click on the 3 dots on the right. Then select choose use flair 
I bet they won't even include Titans in the game anyway... like wtf?
    Hey yo what the fuck is lifeline. Is that some Titanfall thing? 
    Big mistake, level tree.
Yeah and one of the characters can be a huge gay Hawaiian guy, or fuck it, a goddamned DARPA robot while we’re at it. 
    [deleted]
        Hes in it for the revenge of his fallen comrades 
            Revenge for his brothers stolen arc welder or whatever
                those things can be real expensive yo
Yeah Team Fortress 3 will never be announced
Next thing you know, you're going to be telling me Respawn is making a Star Wars game. Ha, unlikely!!
Prove that you're not a Respawn employee first :P
    No answer. We gottem boys
        **CHANGE MY STATE OF MIND**
            I propose a very slow death.....with a Mozambique.
                Is there any other kind of death with a Mozambique?
                    non-death
                        Deathn't
                        Which actually is the slowest of deaths...
                    Let's hop into Titanfall 2 and I'll show you just how heinous the Mozambique can be.
                        I love how people with caustic flair comment as if they were in character, always so concise and confident, almost provocative. Uhh I meant to say I love death, life sucks, gas is fun.
                    You can very easily break a toe when you throw it to the ground in disgust. That might cause you to trip and fall somewhere. 
                REMINDME! 100 years “it’ll take that long for Mozambique”
                They'll die of old age before the Mozambique would kill them.
                Throwing the Mozambique gun at him does higher damage than the actual gun.
            **LOVES SO HARD TO FIND**
                **YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER**
            I'm a rocket engineer, not a brain surgeon
        Bake em away, toys
    Ladies and Gentlemen, we got him
        [Here is the actual source if anyone still wondering](https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/)
            Jeez, they just laid it all to bare and hardly anyone knew
                Also, he says "Here's a photo of **one** of our map**s**"


So definitely they got some more maps in the works. Also apparently there was a mass exodus on the star wars team at respawn. So not a good sign for the respawn star wars game(EA, you fuck it).



                    > So definitely they got some more maps in the works. 

It's reasonable to assume we will get more maps unless they do what Fortnite does and alter the one they have. However, just because it was planned at the time doesn't mean it's proof there will be multiple maps. Stuff gets dropped and adjusted all the time 
                        I'm glad people are still speculating on stuff that the devs have already confirmed are coming. Keep it up everyone! 
                    They're announcing something related to Jedi Fallen Order in Star Wars Celebration next month so I doubt they're cancelling it. It's probably close to being done since Chris Avellone (Kotor 2, Fallout New Vegas) apparently worked on and finished working on it.
            “One of our maps” makes me excited
                Oh, it's obvious there will be more maps. When looking at the friend list on Playstation, it says something like "Playing Apex Legends | King's Canyon."

Also the devs and CEO said there will be more maps a while ago.
                    Angel City or we RIOT
                        A full city to fight in, full sized, 60 people, futuristic sky scrapers and other areas... Omfg yes
                            Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

                    I think they need a quick improvement on their friends list. Just so you can check recent players/team members and be able to add them. Also be able to do it from the end game screen. 


Unless I’m missing something and have been taking the long route of remembering someone’s name and then searching for their GT..
                I noticed he talked about how titans were in early versions of testing, but removed, which I had read before. However "There is a variation but mostly just for transportation" makes me wonder if that might come in a later update!
                    I think it's pretty sure that one of the new characters in the future will have ultimate ability which summons titan (maybe not "full sized" titan but...) for a set amount of time. Just wait. 
                        This seems like the thread to drop this nugget into, so a friend in the industry told me that an IMC stalker will be released as one of the upcoming legends. Current plans are an ult that allows for a reaper to be called in. They're not all in agreement on how to balance just yet (lower hp or very limited in deployment time) but that's about all that needs to be worked out. 🤫
                            Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
            >Literally they're making a battle royal mode and put TF3 on hold till  next year. Mode is called Apex. Open beta out July/August. Questions?  
>  
>– 11 months ago

*no response*
                There were a bunch of responses 
            [deleted]
                >	Max exodus on the star wars team. Literally all their leads quit last week. Other than that.... ehhh could be worse.


:(
                Welcome to 4chan
            I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease
                I've never read something that made me feel this flavour of discomfort before..
                    I just polished my grapple to it.
                    Are you sure the flavor is discomfort and not something else?
                    4chan in a nutshell. Not that I hate it, but I don't exactly like it either. 
                Nice you just copied the comment in the link above, 10 points for creativity
                    Never said it was mine. Probably should've put it in a quote though.

My bad.
                After Apex Legends doing so well, Titanfall 3 has potential to sell a lot of copies. A lot of people are playing Respawn's game, and a lot of people are very happy with their experiences so they're more likely to buy a game from that developer. 

It's not exactly a hard and fast rule but Respawn and the Titanfall world is seeing a lot of attention which usually translates to more sales, which they 100% deserve 
            I like how he starts out with "sources in the industry" and then just says "we" everytime after that. Was a developer the whole time
            “One of our maps”
            From the comments in your source - "I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease"

Let's not get technical here guys... whomever wrote this better suck it!
            Wow that's really interesting to read. With the guy being so open and detailed I seriously wouldn't have believed him. I'd think a real leaker would try to be more subtle to not give themselves away
            [deleted]
                [Here is the screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/KOlYMDW.png)
            Holy crap....I'm surprised that information didn't get more wide spread.
        Mod confirmed Respawn Employee? 
            I wish
                Can you please give us night time or weather effects?
                    No, but I can stand next to you while blowing really hard to simulate a wind storm while you play.
                Where did you find this originally???
                    https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
        ###GOTTEM
        YOU WERE A CLOCK⏰
    This should do it: While we're all enjoying Apex, Respawn has shut down most servers for Titanfall 1 and there's a hacker ruining the fun on the last remaining ones.
        Big Oof here, level 3
            Dibs
                **D E E B S**
                Thanks

            I could use that. 
            Dibs
            Deebs 
            That's mine
            I need that 
            I need it!
        How do you know that? Hmm??

&#x200B;
            Try playing a game of Titanfall 1 on PC, I dare you.
                I tried it didnt go so well
                    I joined the game and a man appeared behind my chair and whispered "git gud noob" in my ear before he moonwalked out and hit my dog.
        Hackers on dead games piss me off so much. Killed one of my favourite multiplayer shooters, Black Ops 2.  
            Black ops 2 is actually not bad on Xbox rn since it went backwards compatible
                Nice. I play PC though and multiplayer has been killed by hackers. At least Black Ops 1 has dedicated servers with admins so it’s fine. Zombies on BO2 is great though and still really active (you can somehow find games for all maps!) so I can’t complain too much
            they fixed the movement bug but still hella aimbotters
                Every game is just 2 people shooting walls getting headshots with every bullet, real annoying. At least zombies is still good though
        Real shit? Not that I ever played TF1, but is this actually true?
            Why did you never play TF1? It was **ART**
                Never either had the PC for it or I felt like it was too late to buy the game since it had passed its "prime".
                    It was sad how quickly it died... :(
Upvote here, level 1.
    Dibs 
        \*exchanges it with a mozambique\*
            You talkin mad shit for someone in Mozambique range
                Whatever. The Zique shoots airsoft pellets
        *runs to it and takes it before you anyways*




Please tell the firms secret. How in the world did you end up with that intel? 
    A respawn employee leaked it on 4chan nearly a year ago.
        Link?
            https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
                Wow! So much detail too. 3 man squads, 60 players, no titans. But there is a variation where titans are used as transport. 

So interesting. 
                    He even says the name: Apex. It's an incredibly candid and thorough leak
                        Meh, I'll call it a wild guess.
                            he got lucky lol
                    Yesterday shroud was getting frustrated that someone in his chat badmouthed Respawn, so he said something along the lines of: “They have some crazy stuff planned. I playtested stuff that isn’t even in this build”
                    AND ALSO TITAN FALL 3 NEXT YEAR
                        So glad everyone's seeing Respawn's game design because of Apex, Titanfall 2 was one of the most balanced and well designed games I've ever played and I feel like it's really underrated. Free monthly DLC, almost every weapon is viable while still having their quirks, and the weird weapons are still great if you get good at them. A well balanced point system for each game type along with the AI enemies that make the 6v6 on a huge map feel more alive. Then, upping the classes to have a secondary + an anti-titan weapon, changing classes during the game, and I believe it was the first game I played that had weapon levels (both BF and CoD have weapon levels now). To top it all off, they managed to design two maps in one for every map that work well separately and include plenty of places for good crossover between titans and pilots. I'm pumped for Titanfall 3 and for people to finally notice Titanfall. Titanfall 2 lived up to the idea I had of Titanfall back when I first heard of it in like 2013. 
                            Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
                [deleted]
                    Depends, sometimes leaks comes from directly from the studio to build hype.  And sometimes   leakers get fired and blacklisted by companies for spilling secrets.
                        We never hear about the aftermath of leaking, hmmm, any sources?
                            I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
    He knows a guy
    His Uncle works for Nintendo.
The people demand answers.
tell us ur ways
    The hacker known as 4chan
I'm upvoting you my brother don't worry
    Thank you.
        You can thank me by playing some games with me. I'm SlippyStair at Origin
            I'm not sure if I should be concerned with your username or not
                U should, or else you’ll slip down the stairs. 
    >brother

brudda*
        Change to the Lifeline flair
            Bangalore flair here! 

Level tree!
                *COME AND GET YA BIRTHDAY PRESENTS*
                    "Backpack here, leather one"

I hear this every time
Post is archived. Cant upvote it.
Where did you get the map?
noobie
Real question is, do you have any future Apex maps to leak to us?
Here's ya' birthday present
“Careful, he’s a hero.”
This comment was the most platinum gilded, gold gilded & silver gilded comment across all of Reddit on February 28th, 2019!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/topcommentoftheday](/r/topcommentoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
Everyone, go to his history and upvote that shit!
    We can't, but we can laugh it off watching the comments. Someone just said it was fake and got a gold and two silvers for some reason, and another one said they would play the shit out of it and now they probably are. 
>giant lizard monster 

SCP-682 has breached containment!
    /r/UnexpectedSCP
Out of the loop?
    He meant to say: by the giant lizard spaghetti monster.
    the 2 giant lizards we see now, one is literally over the top of the water treatment's northside lol
        Those are the m o y a i
            Look at the *moyai* sway 
            🗿 
        They're called The Boys, and they're wonderful. 
            Möiai
        The penis heads?
        You mean the weird swingy ballsack monsters? 
            They're called the m o y a i
        There is also an Easter egg giant lizard in swamps 
The leviathans?
The RDR2 leaks were taken pretty seriously and reported by gaming outlets.

If you're talking about the map leak, I mean.
    oh for real? there was a thread posted at the time trashing the guy because no one believed theyd reuse part of the old map like they did. I wasn't referring to gaming outlets, just what happened on reddit
        Idk, I'm talking about [this old map leak](http://assets.vg247.com/current//2016/04/Red-Dead-Redemption-2-map-leak-hi-res.jpg) which was pretty heavily reported on and generally regarded as possibly true. Whoever was so quick to dismiss that guy you're talking about was an idiot.
Same with Battlefield 1 I believe. A guy leaked almost everything in detail, even the war pigeons mode and everyone was like “yeah, okay bud”
It also happened with Battlefield 1. Only thing the leaker got wrong was the title 
That one guy calling it fake cause of the dinosaurs.
    That gave me a good chuckle
    u/Revokedpower 
        He’s dead, Jim.
        Doesn't seem to be active anymore...
            Looks like his power has been... revoked
                YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH
    The funny part about that is that Titanfall already had it's own dinosaur-esque animals in it.
        It's literally the same creature in both Titanfall and Apex lmao
            The m o y a i also appeared on Titanfall? I only played Tf2 and don't remember them :(
    Yeah, like if I were to fake a screenshot for karma, I sure as hell wouldn't put weird shit into it so people would instantly call me out.
First comment on that linked post "I really hope this doesn't happen",

ends up being one of the best things to happen.
    /u/ThaiMylace how do you feel about this now?
        >I have put too much time into the game so far, my prejudice was very wrong
            nice!!
            Did you ever think your pessimistic, negative comments on a small post would reap you hundreds of upvotes 11 months later? 
                Although he got some negative comments too :(
                    >some

You should see my inbox lmao
                    Because people like him are the problem for "outrages" in reveals these days. Ex. BFV suffered a toxic pre-launch community, but they didn't turn positive like the Apex community has, instead running it into the ground and yelling at the devs when they made TTK balancing. Or Diablo, a game that many play when bored, having a spinoff made for the-platform-you-play-when-you're-bored: mobile. Can only hope people see sense through this mess once that releases.. :/
            I respect a guy who isn't afraid to admit defeat 
            I really just wanna rub it in your face that this game was good, but not as much as I'm just happy you are enjoying it when you thought you wouldn't. 
        Silver if he/she ~~doesnt~~ repl~~y~~ies
            RemindMe! 2 Days "Pay up"
                look now
    And looking at his comment history, he plays apex now, the circle is now complete.
        hahaha, reddit is one weird place.
            Nah, people just think they know more than they actually do.
    that was from around the time when the 'dae fortnite is bad' circlejerk was at its peak i think
        When I first looked at Apex Legends my first reaction was "Damn, yet another uninspired battle royale game.. But how does it have so many viewers?", so I tried it myself and I am not regretting, it really stands out
            it stands out because its a good game, thats literally all there is to it haha. from what i've seen of 99% of BR games they are all poorly made/poorly balanced/unoriginal or all of the above

apex is made by respawn, who are the people who made titanfall which has some of the best and smoothest movement in any shooters i've ever seen, and they are the people who made cod4 which has some of the crispest shooting and is basically the godfather of modern shooters
        It was pretty easy to be cynical about BRs at that time.
The comments are gold lol
    [deleted]
        11 months ago
>couldnt care less about br mode games sorry. 

16 days ago
>Caustic is so badass looking
            Well, Yeah I mean... He is so sick looking
I love the “it’s not real” guy. 

/u/Cjmo1 
I have to appreciate respawn even more now, they might have done this whole thing (on top of making a shit zillion tons of dollars) so they won't have to put a BR mode in next titanfall. Smort
I love the comment where the guy zooms into the dinosaurs and calls it fake. Its funny because I always wonder about those dinos when I drop in.
[Archive of the comments.](http://archive.is/j4xYw)
>It literally looks like someone stitched all the maps from the first game together.

How accurate is that guy? Does the actual Kings Canyon contain much from the original game? I never played Titanfall so I wouldn't know. 
Yup
    Are you sure? Which ones? I don't see any that I recognize.
        Airbase, Runoff and Swampland were all in Titanfall.
            Ah that explains it. I only ever played TF2. Thanks for the info.
                [removed]
Makes sense. That's one of the reasons why this game feels so tight. Each area is a well-crafted map in its own right, tied together with the others to form one giant, mostly cohesive map.

Other BRs don't do this, they start with the big map and play 'fill in the buildings'. Instead, it looks like Respawn craft each area, then build the greater map around it.
    "other BRs don't do this"

&#x200B;

BO4 tho
        Bo4 didn't tie it together well though 
        BO4 just smacks grass and trees in between everything. 
    Aside from BO4, other BR games didn't have the multiplayer "mini maps" from past games. 
        Realm Royals did this. Less popular, but they took maps and textures from Paladins to make their BR game.
    Have you played battle royal in black ops? They put a bunch of different maps from over the years. So you can drop in to firing range and other classics. 
Sounds like Reddit ~~gamers~~


    Sounds like ~~Reddit~~ gamers
        Sounds ~~like Reddit gamers~~
    Let's face it there is more of a miasma of hate in any subreddit that's centered around gaming. Gaming and politics.
u/CJMO1 said:

> ITS ^NOT^REAL

Ouch!


>I have put too much time into the game so far, my prejudice was very wrong
    How does it feel being upvoted for saying the game will suck, and now getting upvoted for saying the game is good?
        Contradictory, I bet.
    Love this response.
If you tag more than 3 people they don’t get a notif  FYI
I love it.
    [deleted]
        Yes I know, at the time I was unsure whether it was real or fake but I always thought the scaling for places like “Arena” and “Market” were off. Being that it was a work-in-progress stuff like this would be expected since everything turned out fine in the final game.
Reddit won't send a ping/notification if you've got more than 3 usernames mentioned. You have to split up the usernames into different comments. 
I like the team aspect of jumping from the ship as it helps keep teams together, would like solo/doubles, but over all entertaining
 u/CJMO1
 u/Rells_Parker
 u/sayroksho
 u/Ill_Blitz_lII
 u/GameJamms
 u/ateb3
u/revokedpower
 u/Limonstrosity
Surprising! What was even more surprising was this was a stand-alone game and came out the way it did. My thoughts at the time were that, if this mode were to come out it had to be with TF3--AND it would have come out with Titans and somehow used all the mechanics that were taught in TF2.

Now in retrospect. It was shocking that there were no other plans but to bring this out. With Zampella saying Titanfall is being worked on--*whatever the hell that means*... I still remain very interested in what else they have coming for us next.

But BR was never a mode for me... even breaking from Titanfall 2 to play them (ie PUBG, Fortnite, H1Z1). It's chaotic, random, and tailored to those already invested in the game mode. It's fun when played, don't get me wrong. But as an old school gamer of the TDM and Attrition variety--I'm more than happy to let the new talent take the lead on this game.

It's great for those that like that survival element--and everyone starts with nothing builds upon that--on their games... But for those that are like me who want everyone to start with a weapon and test gunplay skills on a level playing field... I receive no joy killing those who are weapon-less and struggling to find a gun in the beginning of the game.
As someone doing client-design work that hits way to close to home.
    I am not involved in development or software at all, but I agree 100%. When you have too many cooks in the kitchen, no one is happy. 
This strikes me as a very good point. If they'd announced this the pessimism and bandwagon accusations would have been thunderous. Instead they dropped a polished, attractive game with a strong sense of identity separate from Titanfall and had 25 million players in a week. Publishers take note!
    If they had marketed it beforehand people would've jumped on the hate train just for the sake of hating. 
“If I’d asked people what they wanted, they’d have said a faster horse” - Henry Ford
I think its more because before apex when people heard battle royale they associated it with clunky unfinished games.
Yeah honestly a lot of times marketing just makes me more likely to not want something. I've seen so many commercials for things and could only think about how terrible the product looked.
"You think you do, but you don't".
I feel as if this rotation is more natural. Since the ping system is a thing i rarely check the map and more importantly i never check the names/direction. I always saw wetlands and relay as the top even though they are to the east. 

Excuse me if my grammer is off. Im not sober. 
> Top 10 Tips that Pros use When Playing Sweats! *red arrow* 
Shit, I was calling it hydro dam this whole time. I mean, what else does it look like?
🤔
My thoughts are it looks that way in this image because wall-running was in this version of the game and map and thus there was more shit to run on there
    Sigh... I miss wall running
I hope this happens, having an adapting map is the best thing about Fortnite. Keeps things really interesting.
Did the same thing, I actually tilted my head and was like “ooohh I see”
Its ^NOT ^^REAL
It's not a story theDevs would tell you
Preeeeach!

Can you blame him? I would've been like "Jesus no just give us TF3 or some TF2 QOL updates" a year ago, too.
    No not really, I'm just curious what he thinks in hindsight
His post history shows that he comments in this sub regularly. I guess he favors the game despite the pessimistic attitude toward the leak. 
    It’s almost as if people can have opinions that change once new data gets thrown into the mix.
Use u/ then the username to tag people in reddit. @ does nothing. 
Considering people have been PM’ing me all day and being dicks about this, I’ll say something.


 I still hold to what I said. Titanfall as BR doesn’t work. Apex isn’t Titanfall as BR. It’s a BR in the Titanfall universe, which I greatly enjoy. If you asked me 11 months ago if I’d ever play a BR game, I’d say no. And lets be honest with ourselves, even with this leak, NO ONE saw this coming. Titanfall 3 was assumed to be the next Titanfall based project. 

For those who keep sending me harassing messages, congrats. Hindsight is 20/20.  Props to u/hiticonic for posting this way back when he did. 


TLDR: If I were to go back and do it again, I would change nothing. 
Highly likely. This map was definitely before they culled a lot of it. Though I am very curious on why.
It definitely was, and I suspect that the flat sides of the rocks in many places exist due to wallrunning being a thing for part of development. Could be wrong, but it looks too perfect.
I don't think we are going to get an answer to that. Doesn't matter if it's real or not, there are good reasons not to comment on it either way.
Ask them again after Octane releases, because obviously they can't say anything now.
Doesn't the river start at a waterfall next to the slums? It could be fed from some weird alien underground hydrology.
    [deleted]
        Weird alien underground hydrology.
            A spring.
                *Weird alien underground hydrology*
                    ***A spring.***
                        Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
                            A ^spring.
        Dude, come on, how does [this](https://i.imgur.com/Ty9ceCA.jpg) make water?
            With enough of them underground, they can effectively push the water up! Causing a river.
                /r/shittyaskscience/
Tell that to Fortnite team
    I’m pretty sure both rivers run from the lake to the ocean. So does the stream in the desert; the waterfall off of Viking just ended up nowhere before it froze 
They don't in this game either as they start in the mountains on the northern side and fall into the ocean. 
    Right, but not in this map. They're running from the ocean at the end of slums which is built physically on top of the river through to the ocean by treatment.
I broke the dam
    I broke the dam
        No, I broke the dam
I think you mean Bureau of Dam Supervision and Management
I think hyping up a possible Battle Royale mode for a game that is an arena shooter would always be difficult. They're fundamentally different genres even if mechanically "shoot the bad guys" is the same thing.

It went about as well as I'd expect it to go if a dev team tried to "leak" a Street Fighter RPG. Even if the final game is incredibly fun an audience will reject the concept if they think they want to be playing something else. You've got to prove it to them.

The CoD crowd weren't excited for a BR in their game, the Halo crowd aren't excited about the idea of it for their game, and the Battlefield crowd aren't excited for it in their game either. Nobody playing one genre will be convinced that their game in another genre will be enjoyable until it's demonstrated to them. Audiences are inherently resistant to it. Also, I suspect you too.

EDIT: Since there's a lot of response about one part of this I just want to say - people in subreddit for a battle royale game think battle royale Halo/CoD/BF sounds great and aren't necessarily representative of the entire community's views on the idea. Don't be surprised if you think the idea sounds good but subreddits full of the core audience of those games are cold or lukewarm about them.
    I want this Street Fighter RPG you speak of
    And besides, I believe many people felt like BR games were getting a bit bland 10-12 months ago. Games like Fortnite had their own mechanics that made them unique, but generally there are/were a lot of BR games that just weren't terribly interesting.

Maybe it's just how I felt about it because I hadn't actively played any BR before Apex, but to me it felt like many people started getting tired of games getting a BR mode/BR games coming out just because "yay BR" and didn't do much to make their mode unique.
        Battle royale has been desperately waiting for someone with a decent pedigree to make a great first person version. I remember when first playing and enjoying pubg with all its short comings that once someone made a 'good' (read 'cod mw2 good') version of this game mode it's going to blow up. 

Fortnite was the closest thing there was, albeit third person and the building isn't for everyone. I'm thoroughly enjoying Apex and am glad it's finally here.

Edit: Thanks for the gold! 
            I loved the first season of fortnite. Before everyone realized that building was the way to win fights. The building mechanic was mostly just to make ramps to get on top of buildings and to make a tower for final circle. But I never caught on to building in a fight (aka I sucked at it) and I lost interest. Pubg was fun but soo campy. Apex feels like the best of both
                This is exactly how I feel.

In PUBG games are too slowly paced, and they punish you for enjoying the game and engaging in fights that aren't snipe fests. Armor and helmets have durability, TTK is very low in close quarters, and there's significantly less mobility to try and Dodge shots. You're encouraged to take the "bathroom strat" of waiting upstairs in a building and trying to pick people off from a distance.

In Fortnite the game is too frantic, if you don't know how to build in seconds while others are attacking you there's no chance of victory. The only way you can win is if you're better at playing Sim City than everyone else in the game with you. 

In Apex they did a good job of getting the right TTK and weapon balance so that people aren't encouraged to camp or sit somewhere sniping the whole game. There's also no need to learn an entire second game besides the FPS portion. It's just good fun, and it really rewards good teamwork while simultaneously providing the tools to make that happen (the ping system).
                    I find sniping in Apex to be nearly useless. If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them. It's occasionally good when initiating, but it's almost always better to have a different weapon.
                        I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
                            I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
                            
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


                        > If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
                            >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
                    In first person the people camping bathrooms rarely won because you typically wouldn't come across enough loot to make it a viable strategy. PUBG is a slower paced game, but similar to Apex it is best to get into fights but only if you finish them very quickly because third partying is your biggest threat. Difference is PUBG is just on a larger scale with less dynamic options due to less mobility options and hero moves.

Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking. 
                        >Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
                            #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
                            Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
                    What absolutely turned me on to this game was the ping system. I had no idea how useful that shit was until I used it... a complete game-changer for me.
                Building is such a strange concept to me for an action shooter. It’s what has kept me from ever playing Fortnite. I’m glad Apex came out because I finally get to play a BR game and I’m loving it! 
                    I feel the same. For me is much more satisfying dodging bullets and outplaying the enemy with the buildings/environment than building your way though it. 
                The building is very clunky as a mechanic, it's almost like it's found its way into the metagame, but it got away from them on the design side. I can build a bit myself and edit ok, but mechanically editing is a terrible design (how it works with the buttons etc). I respect everyone that learned to do it well, but it is not a transferable skill whatsoever to other games so I sort of found perfecting it as a waste of energy for me personally.
                    I can’t do it and don’t see myself learning either. I will say though that watching people who can do it is very impressive. I played with this guy couple days ago who was an incredible builder and it was to the point where I would rather my character be dead so I could just watch him play lol. Dude carries us to a couple wins in squads by himself. Doubt I’ll ever play w/ him again though after the pitiful display I put on the couple times he died before me and he watched me get wrecked. 
                I couldn't get into building either. My step daughter loved that aspect though. Duo's with her are a blast. "I'm taking fire from the east, sweety. Requesting fortification of or AO immediately!"

I swear playing with her is the only way I can get more than a couple kills.
            Yeah everyone that plays PUBG has been lamenting how terrible the game is from a technical standpoint. I still think PUBG is a really fun game, and the "quirks" were excusable 2 years ago when they were a small indie team overwhelmed by the massive success, but two years on and many of the same issues are still a huge problem, which is insane for a game making that much money.

It was a matter of time before a game came along that was smooth, fun and had all these quality of life things that PUBG is sorely lacking.
                Shows how bad that game is, designed. They need a FULL redesign and launch to fix that mess.
                    If they built PUBG 2 from the ground up it would be amazing. The thing these other BR games lack is the sense of being on a HUGE island or map with vast fields and forests. Also I love the building designs and details like trash inside of the old houses. Blackout is like an arcade machine version of PUBG which isn't bad but doesn't have the downtime or adventurous feeling that PUBG does. 
                        i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
                            [deleted]
                I actually don't care about the quirks.  Pubg just takes too long
                    Right. I can get 10 matches in after work of Apex. Or 4 good matches of pub.
                        Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
                        This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
                            Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
                            The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
                    You could have an entire satisfying match in AL by the time you've finished looting in the average game of PUBG.
                Isnt the developers Bluehole? It's not like it is their first big game either.
                    It's not? I honestly don't know anything about them.

Whatever the reason is it does feel like the games original code was a piece of crap and they've never managed to refactor it and make it smooth, just patchwork ontop of existing code to put out fires for 2 years straight.
                        They made Tera, too.
                            Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
                            Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
                The tricky thing about "fixing quirks" in a massively-successful game is potentially turning away the player base that made it successful...

"The devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't know".
                Try ring of elysium. It's what pubg should have been after all this time. 
            As someone that played cod since its inception as a pc only title it still blows my mind that MW2 is regarded as a high standard for games...it was an absolute abortion that many in the cod community that played since the beginning marked as the beginning of the decline into a crappy perk filled game that catered to the lowest common denominator...but at this point maybe im just old guy yelling at kids to get off my lawn...
        I think you're suffering from the modern condition of "holy shit so much is happening last week feels like last month"

Last year this time fortnite had been out for 5 months and pubg was about to hit a year (and pubg really only spiked in popularity towards the end of the summer).
        I never understood this. 

We’ve literally played the same Shoot, Die, Respawn game modes for over 15 years (TDM, Obj base modes) with literally little to no changes in them. 

We’re not even 2 years in to the BR scene and people think it’s going to get stale or bland. 

Nahhhh. BR is here to STAY. It’s only going to evolve and grow. Just like Apex has evolved it something else will eventually come along and evolve it even more. 

If we can play the same TDM for 15 years we gonna keep playing BR. It’s literally still a baby in the gaming industry. 

So people need to stop “predicting” BR is going to go away or fall off. Cuz it’s not. 

/ end rant 
        The problem with me last year is we had PUBG and fortnite. Two games that cater to two extremes game play wise, with fortnite being the super cartoony game and pubg being an ultra realistic ARMA spinoff. 

For a long time i've wanted some "middle ground" game that would be more laid back than pubg but not as not serious as fortnite. Something that was somewhat realisticish but not super realistic, but something far more "casual" than pubg. You know, something like a typical AAA game. I figured there was room for some AAA developer to make a really good BR game that would knock it out of the park. I didnt expect respawn to make one based on titanfall, i was thinking more along the lines of BF5 or COD...and we did get blackout, which was okay but still not great. 

When respawn came out with a titanfall oriented one i was like holy crap because titanfall has some of the best mechanics of any game going. I never understood why it isnt more popular. It completely wrecks COD as a franchise, and making a titanfall BR game? YES PLEASE.

So honestly i think titanfall got in on a niche few others really attempted. A "middle ground" BR game that isnt super cartoony nor hyper realistic that occupies the middle ground between the two...while made by an AAA developer so its not a broken mess like, for example, pubg. And they hit it out of the park. 
        Osu player spotted outside of natural habitat
        To be fair, how is Apex different?  I guess the class system? To me, Apex is successful because they took all of the "traditional" BR systems and just... did them better.
            Well I can't speak for everyone, but personally I like the fact that it's fast-paced and games don't feel like they take a long time to start. I know the reason for the latter one is that loading is mostly covered by the class/squad/champion screens but I like it.

My biggest complaint in PUBG/BR in general was the downtime between matches and it's much faster in Apex to get into a new one. I didn't play PUBG enough to know much about the bugs and such, maybe if I did I'd think of them as the worse thing about it.

I'm indifferent about the class system, I'd probably enjoy the game even if it wasn't a thing, but it's a nice touch. The respawn system is also a fun addition, because if you die you're not necessarily out yet and aren't forced to wait in the main menu for a while again. The ping system is really useful especially if you're a mostly solo queue player like me.
    >Halo crowd aren't excited about the idea of it

Neither are the devs. No BR coming to Halo yet it seems.
        Maybe the success of Apex would change that. Apex warmed up the audience for a lot of FPS games to adapt BR. 
    As a Halo fanboy I've been hoping for a Halo BR since PUBG
        Didn’t halo say no a few months ago to that?
            Which is a shame. The Halo community rejects the idea of a Halo BR game so hard. If friggin Titanfall can do it well then so can Halo which has the exact mechanics needed for a BR game. Just like a Battlefield BR, Halo Br is something I've been looking forward too and my dreams had been crushed because the Halo community is too good for a BR when it would be fun.
        it would be better than the warzone mode, which could easily be turned into a battle royale
            It would be completely different and not really comparable to warzone.
        Me too. I've played soo much halo and I want a game with transferrable skills because I'm too old to master new games overnight like I used too. Fuck, I picked up the game last week and I'm playing people with 2200 kills already? Who has the time for that?? Confession, I used to play COD for 3-5 hours a day in high school so I guess I can answer that question myself...

    CoD crowd was very excited for it.

Lul 
        There was definitely a split in their audience. I think they had at least some openness to new ideas though because they're not alien to the concept of cod being different genres. Zombies is basically CoD but in a completely different sub-genre.
            a 95-5 split in favor of a BR-mode, sure. Hardpressed to say there was more dissent than that.
    I think Battle Royale games are closer to the Arena Shooter genre than Titanfall 2 or Call of Duty.

I’m not sure what to call loadout based Call of Duty-esque shooters, but a defining quality of arena shooters has always been spawning players with next to nothing and making them fight for resources on the map. BR merely made the maps bigger to accommodate more players, and turn off respawning.
    As a diehard Halo fan I’d actually be super down for a Halo BR, Warzone proved that large scale Halo can work and I think that placing that type of large scale sandbox experience in a BR game would be fucking amazing.

The only issue is that they’d have to add Sprint 😉
    Titanfall isn't an arena shooter lol
    Well, to be frank, I don't think most of the people playing this are Titanfall players, since neither Titanfall game was a huge success. And the same goes for Fortnite. It's not the same audience.
        Exactly, show the wrong audience a game idea and their response will always be "meh".
        I loved Titanfall 1 but never played 2 despite hearing how good it is
            Pick it up for cheap now. Campaign still worth it.
            Absolutely still worth it, the campaign was widely revered to be one of the best of all time, albeit entirely too short. And the movement mechanics in multiplayer have a learning curve that, when understood (not even mastered), are addicting. Flying across the map with the help of your tether will never get to be an old feeling, never mind what you can do while you're flying.

Plus, if you're not that great, there's npcs running around to kill, so you still feel like you're doing something to help the team
        Titanfall 1 sold over 10 million while being an Xbox exclusive when PS4 was a much larger market. That's an insane success. Titanfall 2 still sold over 4 million despite the release date competition. That's much better numbers than 99% of games, so I dont know what your metric of success is...
    I would play a street fighter rpg, I think it would be fun. I wouldnt like it as a replacement for a street fighter fighting game. Although with 5 being trash I might welcome it. Titanfall fans want titanfall 3 not a battle royale in the titanfall universe, as fun of an experience as it is. 
isn't "unintentional leak" (in this context) an oxymoron?
    A manufactured leak might be a better term. 
Honestly, I think it was a low key marketing test to see how general reception would be

---
"Let's just throw a small tease and see how it goes." - Respawn

"***FUCK OFF!***"

"Aaaaaand, let's just not announce anything until we launch it." - Respawn
What is a desired effect? I assume if this be true they just intended to gauge the reaction and it might have played a role in the way they released and marketed the game. It is all personal assumption though, so don't quote me on that. 
    That's a good point, the muted response could have played a part in announcing the game immediately before the release to make sure there wasn't backlash before people could play it. 
        RESPAWN SMAHRT
            Respahrt.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'RESPAWN SMAHRT'. To learn more about me, check out this )^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/78ilq0).
    You're correct, it's market research. The negative reaction from Titanfall fans may have also played into how they branded the game under a new name.
It reminds me of when someone got fired from Bethesda and went onto the Fallout subreddit and leaked all the details about Fallout 4 before release and everyone there didn't believe him/her and said none of the game ideas would make sense and would be stupid.
No wonder they were so hush about the release.
The desired effect was to see if it received a positive or negative reaction.  
  
Had it been positive, the marketing strategy would probably have been different. 
The devs leaked it to test wether they should announce the game or launch it the way they did now.
    Certainly possible, or if it wasn’t deliberate they probably saw the reactions and that was part of why they stayed completely silent until launch.
Or maybe it was, to drive attention away from these theories and leaks because they thought “oh these silly people with their leaks, ima just ignore it”

⠐⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠂ ⠄⠄⣰⣾⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣆⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⡀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠋⣉⣉⣉⡉⠙⠻⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣇⠔⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⢉⣤⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠹⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⠃⠄⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⡿⠁⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⠄⠄⣠⣄⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⢀⡴⠚⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⢠⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠃⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⠴⠋⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠈⠁⠄⠄⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⢶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⢀⣾⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⣠⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠈⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣆⠈⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⣉⣤⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠠⠺⣷⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⣿⣿⣦⣄⣈⣉⣉⣉⣡⣤⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠉⠁⣀⣼⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣾⣿⣿⡿⠟⠄⠄ ⠠⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
> :D

This makes you punchable.
This thread is rough!

Alleged Minimap for Rumored Titanfall Battle Royal Game https://reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/85t21q/alleged_minimap_for_rumored_titanfall_battle/
I believe the "no marketing" strategy was probably decided upon after testing the waters with leaks.

After realising the community was going to be resistant/negative about it the logical path to take is to not stir them up. Communities build massive amounts of negativity all by themselves, the audience could have written off the idea before it was even in their hands.

By taking the no marketing approach to it they essentially created a situation where people actually tried the game before drawing any impressions at all. They didn't allow the audience to reject it before even trying it.

It worked. It was a smart play. You see it a lot with games that are controversial, even good games, they're dead on arrival because the audience rejects it before even launching.
    [removed]
        > It was the polish.

*Crashes for third time today*

Jokes aside, I agree. But I think "fun" is a more appropriate term, the game is still in dire need of polish both in terms of balance and in terms of stability, it's just very much fun. People are patiently waiting for polish and playing in spite of issues because it's still fun in spite of issues.
            Hey, if you're still crashing, have a look at your texture budget in game. We've got a small group of like 10 of us that play. Maybe 3-4 were having issues and we've spent the last week or so looking all kinds of random different settings. We've removed skins, updated drivers, rolled back drivers, moved pagefiles, reinstalled the game, etc... with no luck. Just recently 2 or 3 of them updated their texture budget setting in game and set the FPS lock launch command in the game settings on origin and haven't seen any crashes in 2-3 days. We're still not 100% sure if that's actually what fixed it, but not having crashed in 2-3 when it was multiple times every day is something!
                This is what fixed it for me.  

I was having issues with dropping frames, and my game crashed all the time. The first 40 hours was just me trying to optimize my game and playtesting without going into launch commands and potentially messing up my game.  

Then I watched the variety streamer Jericho go through the same issues. Now granted, he was streaming and using a high quality camera and greenscreen overlay, but he has a  2080 Ti graphics card. He should have been having those issues.  

He did +max_fps 60, and the stream gameplay went from literally unwatchable to smooth as hell on max graphics. His CPU went from 99% down to 60%, with everything else running in the background.

 Sure enough, when I did the same, I was able to have the smoothest jump launches and gameplay since I got the game. 

Now I'm not exactly a computer expert, but I'm pretty sure it all stems from the fact that this game is run on the Source Engine.

Yup, trusty old Source. 

3kliksphillip did a video a while back about the CSGO Battle Royale mode that came out a few months ago, and the challenges in creating a BR map in the source engine, which you can watch here: https://youtu.be/EYDaIKIoOkw

Now, if we take what we learn from that video, and apply it to Apex, it's actually pretty easy to see the "rooms" of the map, with all the high cliffs and plateaus.

The downside to this, though, is that unlike Blacksite, the Apex legend map is much larger, and has larger rooms, thus you have all the "rooms" loading in at once when you are your squad first dive out of the plane, or upzip and travel to another "room". The Source Engine does not like this, and it puts a huge load on your setup to compensate for it. As is evident, even the best setups are going to have trouble running the game like that and not drop frames/crash.


Also, I guess that source engines have had trouble with in-game adaptive frame locks in the past and that it doesn't really work with in-game menus?  I'm not sure on this part since I got this specific part from Jericho's discovery with his setup.

 At any rate, the constant calculations and graphical compensations could be adding to the load in its own way, especially when its also trying to load the game assets in as well. The adaptive frame rate may not be a good idea for a BR source game.

Regardless, the launch option forces a certain amount of frames, so instead of trying to render in at once in 150-200 fps spikes and failing, it loads in at a rate that your system can more easily manage.


Again, working theory, but it's making more and more sense to me as I think about it more and more. 

                Thank you guys for your tests and time! 
            The crashing thing is going to be hard to replicate in house before releasing it, you just can't account for all the differing PC configurations out there.  Crashing should get better over time, I'm guessing there are a few core issues causing most of them, they just happen often (hopefully).
                Yup, people who don't crash just never crashes for hundreds of hours, it's very configuration specific that's why the devs posted asking people to send their logs and hardware configuration.
        Apex would be D.O.A if it was hyped. There are a lot of people out there that make a living destroying other peoples works and careers just to make a few youtube bucks. Like that guy with 40 videos in a row bashing anthem. Like 1 video enough got his point across 40 videos latter you just tryna get paid dude. Like now you are no better than the guys who got a little youtube fame bashing solja boy then kept doing it to not lose viewers. I can see the videos now. Theres only 1 game mode, the character abilities are not very useful, only 60 players. Its like titan fall lite. the ttk is to long. Hit boxes are broken, game constantly crashes. The peace keeper is op. Gilbrator sucks. Cosmetics are only decent I don't feel a need to spend money on them. Cosmetics cost to much. Hur hur hur this game is bad watch my video. Don't forget to like and leave a comment and smash that subscribe button. At beast apex woulda did as good as free realms with that kind of negativity. 
    The reason I think the "no marketing" strat worked so well here was because it made it look like this was a little side project they've been working on instead of something they've poured months of dedicated development into. I imagine a lot of TF2 fans would be a lot less happy with Apex if they were hearing for 11 months about how Respawn wasn't working on their game.
[deleted]
    Any title done this way would need to make some kind of noticeable splash on delivery. If they'd just silently pushed Apex out on Origin without mentioning it anywhere or having someone else push/vouch for it, it wouldn't have become this big this fast, if at all.

HL3 would, but there's half a world of gamers waiting for that.
"Fortnite killer" lol. I'd be surprised if there was much more than a blip in the player numbers.
I mean, it enters the concept into conversation
you are correct but you say that's "unfinished" but to me that looks like it's identical to the map we have now .
Haha. Ofcourse, and to top that they could make it team/squad based. pffff
    And they might remove titans altogether and go an Overwatch/Sieged route with heroes abilities, meh. 
        Now listen here you little shit


            https://media.giphy.com/media/l41YdsBZC6Im0L8cM/giphy.gif
        There are abilities in TF2. Mirage is literally one of them. Same with Wraith's, or something very similar. And Pathfinder's grapple. Probably more too. I haven't played TF2 in a while.
            Bloodhound is kinda like the sonar knife. In TF2, it's a knife that you throw to reveal everything in the surrounding area.
                Yeah, the only tacticals we don't have from Tf2 yet are cloak stim and a-wall. The other four are in the game just watered down. I imagine they'll eventually implement all the tacticals in some way down the road.
                Damn, the more I hear of all these cool items in TF2, the more I wanna check it out. Like that gravity bomb/black hole thing (sorry, dont know the name) i saw in a video that was warping bullet's paths. They seem to have some interesting mechanics in their multiplayer.
                    Hell yeah. [Here's](https://youtu.be/Ekhg7ZiXB_I) a video of a guy curving Kraber shots with a Gravity Star. There's some really cool loadouts that you can do too. I really like using the EVA-8 with a grappling hook, or an Alternator with the stimpack.

If you do decide to check it out (the game comes included with Origin Access for like, $4 a month), keep in mind that lots of the weapons are different than in Apex. The Alternator and Mozambique are actually pretty good, especially with the run and gun perk.

The multiplayer is still pretty active, albeit with a fairly harsh learning curve due to lots of veteran players, but you should catch on quickly. I'd also highly recommend the campaign. Along with DOOM and Wolfenstein, it's probably the best FPS campaign in recent years.
        Rainbow six siege has hero abilities? I knew they had characters to unlock but honestly I thought it was just cosmetics. I thought every player was the same, and just used guns.
            Operators have a different weapon pool and abilities.
                overwatch gets the comparison but this game is way closer to siege in terms of its hero shooter elements 
            They are called operators and have special abilities and specific guns/attachments. It's an operato (hero) based tactical shooter.
            No the whole point of the different operators is that each has a unique ability or gadget, from bear traps to drones that can shock you. Also, each operator gets access to a unique selection of weapons.
            Get siege! Slightly toxic community but TOTALLY worth it!
                It's like the most toxic shooter out in wdym *slightly*
                    I’ve been lucky enough to have never experienced someone be more toxic than an accidental teamkill and I’ve played since beta. However I HAVE heard about other people’s experiences.
            Nah, they each have there own gadgets and some have passives that counter other operaters
    No solo queue lmao game is already dead
To be fair, if they said they were adding the devotion but making the first couple rounds kick like a mule, the TF2 community would give Respawn a standing ovation
Really they just need to change it from 3 shot to 2. That will force Mozambique mains to be more careful with their shots and should fix any balance problems.
Hey how is everyone putting their preferred apex characters at the end of their names?
    On the desktop version of the site, there's a check box over on the right hand side under the subscriber count that says 'show flair.' Make sure that's checked then hit the 'edit' button next to your name in that section
    On mobile, go to the subreddit and click on the 3 dots on the right. Then select choose use flair 
Hey yo what the fuck is lifeline. Is that some Titanfall thing? 
Big mistake, level tree.
[deleted]
    Hes in it for the revenge of his fallen comrades 
        Revenge for his brothers stolen arc welder or whatever
            those things can be real expensive yo
No answer. We gottem boys
    **CHANGE MY STATE OF MIND**
        I propose a very slow death.....with a Mozambique.
            Is there any other kind of death with a Mozambique?
                non-death
                    Deathn't
                    Which actually is the slowest of deaths...
                Let's hop into Titanfall 2 and I'll show you just how heinous the Mozambique can be.
                    I love how people with caustic flair comment as if they were in character, always so concise and confident, almost provocative. Uhh I meant to say I love death, life sucks, gas is fun.
                You can very easily break a toe when you throw it to the ground in disgust. That might cause you to trip and fall somewhere. 
            REMINDME! 100 years “it’ll take that long for Mozambique”
            They'll die of old age before the Mozambique would kill them.
            Throwing the Mozambique gun at him does higher damage than the actual gun.
        **LOVES SO HARD TO FIND**
            **YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER**
        I'm a rocket engineer, not a brain surgeon
    Bake em away, toys
Ladies and Gentlemen, we got him
    [Here is the actual source if anyone still wondering](https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/)
        Jeez, they just laid it all to bare and hardly anyone knew
            Also, he says "Here's a photo of **one** of our map**s**"


So definitely they got some more maps in the works. Also apparently there was a mass exodus on the star wars team at respawn. So not a good sign for the respawn star wars game(EA, you fuck it).



                > So definitely they got some more maps in the works. 

It's reasonable to assume we will get more maps unless they do what Fortnite does and alter the one they have. However, just because it was planned at the time doesn't mean it's proof there will be multiple maps. Stuff gets dropped and adjusted all the time 
                    I'm glad people are still speculating on stuff that the devs have already confirmed are coming. Keep it up everyone! 
                They're announcing something related to Jedi Fallen Order in Star Wars Celebration next month so I doubt they're cancelling it. It's probably close to being done since Chris Avellone (Kotor 2, Fallout New Vegas) apparently worked on and finished working on it.
        “One of our maps” makes me excited
            Oh, it's obvious there will be more maps. When looking at the friend list on Playstation, it says something like "Playing Apex Legends | King's Canyon."

Also the devs and CEO said there will be more maps a while ago.
                Angel City or we RIOT
                    A full city to fight in, full sized, 60 people, futuristic sky scrapers and other areas... Omfg yes
                        Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

                I think they need a quick improvement on their friends list. Just so you can check recent players/team members and be able to add them. Also be able to do it from the end game screen. 


Unless I’m missing something and have been taking the long route of remembering someone’s name and then searching for their GT..
            I noticed he talked about how titans were in early versions of testing, but removed, which I had read before. However "There is a variation but mostly just for transportation" makes me wonder if that might come in a later update!
                I think it's pretty sure that one of the new characters in the future will have ultimate ability which summons titan (maybe not "full sized" titan but...) for a set amount of time. Just wait. 
                    This seems like the thread to drop this nugget into, so a friend in the industry told me that an IMC stalker will be released as one of the upcoming legends. Current plans are an ult that allows for a reaper to be called in. They're not all in agreement on how to balance just yet (lower hp or very limited in deployment time) but that's about all that needs to be worked out. 🤫
                        Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
        >Literally they're making a battle royal mode and put TF3 on hold till  next year. Mode is called Apex. Open beta out July/August. Questions?  
>  
>– 11 months ago

*no response*
            There were a bunch of responses 
        [deleted]
            >	Max exodus on the star wars team. Literally all their leads quit last week. Other than that.... ehhh could be worse.


:(
            Welcome to 4chan
        I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease
            I've never read something that made me feel this flavour of discomfort before..
                I just polished my grapple to it.
                Are you sure the flavor is discomfort and not something else?
                4chan in a nutshell. Not that I hate it, but I don't exactly like it either. 
            Nice you just copied the comment in the link above, 10 points for creativity
                Never said it was mine. Probably should've put it in a quote though.

My bad.
            After Apex Legends doing so well, Titanfall 3 has potential to sell a lot of copies. A lot of people are playing Respawn's game, and a lot of people are very happy with their experiences so they're more likely to buy a game from that developer. 

It's not exactly a hard and fast rule but Respawn and the Titanfall world is seeing a lot of attention which usually translates to more sales, which they 100% deserve 
        I like how he starts out with "sources in the industry" and then just says "we" everytime after that. Was a developer the whole time
        “One of our maps”
        From the comments in your source - "I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease"

Let's not get technical here guys... whomever wrote this better suck it!
        Wow that's really interesting to read. With the guy being so open and detailed I seriously wouldn't have believed him. I'd think a real leaker would try to be more subtle to not give themselves away
        [deleted]
            [Here is the screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/KOlYMDW.png)
        Holy crap....I'm surprised that information didn't get more wide spread.
    Mod confirmed Respawn Employee? 
        I wish
            Can you please give us night time or weather effects?
                No, but I can stand next to you while blowing really hard to simulate a wind storm while you play.
            Where did you find this originally???
                https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
    ###GOTTEM
    YOU WERE A CLOCK⏰
This should do it: While we're all enjoying Apex, Respawn has shut down most servers for Titanfall 1 and there's a hacker ruining the fun on the last remaining ones.
    Big Oof here, level 3
        Dibs
            **D E E B S**
            Thanks

        I could use that. 
        Dibs
        Deebs 
        That's mine
        I need that 
        I need it!
    How do you know that? Hmm??

&#x200B;
        Try playing a game of Titanfall 1 on PC, I dare you.
            I tried it didnt go so well
                I joined the game and a man appeared behind my chair and whispered "git gud noob" in my ear before he moonwalked out and hit my dog.
    Hackers on dead games piss me off so much. Killed one of my favourite multiplayer shooters, Black Ops 2.  
        Black ops 2 is actually not bad on Xbox rn since it went backwards compatible
            Nice. I play PC though and multiplayer has been killed by hackers. At least Black Ops 1 has dedicated servers with admins so it’s fine. Zombies on BO2 is great though and still really active (you can somehow find games for all maps!) so I can’t complain too much
        they fixed the movement bug but still hella aimbotters
            Every game is just 2 people shooting walls getting headshots with every bullet, real annoying. At least zombies is still good though
    Real shit? Not that I ever played TF1, but is this actually true?
        Why did you never play TF1? It was **ART**
            Never either had the PC for it or I felt like it was too late to buy the game since it had passed its "prime".
                It was sad how quickly it died... :(
Dibs 
    \*exchanges it with a mozambique\*
        You talkin mad shit for someone in Mozambique range
            Whatever. The Zique shoots airsoft pellets
    *runs to it and takes it before you anyways*




A respawn employee leaked it on 4chan nearly a year ago.
    Link?
        https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
            Wow! So much detail too. 3 man squads, 60 players, no titans. But there is a variation where titans are used as transport. 

So interesting. 
                He even says the name: Apex. It's an incredibly candid and thorough leak
                    Meh, I'll call it a wild guess.
                        he got lucky lol
                Yesterday shroud was getting frustrated that someone in his chat badmouthed Respawn, so he said something along the lines of: “They have some crazy stuff planned. I playtested stuff that isn’t even in this build”
                AND ALSO TITAN FALL 3 NEXT YEAR
                    So glad everyone's seeing Respawn's game design because of Apex, Titanfall 2 was one of the most balanced and well designed games I've ever played and I feel like it's really underrated. Free monthly DLC, almost every weapon is viable while still having their quirks, and the weird weapons are still great if you get good at them. A well balanced point system for each game type along with the AI enemies that make the 6v6 on a huge map feel more alive. Then, upping the classes to have a secondary + an anti-titan weapon, changing classes during the game, and I believe it was the first game I played that had weapon levels (both BF and CoD have weapon levels now). To top it all off, they managed to design two maps in one for every map that work well separately and include plenty of places for good crossover between titans and pilots. I'm pumped for Titanfall 3 and for people to finally notice Titanfall. Titanfall 2 lived up to the idea I had of Titanfall back when I first heard of it in like 2013. 
                        Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
            [deleted]
                Depends, sometimes leaks comes from directly from the studio to build hype.  And sometimes   leakers get fired and blacklisted by companies for spilling secrets.
                    We never hear about the aftermath of leaking, hmmm, any sources?
                        I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
He knows a guy
His Uncle works for Nintendo.
The hacker known as 4chan
Thank you.
    You can thank me by playing some games with me. I'm SlippyStair at Origin
        I'm not sure if I should be concerned with your username or not
            U should, or else you’ll slip down the stairs. 
>brother

brudda*
    Change to the Lifeline flair
        Bangalore flair here! 

Level tree!
            *COME AND GET YA BIRTHDAY PRESENTS*
                "Backpack here, leather one"

I hear this every time
We can't, but we can laugh it off watching the comments. Someone just said it was fake and got a gold and two silvers for some reason, and another one said they would play the shit out of it and now they probably are. 
/r/UnexpectedSCP
He meant to say: by the giant lizard spaghetti monster.
the 2 giant lizards we see now, one is literally over the top of the water treatment's northside lol
    Those are the m o y a i
        Look at the *moyai* sway 
        🗿 
    They're called The Boys, and they're wonderful. 
        Möiai
    The penis heads?
    You mean the weird swingy ballsack monsters? 
        They're called the m o y a i
    There is also an Easter egg giant lizard in swamps 
oh for real? there was a thread posted at the time trashing the guy because no one believed theyd reuse part of the old map like they did. I wasn't referring to gaming outlets, just what happened on reddit
    Idk, I'm talking about [this old map leak](http://assets.vg247.com/current//2016/04/Red-Dead-Redemption-2-map-leak-hi-res.jpg) which was pretty heavily reported on and generally regarded as possibly true. Whoever was so quick to dismiss that guy you're talking about was an idiot.
That gave me a good chuckle
u/Revokedpower 
    He’s dead, Jim.
    Doesn't seem to be active anymore...
        Looks like his power has been... revoked
            YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH
The funny part about that is that Titanfall already had it's own dinosaur-esque animals in it.
    It's literally the same creature in both Titanfall and Apex lmao
        The m o y a i also appeared on Titanfall? I only played Tf2 and don't remember them :(
Yeah, like if I were to fake a screenshot for karma, I sure as hell wouldn't put weird shit into it so people would instantly call me out.
/u/ThaiMylace how do you feel about this now?
    >I have put too much time into the game so far, my prejudice was very wrong
        nice!!
        Did you ever think your pessimistic, negative comments on a small post would reap you hundreds of upvotes 11 months later? 
            Although he got some negative comments too :(
                >some

You should see my inbox lmao
                Because people like him are the problem for "outrages" in reveals these days. Ex. BFV suffered a toxic pre-launch community, but they didn't turn positive like the Apex community has, instead running it into the ground and yelling at the devs when they made TTK balancing. Or Diablo, a game that many play when bored, having a spinoff made for the-platform-you-play-when-you're-bored: mobile. Can only hope people see sense through this mess once that releases.. :/
        I respect a guy who isn't afraid to admit defeat 
        I really just wanna rub it in your face that this game was good, but not as much as I'm just happy you are enjoying it when you thought you wouldn't. 
    Silver if he/she ~~doesnt~~ repl~~y~~ies
        RemindMe! 2 Days "Pay up"
            look now
And looking at his comment history, he plays apex now, the circle is now complete.
    hahaha, reddit is one weird place.
        Nah, people just think they know more than they actually do.
that was from around the time when the 'dae fortnite is bad' circlejerk was at its peak i think
    When I first looked at Apex Legends my first reaction was "Damn, yet another uninspired battle royale game.. But how does it have so many viewers?", so I tried it myself and I am not regretting, it really stands out
        it stands out because its a good game, thats literally all there is to it haha. from what i've seen of 99% of BR games they are all poorly made/poorly balanced/unoriginal or all of the above

apex is made by respawn, who are the people who made titanfall which has some of the best and smoothest movement in any shooters i've ever seen, and they are the people who made cod4 which has some of the crispest shooting and is basically the godfather of modern shooters
    It was pretty easy to be cynical about BRs at that time.
[deleted]
    11 months ago
>couldnt care less about br mode games sorry. 

16 days ago
>Caustic is so badass looking
        Well, Yeah I mean... He is so sick looking
Are you sure? Which ones? I don't see any that I recognize.
    Airbase, Runoff and Swampland were all in Titanfall.
        Ah that explains it. I only ever played TF2. Thanks for the info.
            [removed]
"other BRs don't do this"

&#x200B;

BO4 tho
    Bo4 didn't tie it together well though 
    BO4 just smacks grass and trees in between everything. 
Aside from BO4, other BR games didn't have the multiplayer "mini maps" from past games. 
    Realm Royals did this. Less popular, but they took maps and textures from Paladins to make their BR game.
Have you played battle royal in black ops? They put a bunch of different maps from over the years. So you can drop in to firing range and other classics. 
Sounds like ~~Reddit~~ gamers
    Sounds ~~like Reddit gamers~~
Let's face it there is more of a miasma of hate in any subreddit that's centered around gaming. Gaming and politics.
How does it feel being upvoted for saying the game will suck, and now getting upvoted for saying the game is good?
    Contradictory, I bet.
Love this response.
[deleted]
    Yes I know, at the time I was unsure whether it was real or fake but I always thought the scaling for places like “Arena” and “Market” were off. Being that it was a work-in-progress stuff like this would be expected since everything turned out fine in the final game.
I am not involved in development or software at all, but I agree 100%. When you have too many cooks in the kitchen, no one is happy. 
If they had marketed it beforehand people would've jumped on the hate train just for the sake of hating. 
Sigh... I miss wall running
No not really, I'm just curious what he thinks in hindsight
It’s almost as if people can have opinions that change once new data gets thrown into the mix.
[deleted]
    Weird alien underground hydrology.
        A spring.
            *Weird alien underground hydrology*
                ***A spring.***
                    Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
                        A ^spring.
    Dude, come on, how does [this](https://i.imgur.com/Ty9ceCA.jpg) make water?
        With enough of them underground, they can effectively push the water up! Causing a river.
            /r/shittyaskscience/
I’m pretty sure both rivers run from the lake to the ocean. So does the stream in the desert; the waterfall off of Viking just ended up nowhere before it froze 
Right, but not in this map. They're running from the ocean at the end of slums which is built physically on top of the river through to the ocean by treatment.
I broke the dam
    No, I broke the dam
I want this Street Fighter RPG you speak of
And besides, I believe many people felt like BR games were getting a bit bland 10-12 months ago. Games like Fortnite had their own mechanics that made them unique, but generally there are/were a lot of BR games that just weren't terribly interesting.

Maybe it's just how I felt about it because I hadn't actively played any BR before Apex, but to me it felt like many people started getting tired of games getting a BR mode/BR games coming out just because "yay BR" and didn't do much to make their mode unique.
    Battle royale has been desperately waiting for someone with a decent pedigree to make a great first person version. I remember when first playing and enjoying pubg with all its short comings that once someone made a 'good' (read 'cod mw2 good') version of this game mode it's going to blow up. 

Fortnite was the closest thing there was, albeit third person and the building isn't for everyone. I'm thoroughly enjoying Apex and am glad it's finally here.

Edit: Thanks for the gold! 
        I loved the first season of fortnite. Before everyone realized that building was the way to win fights. The building mechanic was mostly just to make ramps to get on top of buildings and to make a tower for final circle. But I never caught on to building in a fight (aka I sucked at it) and I lost interest. Pubg was fun but soo campy. Apex feels like the best of both
            This is exactly how I feel.

In PUBG games are too slowly paced, and they punish you for enjoying the game and engaging in fights that aren't snipe fests. Armor and helmets have durability, TTK is very low in close quarters, and there's significantly less mobility to try and Dodge shots. You're encouraged to take the "bathroom strat" of waiting upstairs in a building and trying to pick people off from a distance.

In Fortnite the game is too frantic, if you don't know how to build in seconds while others are attacking you there's no chance of victory. The only way you can win is if you're better at playing Sim City than everyone else in the game with you. 

In Apex they did a good job of getting the right TTK and weapon balance so that people aren't encouraged to camp or sit somewhere sniping the whole game. There's also no need to learn an entire second game besides the FPS portion. It's just good fun, and it really rewards good teamwork while simultaneously providing the tools to make that happen (the ping system).
                I find sniping in Apex to be nearly useless. If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them. It's occasionally good when initiating, but it's almost always better to have a different weapon.
                    I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
                        I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
                        
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


                    > If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
                        >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
                In first person the people camping bathrooms rarely won because you typically wouldn't come across enough loot to make it a viable strategy. PUBG is a slower paced game, but similar to Apex it is best to get into fights but only if you finish them very quickly because third partying is your biggest threat. Difference is PUBG is just on a larger scale with less dynamic options due to less mobility options and hero moves.

Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking. 
                    >Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
                        #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
                        Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
                What absolutely turned me on to this game was the ping system. I had no idea how useful that shit was until I used it... a complete game-changer for me.
            Building is such a strange concept to me for an action shooter. It’s what has kept me from ever playing Fortnite. I’m glad Apex came out because I finally get to play a BR game and I’m loving it! 
                I feel the same. For me is much more satisfying dodging bullets and outplaying the enemy with the buildings/environment than building your way though it. 
            The building is very clunky as a mechanic, it's almost like it's found its way into the metagame, but it got away from them on the design side. I can build a bit myself and edit ok, but mechanically editing is a terrible design (how it works with the buttons etc). I respect everyone that learned to do it well, but it is not a transferable skill whatsoever to other games so I sort of found perfecting it as a waste of energy for me personally.
                I can’t do it and don’t see myself learning either. I will say though that watching people who can do it is very impressive. I played with this guy couple days ago who was an incredible builder and it was to the point where I would rather my character be dead so I could just watch him play lol. Dude carries us to a couple wins in squads by himself. Doubt I’ll ever play w/ him again though after the pitiful display I put on the couple times he died before me and he watched me get wrecked. 
            I couldn't get into building either. My step daughter loved that aspect though. Duo's with her are a blast. "I'm taking fire from the east, sweety. Requesting fortification of or AO immediately!"

I swear playing with her is the only way I can get more than a couple kills.
        Yeah everyone that plays PUBG has been lamenting how terrible the game is from a technical standpoint. I still think PUBG is a really fun game, and the "quirks" were excusable 2 years ago when they were a small indie team overwhelmed by the massive success, but two years on and many of the same issues are still a huge problem, which is insane for a game making that much money.

It was a matter of time before a game came along that was smooth, fun and had all these quality of life things that PUBG is sorely lacking.
            Shows how bad that game is, designed. They need a FULL redesign and launch to fix that mess.
                If they built PUBG 2 from the ground up it would be amazing. The thing these other BR games lack is the sense of being on a HUGE island or map with vast fields and forests. Also I love the building designs and details like trash inside of the old houses. Blackout is like an arcade machine version of PUBG which isn't bad but doesn't have the downtime or adventurous feeling that PUBG does. 
                    i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
                        [deleted]
            I actually don't care about the quirks.  Pubg just takes too long
                Right. I can get 10 matches in after work of Apex. Or 4 good matches of pub.
                    Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
                    This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
                        Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
                        The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
                You could have an entire satisfying match in AL by the time you've finished looting in the average game of PUBG.
            Isnt the developers Bluehole? It's not like it is their first big game either.
                It's not? I honestly don't know anything about them.

Whatever the reason is it does feel like the games original code was a piece of crap and they've never managed to refactor it and make it smooth, just patchwork ontop of existing code to put out fires for 2 years straight.
                    They made Tera, too.
                        Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
                        Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
            The tricky thing about "fixing quirks" in a massively-successful game is potentially turning away the player base that made it successful...

"The devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't know".
            Try ring of elysium. It's what pubg should have been after all this time. 
        As someone that played cod since its inception as a pc only title it still blows my mind that MW2 is regarded as a high standard for games...it was an absolute abortion that many in the cod community that played since the beginning marked as the beginning of the decline into a crappy perk filled game that catered to the lowest common denominator...but at this point maybe im just old guy yelling at kids to get off my lawn...
    I think you're suffering from the modern condition of "holy shit so much is happening last week feels like last month"

Last year this time fortnite had been out for 5 months and pubg was about to hit a year (and pubg really only spiked in popularity towards the end of the summer).
    I never understood this. 

We’ve literally played the same Shoot, Die, Respawn game modes for over 15 years (TDM, Obj base modes) with literally little to no changes in them. 

We’re not even 2 years in to the BR scene and people think it’s going to get stale or bland. 

Nahhhh. BR is here to STAY. It’s only going to evolve and grow. Just like Apex has evolved it something else will eventually come along and evolve it even more. 

If we can play the same TDM for 15 years we gonna keep playing BR. It’s literally still a baby in the gaming industry. 

So people need to stop “predicting” BR is going to go away or fall off. Cuz it’s not. 

/ end rant 
    The problem with me last year is we had PUBG and fortnite. Two games that cater to two extremes game play wise, with fortnite being the super cartoony game and pubg being an ultra realistic ARMA spinoff. 

For a long time i've wanted some "middle ground" game that would be more laid back than pubg but not as not serious as fortnite. Something that was somewhat realisticish but not super realistic, but something far more "casual" than pubg. You know, something like a typical AAA game. I figured there was room for some AAA developer to make a really good BR game that would knock it out of the park. I didnt expect respawn to make one based on titanfall, i was thinking more along the lines of BF5 or COD...and we did get blackout, which was okay but still not great. 

When respawn came out with a titanfall oriented one i was like holy crap because titanfall has some of the best mechanics of any game going. I never understood why it isnt more popular. It completely wrecks COD as a franchise, and making a titanfall BR game? YES PLEASE.

So honestly i think titanfall got in on a niche few others really attempted. A "middle ground" BR game that isnt super cartoony nor hyper realistic that occupies the middle ground between the two...while made by an AAA developer so its not a broken mess like, for example, pubg. And they hit it out of the park. 
    Osu player spotted outside of natural habitat
    To be fair, how is Apex different?  I guess the class system? To me, Apex is successful because they took all of the "traditional" BR systems and just... did them better.
        Well I can't speak for everyone, but personally I like the fact that it's fast-paced and games don't feel like they take a long time to start. I know the reason for the latter one is that loading is mostly covered by the class/squad/champion screens but I like it.

My biggest complaint in PUBG/BR in general was the downtime between matches and it's much faster in Apex to get into a new one. I didn't play PUBG enough to know much about the bugs and such, maybe if I did I'd think of them as the worse thing about it.

I'm indifferent about the class system, I'd probably enjoy the game even if it wasn't a thing, but it's a nice touch. The respawn system is also a fun addition, because if you die you're not necessarily out yet and aren't forced to wait in the main menu for a while again. The ping system is really useful especially if you're a mostly solo queue player like me.
>Halo crowd aren't excited about the idea of it

Neither are the devs. No BR coming to Halo yet it seems.
    Maybe the success of Apex would change that. Apex warmed up the audience for a lot of FPS games to adapt BR. 
As a Halo fanboy I've been hoping for a Halo BR since PUBG
    Didn’t halo say no a few months ago to that?
        Which is a shame. The Halo community rejects the idea of a Halo BR game so hard. If friggin Titanfall can do it well then so can Halo which has the exact mechanics needed for a BR game. Just like a Battlefield BR, Halo Br is something I've been looking forward too and my dreams had been crushed because the Halo community is too good for a BR when it would be fun.
    it would be better than the warzone mode, which could easily be turned into a battle royale
        It would be completely different and not really comparable to warzone.
    Me too. I've played soo much halo and I want a game with transferrable skills because I'm too old to master new games overnight like I used too. Fuck, I picked up the game last week and I'm playing people with 2200 kills already? Who has the time for that?? Confession, I used to play COD for 3-5 hours a day in high school so I guess I can answer that question myself...

CoD crowd was very excited for it.

Lul 
    There was definitely a split in their audience. I think they had at least some openness to new ideas though because they're not alien to the concept of cod being different genres. Zombies is basically CoD but in a completely different sub-genre.
        a 95-5 split in favor of a BR-mode, sure. Hardpressed to say there was more dissent than that.
I think Battle Royale games are closer to the Arena Shooter genre than Titanfall 2 or Call of Duty.

I’m not sure what to call loadout based Call of Duty-esque shooters, but a defining quality of arena shooters has always been spawning players with next to nothing and making them fight for resources on the map. BR merely made the maps bigger to accommodate more players, and turn off respawning.
As a diehard Halo fan I’d actually be super down for a Halo BR, Warzone proved that large scale Halo can work and I think that placing that type of large scale sandbox experience in a BR game would be fucking amazing.

The only issue is that they’d have to add Sprint 😉
Titanfall isn't an arena shooter lol
Well, to be frank, I don't think most of the people playing this are Titanfall players, since neither Titanfall game was a huge success. And the same goes for Fortnite. It's not the same audience.
    Exactly, show the wrong audience a game idea and their response will always be "meh".
    I loved Titanfall 1 but never played 2 despite hearing how good it is
        Pick it up for cheap now. Campaign still worth it.
        Absolutely still worth it, the campaign was widely revered to be one of the best of all time, albeit entirely too short. And the movement mechanics in multiplayer have a learning curve that, when understood (not even mastered), are addicting. Flying across the map with the help of your tether will never get to be an old feeling, never mind what you can do while you're flying.

Plus, if you're not that great, there's npcs running around to kill, so you still feel like you're doing something to help the team
    Titanfall 1 sold over 10 million while being an Xbox exclusive when PS4 was a much larger market. That's an insane success. Titanfall 2 still sold over 4 million despite the release date competition. That's much better numbers than 99% of games, so I dont know what your metric of success is...
I would play a street fighter rpg, I think it would be fun. I wouldnt like it as a replacement for a street fighter fighting game. Although with 5 being trash I might welcome it. Titanfall fans want titanfall 3 not a battle royale in the titanfall universe, as fun of an experience as it is. 
A manufactured leak might be a better term. 
That's a good point, the muted response could have played a part in announcing the game immediately before the release to make sure there wasn't backlash before people could play it. 
    RESPAWN SMAHRT
        Respahrt.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'RESPAWN SMAHRT'. To learn more about me, check out this )^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/78ilq0).
You're correct, it's market research. The negative reaction from Titanfall fans may have also played into how they branded the game under a new name.
Certainly possible, or if it wasn’t deliberate they probably saw the reactions and that was part of why they stayed completely silent until launch.
[removed]
    > It was the polish.

*Crashes for third time today*

Jokes aside, I agree. But I think "fun" is a more appropriate term, the game is still in dire need of polish both in terms of balance and in terms of stability, it's just very much fun. People are patiently waiting for polish and playing in spite of issues because it's still fun in spite of issues.
        Hey, if you're still crashing, have a look at your texture budget in game. We've got a small group of like 10 of us that play. Maybe 3-4 were having issues and we've spent the last week or so looking all kinds of random different settings. We've removed skins, updated drivers, rolled back drivers, moved pagefiles, reinstalled the game, etc... with no luck. Just recently 2 or 3 of them updated their texture budget setting in game and set the FPS lock launch command in the game settings on origin and haven't seen any crashes in 2-3 days. We're still not 100% sure if that's actually what fixed it, but not having crashed in 2-3 when it was multiple times every day is something!
            This is what fixed it for me.  

I was having issues with dropping frames, and my game crashed all the time. The first 40 hours was just me trying to optimize my game and playtesting without going into launch commands and potentially messing up my game.  

Then I watched the variety streamer Jericho go through the same issues. Now granted, he was streaming and using a high quality camera and greenscreen overlay, but he has a  2080 Ti graphics card. He should have been having those issues.  

He did +max_fps 60, and the stream gameplay went from literally unwatchable to smooth as hell on max graphics. His CPU went from 99% down to 60%, with everything else running in the background.

 Sure enough, when I did the same, I was able to have the smoothest jump launches and gameplay since I got the game. 

Now I'm not exactly a computer expert, but I'm pretty sure it all stems from the fact that this game is run on the Source Engine.

Yup, trusty old Source. 

3kliksphillip did a video a while back about the CSGO Battle Royale mode that came out a few months ago, and the challenges in creating a BR map in the source engine, which you can watch here: https://youtu.be/EYDaIKIoOkw

Now, if we take what we learn from that video, and apply it to Apex, it's actually pretty easy to see the "rooms" of the map, with all the high cliffs and plateaus.

The downside to this, though, is that unlike Blacksite, the Apex legend map is much larger, and has larger rooms, thus you have all the "rooms" loading in at once when you are your squad first dive out of the plane, or upzip and travel to another "room". The Source Engine does not like this, and it puts a huge load on your setup to compensate for it. As is evident, even the best setups are going to have trouble running the game like that and not drop frames/crash.


Also, I guess that source engines have had trouble with in-game adaptive frame locks in the past and that it doesn't really work with in-game menus?  I'm not sure on this part since I got this specific part from Jericho's discovery with his setup.

 At any rate, the constant calculations and graphical compensations could be adding to the load in its own way, especially when its also trying to load the game assets in as well. The adaptive frame rate may not be a good idea for a BR source game.

Regardless, the launch option forces a certain amount of frames, so instead of trying to render in at once in 150-200 fps spikes and failing, it loads in at a rate that your system can more easily manage.


Again, working theory, but it's making more and more sense to me as I think about it more and more. 

            Thank you guys for your tests and time! 
        The crashing thing is going to be hard to replicate in house before releasing it, you just can't account for all the differing PC configurations out there.  Crashing should get better over time, I'm guessing there are a few core issues causing most of them, they just happen often (hopefully).
            Yup, people who don't crash just never crashes for hundreds of hours, it's very configuration specific that's why the devs posted asking people to send their logs and hardware configuration.
    Apex would be D.O.A if it was hyped. There are a lot of people out there that make a living destroying other peoples works and careers just to make a few youtube bucks. Like that guy with 40 videos in a row bashing anthem. Like 1 video enough got his point across 40 videos latter you just tryna get paid dude. Like now you are no better than the guys who got a little youtube fame bashing solja boy then kept doing it to not lose viewers. I can see the videos now. Theres only 1 game mode, the character abilities are not very useful, only 60 players. Its like titan fall lite. the ttk is to long. Hit boxes are broken, game constantly crashes. The peace keeper is op. Gilbrator sucks. Cosmetics are only decent I don't feel a need to spend money on them. Cosmetics cost to much. Hur hur hur this game is bad watch my video. Don't forget to like and leave a comment and smash that subscribe button. At beast apex woulda did as good as free realms with that kind of negativity. 
The reason I think the "no marketing" strat worked so well here was because it made it look like this was a little side project they've been working on instead of something they've poured months of dedicated development into. I imagine a lot of TF2 fans would be a lot less happy with Apex if they were hearing for 11 months about how Respawn wasn't working on their game.
Any title done this way would need to make some kind of noticeable splash on delivery. If they'd just silently pushed Apex out on Origin without mentioning it anywhere or having someone else push/vouch for it, it wouldn't have become this big this fast, if at all.

HL3 would, but there's half a world of gamers waiting for that.
And they might remove titans altogether and go an Overwatch/Sieged route with heroes abilities, meh. 
    Now listen here you little shit


        https://media.giphy.com/media/l41YdsBZC6Im0L8cM/giphy.gif
    There are abilities in TF2. Mirage is literally one of them. Same with Wraith's, or something very similar. And Pathfinder's grapple. Probably more too. I haven't played TF2 in a while.
        Bloodhound is kinda like the sonar knife. In TF2, it's a knife that you throw to reveal everything in the surrounding area.
            Yeah, the only tacticals we don't have from Tf2 yet are cloak stim and a-wall. The other four are in the game just watered down. I imagine they'll eventually implement all the tacticals in some way down the road.
            Damn, the more I hear of all these cool items in TF2, the more I wanna check it out. Like that gravity bomb/black hole thing (sorry, dont know the name) i saw in a video that was warping bullet's paths. They seem to have some interesting mechanics in their multiplayer.
                Hell yeah. [Here's](https://youtu.be/Ekhg7ZiXB_I) a video of a guy curving Kraber shots with a Gravity Star. There's some really cool loadouts that you can do too. I really like using the EVA-8 with a grappling hook, or an Alternator with the stimpack.

If you do decide to check it out (the game comes included with Origin Access for like, $4 a month), keep in mind that lots of the weapons are different than in Apex. The Alternator and Mozambique are actually pretty good, especially with the run and gun perk.

The multiplayer is still pretty active, albeit with a fairly harsh learning curve due to lots of veteran players, but you should catch on quickly. I'd also highly recommend the campaign. Along with DOOM and Wolfenstein, it's probably the best FPS campaign in recent years.
    Rainbow six siege has hero abilities? I knew they had characters to unlock but honestly I thought it was just cosmetics. I thought every player was the same, and just used guns.
        Operators have a different weapon pool and abilities.
            overwatch gets the comparison but this game is way closer to siege in terms of its hero shooter elements 
        They are called operators and have special abilities and specific guns/attachments. It's an operato (hero) based tactical shooter.
        No the whole point of the different operators is that each has a unique ability or gadget, from bear traps to drones that can shock you. Also, each operator gets access to a unique selection of weapons.
        Get siege! Slightly toxic community but TOTALLY worth it!
            It's like the most toxic shooter out in wdym *slightly*
                I’ve been lucky enough to have never experienced someone be more toxic than an accidental teamkill and I’ve played since beta. However I HAVE heard about other people’s experiences.
        Nah, they each have there own gadgets and some have passives that counter other operaters
No solo queue lmao game is already dead
On the desktop version of the site, there's a check box over on the right hand side under the subscriber count that says 'show flair.' Make sure that's checked then hit the 'edit' button next to your name in that section
On mobile, go to the subreddit and click on the 3 dots on the right. Then select choose use flair 
Hes in it for the revenge of his fallen comrades 
    Revenge for his brothers stolen arc welder or whatever
        those things can be real expensive yo
**CHANGE MY STATE OF MIND**
    I propose a very slow death.....with a Mozambique.
        Is there any other kind of death with a Mozambique?
            non-death
                Deathn't
                Which actually is the slowest of deaths...
            Let's hop into Titanfall 2 and I'll show you just how heinous the Mozambique can be.
                I love how people with caustic flair comment as if they were in character, always so concise and confident, almost provocative. Uhh I meant to say I love death, life sucks, gas is fun.
            You can very easily break a toe when you throw it to the ground in disgust. That might cause you to trip and fall somewhere. 
        REMINDME! 100 years “it’ll take that long for Mozambique”
        They'll die of old age before the Mozambique would kill them.
        Throwing the Mozambique gun at him does higher damage than the actual gun.
    **LOVES SO HARD TO FIND**
        **YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER**
    I'm a rocket engineer, not a brain surgeon
Bake em away, toys
[Here is the actual source if anyone still wondering](https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/)
    Jeez, they just laid it all to bare and hardly anyone knew
        Also, he says "Here's a photo of **one** of our map**s**"


So definitely they got some more maps in the works. Also apparently there was a mass exodus on the star wars team at respawn. So not a good sign for the respawn star wars game(EA, you fuck it).



            > So definitely they got some more maps in the works. 

It's reasonable to assume we will get more maps unless they do what Fortnite does and alter the one they have. However, just because it was planned at the time doesn't mean it's proof there will be multiple maps. Stuff gets dropped and adjusted all the time 
                I'm glad people are still speculating on stuff that the devs have already confirmed are coming. Keep it up everyone! 
            They're announcing something related to Jedi Fallen Order in Star Wars Celebration next month so I doubt they're cancelling it. It's probably close to being done since Chris Avellone (Kotor 2, Fallout New Vegas) apparently worked on and finished working on it.
    “One of our maps” makes me excited
        Oh, it's obvious there will be more maps. When looking at the friend list on Playstation, it says something like "Playing Apex Legends | King's Canyon."

Also the devs and CEO said there will be more maps a while ago.
            Angel City or we RIOT
                A full city to fight in, full sized, 60 people, futuristic sky scrapers and other areas... Omfg yes
                    Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

            I think they need a quick improvement on their friends list. Just so you can check recent players/team members and be able to add them. Also be able to do it from the end game screen. 


Unless I’m missing something and have been taking the long route of remembering someone’s name and then searching for their GT..
        I noticed he talked about how titans were in early versions of testing, but removed, which I had read before. However "There is a variation but mostly just for transportation" makes me wonder if that might come in a later update!
            I think it's pretty sure that one of the new characters in the future will have ultimate ability which summons titan (maybe not "full sized" titan but...) for a set amount of time. Just wait. 
                This seems like the thread to drop this nugget into, so a friend in the industry told me that an IMC stalker will be released as one of the upcoming legends. Current plans are an ult that allows for a reaper to be called in. They're not all in agreement on how to balance just yet (lower hp or very limited in deployment time) but that's about all that needs to be worked out. 🤫
                    Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
    >Literally they're making a battle royal mode and put TF3 on hold till  next year. Mode is called Apex. Open beta out July/August. Questions?  
>  
>– 11 months ago

*no response*
        There were a bunch of responses 
    [deleted]
        >	Max exodus on the star wars team. Literally all their leads quit last week. Other than that.... ehhh could be worse.


:(
        Welcome to 4chan
    I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease
        I've never read something that made me feel this flavour of discomfort before..
            I just polished my grapple to it.
            Are you sure the flavor is discomfort and not something else?
            4chan in a nutshell. Not that I hate it, but I don't exactly like it either. 
        Nice you just copied the comment in the link above, 10 points for creativity
            Never said it was mine. Probably should've put it in a quote though.

My bad.
        After Apex Legends doing so well, Titanfall 3 has potential to sell a lot of copies. A lot of people are playing Respawn's game, and a lot of people are very happy with their experiences so they're more likely to buy a game from that developer. 

It's not exactly a hard and fast rule but Respawn and the Titanfall world is seeing a lot of attention which usually translates to more sales, which they 100% deserve 
    I like how he starts out with "sources in the industry" and then just says "we" everytime after that. Was a developer the whole time
    “One of our maps”
    From the comments in your source - "I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease"

Let's not get technical here guys... whomever wrote this better suck it!
    Wow that's really interesting to read. With the guy being so open and detailed I seriously wouldn't have believed him. I'd think a real leaker would try to be more subtle to not give themselves away
    [deleted]
        [Here is the screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/KOlYMDW.png)
    Holy crap....I'm surprised that information didn't get more wide spread.
Mod confirmed Respawn Employee? 
    I wish
        Can you please give us night time or weather effects?
            No, but I can stand next to you while blowing really hard to simulate a wind storm while you play.
        Where did you find this originally???
            https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
###GOTTEM
YOU WERE A CLOCK⏰
Big Oof here, level 3
    Dibs
        **D E E B S**
        Thanks

    I could use that. 
    Dibs
    Deebs 
    That's mine
    I need that 
    I need it!
How do you know that? Hmm??

&#x200B;
    Try playing a game of Titanfall 1 on PC, I dare you.
        I tried it didnt go so well
            I joined the game and a man appeared behind my chair and whispered "git gud noob" in my ear before he moonwalked out and hit my dog.
Hackers on dead games piss me off so much. Killed one of my favourite multiplayer shooters, Black Ops 2.  
    Black ops 2 is actually not bad on Xbox rn since it went backwards compatible
        Nice. I play PC though and multiplayer has been killed by hackers. At least Black Ops 1 has dedicated servers with admins so it’s fine. Zombies on BO2 is great though and still really active (you can somehow find games for all maps!) so I can’t complain too much
    they fixed the movement bug but still hella aimbotters
        Every game is just 2 people shooting walls getting headshots with every bullet, real annoying. At least zombies is still good though
Real shit? Not that I ever played TF1, but is this actually true?
    Why did you never play TF1? It was **ART**
        Never either had the PC for it or I felt like it was too late to buy the game since it had passed its "prime".
            It was sad how quickly it died... :(
\*exchanges it with a mozambique\*
    You talkin mad shit for someone in Mozambique range
        Whatever. The Zique shoots airsoft pellets
*runs to it and takes it before you anyways*




Link?
    https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
        Wow! So much detail too. 3 man squads, 60 players, no titans. But there is a variation where titans are used as transport. 

So interesting. 
            He even says the name: Apex. It's an incredibly candid and thorough leak
                Meh, I'll call it a wild guess.
                    he got lucky lol
            Yesterday shroud was getting frustrated that someone in his chat badmouthed Respawn, so he said something along the lines of: “They have some crazy stuff planned. I playtested stuff that isn’t even in this build”
            AND ALSO TITAN FALL 3 NEXT YEAR
                So glad everyone's seeing Respawn's game design because of Apex, Titanfall 2 was one of the most balanced and well designed games I've ever played and I feel like it's really underrated. Free monthly DLC, almost every weapon is viable while still having their quirks, and the weird weapons are still great if you get good at them. A well balanced point system for each game type along with the AI enemies that make the 6v6 on a huge map feel more alive. Then, upping the classes to have a secondary + an anti-titan weapon, changing classes during the game, and I believe it was the first game I played that had weapon levels (both BF and CoD have weapon levels now). To top it all off, they managed to design two maps in one for every map that work well separately and include plenty of places for good crossover between titans and pilots. I'm pumped for Titanfall 3 and for people to finally notice Titanfall. Titanfall 2 lived up to the idea I had of Titanfall back when I first heard of it in like 2013. 
                    Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
        [deleted]
            Depends, sometimes leaks comes from directly from the studio to build hype.  And sometimes   leakers get fired and blacklisted by companies for spilling secrets.
                We never hear about the aftermath of leaking, hmmm, any sources?
                    I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
You can thank me by playing some games with me. I'm SlippyStair at Origin
    I'm not sure if I should be concerned with your username or not
        U should, or else you’ll slip down the stairs. 
Change to the Lifeline flair
    Bangalore flair here! 

Level tree!
        *COME AND GET YA BIRTHDAY PRESENTS*
            "Backpack here, leather one"

I hear this every time
Those are the m o y a i
    Look at the *moyai* sway 
    🗿 
They're called The Boys, and they're wonderful. 
    Möiai
The penis heads?
You mean the weird swingy ballsack monsters? 
    They're called the m o y a i
There is also an Easter egg giant lizard in swamps 
Idk, I'm talking about [this old map leak](http://assets.vg247.com/current//2016/04/Red-Dead-Redemption-2-map-leak-hi-res.jpg) which was pretty heavily reported on and generally regarded as possibly true. Whoever was so quick to dismiss that guy you're talking about was an idiot.
He’s dead, Jim.
Doesn't seem to be active anymore...
    Looks like his power has been... revoked
        YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH
It's literally the same creature in both Titanfall and Apex lmao
    The m o y a i also appeared on Titanfall? I only played Tf2 and don't remember them :(
>I have put too much time into the game so far, my prejudice was very wrong
    nice!!
    Did you ever think your pessimistic, negative comments on a small post would reap you hundreds of upvotes 11 months later? 
        Although he got some negative comments too :(
            >some

You should see my inbox lmao
            Because people like him are the problem for "outrages" in reveals these days. Ex. BFV suffered a toxic pre-launch community, but they didn't turn positive like the Apex community has, instead running it into the ground and yelling at the devs when they made TTK balancing. Or Diablo, a game that many play when bored, having a spinoff made for the-platform-you-play-when-you're-bored: mobile. Can only hope people see sense through this mess once that releases.. :/
    I respect a guy who isn't afraid to admit defeat 
    I really just wanna rub it in your face that this game was good, but not as much as I'm just happy you are enjoying it when you thought you wouldn't. 
Silver if he/she ~~doesnt~~ repl~~y~~ies
    RemindMe! 2 Days "Pay up"
        look now
hahaha, reddit is one weird place.
    Nah, people just think they know more than they actually do.
When I first looked at Apex Legends my first reaction was "Damn, yet another uninspired battle royale game.. But how does it have so many viewers?", so I tried it myself and I am not regretting, it really stands out
    it stands out because its a good game, thats literally all there is to it haha. from what i've seen of 99% of BR games they are all poorly made/poorly balanced/unoriginal or all of the above

apex is made by respawn, who are the people who made titanfall which has some of the best and smoothest movement in any shooters i've ever seen, and they are the people who made cod4 which has some of the crispest shooting and is basically the godfather of modern shooters
It was pretty easy to be cynical about BRs at that time.
11 months ago
>couldnt care less about br mode games sorry. 

16 days ago
>Caustic is so badass looking
    Well, Yeah I mean... He is so sick looking
Airbase, Runoff and Swampland were all in Titanfall.
    Ah that explains it. I only ever played TF2. Thanks for the info.
        [removed]
Bo4 didn't tie it together well though 
BO4 just smacks grass and trees in between everything. 
Realm Royals did this. Less popular, but they took maps and textures from Paladins to make their BR game.
Sounds ~~like Reddit gamers~~
Contradictory, I bet.
Yes I know, at the time I was unsure whether it was real or fake but I always thought the scaling for places like “Arena” and “Market” were off. Being that it was a work-in-progress stuff like this would be expected since everything turned out fine in the final game.
Weird alien underground hydrology.
    A spring.
        *Weird alien underground hydrology*
            ***A spring.***
                Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
                    A ^spring.
Dude, come on, how does [this](https://i.imgur.com/Ty9ceCA.jpg) make water?
    With enough of them underground, they can effectively push the water up! Causing a river.
        /r/shittyaskscience/
No, I broke the dam
Battle royale has been desperately waiting for someone with a decent pedigree to make a great first person version. I remember when first playing and enjoying pubg with all its short comings that once someone made a 'good' (read 'cod mw2 good') version of this game mode it's going to blow up. 

Fortnite was the closest thing there was, albeit third person and the building isn't for everyone. I'm thoroughly enjoying Apex and am glad it's finally here.

Edit: Thanks for the gold! 
    I loved the first season of fortnite. Before everyone realized that building was the way to win fights. The building mechanic was mostly just to make ramps to get on top of buildings and to make a tower for final circle. But I never caught on to building in a fight (aka I sucked at it) and I lost interest. Pubg was fun but soo campy. Apex feels like the best of both
        This is exactly how I feel.

In PUBG games are too slowly paced, and they punish you for enjoying the game and engaging in fights that aren't snipe fests. Armor and helmets have durability, TTK is very low in close quarters, and there's significantly less mobility to try and Dodge shots. You're encouraged to take the "bathroom strat" of waiting upstairs in a building and trying to pick people off from a distance.

In Fortnite the game is too frantic, if you don't know how to build in seconds while others are attacking you there's no chance of victory. The only way you can win is if you're better at playing Sim City than everyone else in the game with you. 

In Apex they did a good job of getting the right TTK and weapon balance so that people aren't encouraged to camp or sit somewhere sniping the whole game. There's also no need to learn an entire second game besides the FPS portion. It's just good fun, and it really rewards good teamwork while simultaneously providing the tools to make that happen (the ping system).
            I find sniping in Apex to be nearly useless. If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them. It's occasionally good when initiating, but it's almost always better to have a different weapon.
                I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
                    I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
                    
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


                > If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
                    >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
            In first person the people camping bathrooms rarely won because you typically wouldn't come across enough loot to make it a viable strategy. PUBG is a slower paced game, but similar to Apex it is best to get into fights but only if you finish them very quickly because third partying is your biggest threat. Difference is PUBG is just on a larger scale with less dynamic options due to less mobility options and hero moves.

Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking. 
                >Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
                    #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
                    Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
            What absolutely turned me on to this game was the ping system. I had no idea how useful that shit was until I used it... a complete game-changer for me.
        Building is such a strange concept to me for an action shooter. It’s what has kept me from ever playing Fortnite. I’m glad Apex came out because I finally get to play a BR game and I’m loving it! 
            I feel the same. For me is much more satisfying dodging bullets and outplaying the enemy with the buildings/environment than building your way though it. 
        The building is very clunky as a mechanic, it's almost like it's found its way into the metagame, but it got away from them on the design side. I can build a bit myself and edit ok, but mechanically editing is a terrible design (how it works with the buttons etc). I respect everyone that learned to do it well, but it is not a transferable skill whatsoever to other games so I sort of found perfecting it as a waste of energy for me personally.
            I can’t do it and don’t see myself learning either. I will say though that watching people who can do it is very impressive. I played with this guy couple days ago who was an incredible builder and it was to the point where I would rather my character be dead so I could just watch him play lol. Dude carries us to a couple wins in squads by himself. Doubt I’ll ever play w/ him again though after the pitiful display I put on the couple times he died before me and he watched me get wrecked. 
        I couldn't get into building either. My step daughter loved that aspect though. Duo's with her are a blast. "I'm taking fire from the east, sweety. Requesting fortification of or AO immediately!"

I swear playing with her is the only way I can get more than a couple kills.
    Yeah everyone that plays PUBG has been lamenting how terrible the game is from a technical standpoint. I still think PUBG is a really fun game, and the "quirks" were excusable 2 years ago when they were a small indie team overwhelmed by the massive success, but two years on and many of the same issues are still a huge problem, which is insane for a game making that much money.

It was a matter of time before a game came along that was smooth, fun and had all these quality of life things that PUBG is sorely lacking.
        Shows how bad that game is, designed. They need a FULL redesign and launch to fix that mess.
            If they built PUBG 2 from the ground up it would be amazing. The thing these other BR games lack is the sense of being on a HUGE island or map with vast fields and forests. Also I love the building designs and details like trash inside of the old houses. Blackout is like an arcade machine version of PUBG which isn't bad but doesn't have the downtime or adventurous feeling that PUBG does. 
                i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
                    [deleted]
        I actually don't care about the quirks.  Pubg just takes too long
            Right. I can get 10 matches in after work of Apex. Or 4 good matches of pub.
                Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
                This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
                    Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
                    The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
            You could have an entire satisfying match in AL by the time you've finished looting in the average game of PUBG.
        Isnt the developers Bluehole? It's not like it is their first big game either.
            It's not? I honestly don't know anything about them.

Whatever the reason is it does feel like the games original code was a piece of crap and they've never managed to refactor it and make it smooth, just patchwork ontop of existing code to put out fires for 2 years straight.
                They made Tera, too.
                    Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
                    Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
        The tricky thing about "fixing quirks" in a massively-successful game is potentially turning away the player base that made it successful...

"The devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't know".
        Try ring of elysium. It's what pubg should have been after all this time. 
    As someone that played cod since its inception as a pc only title it still blows my mind that MW2 is regarded as a high standard for games...it was an absolute abortion that many in the cod community that played since the beginning marked as the beginning of the decline into a crappy perk filled game that catered to the lowest common denominator...but at this point maybe im just old guy yelling at kids to get off my lawn...
I think you're suffering from the modern condition of "holy shit so much is happening last week feels like last month"

Last year this time fortnite had been out for 5 months and pubg was about to hit a year (and pubg really only spiked in popularity towards the end of the summer).
I never understood this. 

We’ve literally played the same Shoot, Die, Respawn game modes for over 15 years (TDM, Obj base modes) with literally little to no changes in them. 

We’re not even 2 years in to the BR scene and people think it’s going to get stale or bland. 

Nahhhh. BR is here to STAY. It’s only going to evolve and grow. Just like Apex has evolved it something else will eventually come along and evolve it even more. 

If we can play the same TDM for 15 years we gonna keep playing BR. It’s literally still a baby in the gaming industry. 

So people need to stop “predicting” BR is going to go away or fall off. Cuz it’s not. 

/ end rant 
The problem with me last year is we had PUBG and fortnite. Two games that cater to two extremes game play wise, with fortnite being the super cartoony game and pubg being an ultra realistic ARMA spinoff. 

For a long time i've wanted some "middle ground" game that would be more laid back than pubg but not as not serious as fortnite. Something that was somewhat realisticish but not super realistic, but something far more "casual" than pubg. You know, something like a typical AAA game. I figured there was room for some AAA developer to make a really good BR game that would knock it out of the park. I didnt expect respawn to make one based on titanfall, i was thinking more along the lines of BF5 or COD...and we did get blackout, which was okay but still not great. 

When respawn came out with a titanfall oriented one i was like holy crap because titanfall has some of the best mechanics of any game going. I never understood why it isnt more popular. It completely wrecks COD as a franchise, and making a titanfall BR game? YES PLEASE.

So honestly i think titanfall got in on a niche few others really attempted. A "middle ground" BR game that isnt super cartoony nor hyper realistic that occupies the middle ground between the two...while made by an AAA developer so its not a broken mess like, for example, pubg. And they hit it out of the park. 
Osu player spotted outside of natural habitat
To be fair, how is Apex different?  I guess the class system? To me, Apex is successful because they took all of the "traditional" BR systems and just... did them better.
    Well I can't speak for everyone, but personally I like the fact that it's fast-paced and games don't feel like they take a long time to start. I know the reason for the latter one is that loading is mostly covered by the class/squad/champion screens but I like it.

My biggest complaint in PUBG/BR in general was the downtime between matches and it's much faster in Apex to get into a new one. I didn't play PUBG enough to know much about the bugs and such, maybe if I did I'd think of them as the worse thing about it.

I'm indifferent about the class system, I'd probably enjoy the game even if it wasn't a thing, but it's a nice touch. The respawn system is also a fun addition, because if you die you're not necessarily out yet and aren't forced to wait in the main menu for a while again. The ping system is really useful especially if you're a mostly solo queue player like me.
Maybe the success of Apex would change that. Apex warmed up the audience for a lot of FPS games to adapt BR. 
Didn’t halo say no a few months ago to that?
    Which is a shame. The Halo community rejects the idea of a Halo BR game so hard. If friggin Titanfall can do it well then so can Halo which has the exact mechanics needed for a BR game. Just like a Battlefield BR, Halo Br is something I've been looking forward too and my dreams had been crushed because the Halo community is too good for a BR when it would be fun.
it would be better than the warzone mode, which could easily be turned into a battle royale
    It would be completely different and not really comparable to warzone.
Me too. I've played soo much halo and I want a game with transferrable skills because I'm too old to master new games overnight like I used too. Fuck, I picked up the game last week and I'm playing people with 2200 kills already? Who has the time for that?? Confession, I used to play COD for 3-5 hours a day in high school so I guess I can answer that question myself...

There was definitely a split in their audience. I think they had at least some openness to new ideas though because they're not alien to the concept of cod being different genres. Zombies is basically CoD but in a completely different sub-genre.
    a 95-5 split in favor of a BR-mode, sure. Hardpressed to say there was more dissent than that.
Exactly, show the wrong audience a game idea and their response will always be "meh".
I loved Titanfall 1 but never played 2 despite hearing how good it is
    Pick it up for cheap now. Campaign still worth it.
    Absolutely still worth it, the campaign was widely revered to be one of the best of all time, albeit entirely too short. And the movement mechanics in multiplayer have a learning curve that, when understood (not even mastered), are addicting. Flying across the map with the help of your tether will never get to be an old feeling, never mind what you can do while you're flying.

Plus, if you're not that great, there's npcs running around to kill, so you still feel like you're doing something to help the team
Titanfall 1 sold over 10 million while being an Xbox exclusive when PS4 was a much larger market. That's an insane success. Titanfall 2 still sold over 4 million despite the release date competition. That's much better numbers than 99% of games, so I dont know what your metric of success is...
RESPAWN SMAHRT
    Respahrt.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'RESPAWN SMAHRT'. To learn more about me, check out this )^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/78ilq0).
> It was the polish.

*Crashes for third time today*

Jokes aside, I agree. But I think "fun" is a more appropriate term, the game is still in dire need of polish both in terms of balance and in terms of stability, it's just very much fun. People are patiently waiting for polish and playing in spite of issues because it's still fun in spite of issues.
    Hey, if you're still crashing, have a look at your texture budget in game. We've got a small group of like 10 of us that play. Maybe 3-4 were having issues and we've spent the last week or so looking all kinds of random different settings. We've removed skins, updated drivers, rolled back drivers, moved pagefiles, reinstalled the game, etc... with no luck. Just recently 2 or 3 of them updated their texture budget setting in game and set the FPS lock launch command in the game settings on origin and haven't seen any crashes in 2-3 days. We're still not 100% sure if that's actually what fixed it, but not having crashed in 2-3 when it was multiple times every day is something!
        This is what fixed it for me.  

I was having issues with dropping frames, and my game crashed all the time. The first 40 hours was just me trying to optimize my game and playtesting without going into launch commands and potentially messing up my game.  

Then I watched the variety streamer Jericho go through the same issues. Now granted, he was streaming and using a high quality camera and greenscreen overlay, but he has a  2080 Ti graphics card. He should have been having those issues.  

He did +max_fps 60, and the stream gameplay went from literally unwatchable to smooth as hell on max graphics. His CPU went from 99% down to 60%, with everything else running in the background.

 Sure enough, when I did the same, I was able to have the smoothest jump launches and gameplay since I got the game. 

Now I'm not exactly a computer expert, but I'm pretty sure it all stems from the fact that this game is run on the Source Engine.

Yup, trusty old Source. 

3kliksphillip did a video a while back about the CSGO Battle Royale mode that came out a few months ago, and the challenges in creating a BR map in the source engine, which you can watch here: https://youtu.be/EYDaIKIoOkw

Now, if we take what we learn from that video, and apply it to Apex, it's actually pretty easy to see the "rooms" of the map, with all the high cliffs and plateaus.

The downside to this, though, is that unlike Blacksite, the Apex legend map is much larger, and has larger rooms, thus you have all the "rooms" loading in at once when you are your squad first dive out of the plane, or upzip and travel to another "room". The Source Engine does not like this, and it puts a huge load on your setup to compensate for it. As is evident, even the best setups are going to have trouble running the game like that and not drop frames/crash.


Also, I guess that source engines have had trouble with in-game adaptive frame locks in the past and that it doesn't really work with in-game menus?  I'm not sure on this part since I got this specific part from Jericho's discovery with his setup.

 At any rate, the constant calculations and graphical compensations could be adding to the load in its own way, especially when its also trying to load the game assets in as well. The adaptive frame rate may not be a good idea for a BR source game.

Regardless, the launch option forces a certain amount of frames, so instead of trying to render in at once in 150-200 fps spikes and failing, it loads in at a rate that your system can more easily manage.


Again, working theory, but it's making more and more sense to me as I think about it more and more. 

        Thank you guys for your tests and time! 
    The crashing thing is going to be hard to replicate in house before releasing it, you just can't account for all the differing PC configurations out there.  Crashing should get better over time, I'm guessing there are a few core issues causing most of them, they just happen often (hopefully).
        Yup, people who don't crash just never crashes for hundreds of hours, it's very configuration specific that's why the devs posted asking people to send their logs and hardware configuration.
Apex would be D.O.A if it was hyped. There are a lot of people out there that make a living destroying other peoples works and careers just to make a few youtube bucks. Like that guy with 40 videos in a row bashing anthem. Like 1 video enough got his point across 40 videos latter you just tryna get paid dude. Like now you are no better than the guys who got a little youtube fame bashing solja boy then kept doing it to not lose viewers. I can see the videos now. Theres only 1 game mode, the character abilities are not very useful, only 60 players. Its like titan fall lite. the ttk is to long. Hit boxes are broken, game constantly crashes. The peace keeper is op. Gilbrator sucks. Cosmetics are only decent I don't feel a need to spend money on them. Cosmetics cost to much. Hur hur hur this game is bad watch my video. Don't forget to like and leave a comment and smash that subscribe button. At beast apex woulda did as good as free realms with that kind of negativity. 
Now listen here you little shit


    https://media.giphy.com/media/l41YdsBZC6Im0L8cM/giphy.gif
There are abilities in TF2. Mirage is literally one of them. Same with Wraith's, or something very similar. And Pathfinder's grapple. Probably more too. I haven't played TF2 in a while.
    Bloodhound is kinda like the sonar knife. In TF2, it's a knife that you throw to reveal everything in the surrounding area.
        Yeah, the only tacticals we don't have from Tf2 yet are cloak stim and a-wall. The other four are in the game just watered down. I imagine they'll eventually implement all the tacticals in some way down the road.
        Damn, the more I hear of all these cool items in TF2, the more I wanna check it out. Like that gravity bomb/black hole thing (sorry, dont know the name) i saw in a video that was warping bullet's paths. They seem to have some interesting mechanics in their multiplayer.
            Hell yeah. [Here's](https://youtu.be/Ekhg7ZiXB_I) a video of a guy curving Kraber shots with a Gravity Star. There's some really cool loadouts that you can do too. I really like using the EVA-8 with a grappling hook, or an Alternator with the stimpack.

If you do decide to check it out (the game comes included with Origin Access for like, $4 a month), keep in mind that lots of the weapons are different than in Apex. The Alternator and Mozambique are actually pretty good, especially with the run and gun perk.

The multiplayer is still pretty active, albeit with a fairly harsh learning curve due to lots of veteran players, but you should catch on quickly. I'd also highly recommend the campaign. Along with DOOM and Wolfenstein, it's probably the best FPS campaign in recent years.
Rainbow six siege has hero abilities? I knew they had characters to unlock but honestly I thought it was just cosmetics. I thought every player was the same, and just used guns.
    Operators have a different weapon pool and abilities.
        overwatch gets the comparison but this game is way closer to siege in terms of its hero shooter elements 
    They are called operators and have special abilities and specific guns/attachments. It's an operato (hero) based tactical shooter.
    No the whole point of the different operators is that each has a unique ability or gadget, from bear traps to drones that can shock you. Also, each operator gets access to a unique selection of weapons.
    Get siege! Slightly toxic community but TOTALLY worth it!
        It's like the most toxic shooter out in wdym *slightly*
            I’ve been lucky enough to have never experienced someone be more toxic than an accidental teamkill and I’ve played since beta. However I HAVE heard about other people’s experiences.
    Nah, they each have there own gadgets and some have passives that counter other operaters
Revenge for his brothers stolen arc welder or whatever
    those things can be real expensive yo
I propose a very slow death.....with a Mozambique.
    Is there any other kind of death with a Mozambique?
        non-death
            Deathn't
            Which actually is the slowest of deaths...
        Let's hop into Titanfall 2 and I'll show you just how heinous the Mozambique can be.
            I love how people with caustic flair comment as if they were in character, always so concise and confident, almost provocative. Uhh I meant to say I love death, life sucks, gas is fun.
        You can very easily break a toe when you throw it to the ground in disgust. That might cause you to trip and fall somewhere. 
    REMINDME! 100 years “it’ll take that long for Mozambique”
    They'll die of old age before the Mozambique would kill them.
    Throwing the Mozambique gun at him does higher damage than the actual gun.
**LOVES SO HARD TO FIND**
    **YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER**
I'm a rocket engineer, not a brain surgeon
Jeez, they just laid it all to bare and hardly anyone knew
    Also, he says "Here's a photo of **one** of our map**s**"


So definitely they got some more maps in the works. Also apparently there was a mass exodus on the star wars team at respawn. So not a good sign for the respawn star wars game(EA, you fuck it).



        > So definitely they got some more maps in the works. 

It's reasonable to assume we will get more maps unless they do what Fortnite does and alter the one they have. However, just because it was planned at the time doesn't mean it's proof there will be multiple maps. Stuff gets dropped and adjusted all the time 
            I'm glad people are still speculating on stuff that the devs have already confirmed are coming. Keep it up everyone! 
        They're announcing something related to Jedi Fallen Order in Star Wars Celebration next month so I doubt they're cancelling it. It's probably close to being done since Chris Avellone (Kotor 2, Fallout New Vegas) apparently worked on and finished working on it.
“One of our maps” makes me excited
    Oh, it's obvious there will be more maps. When looking at the friend list on Playstation, it says something like "Playing Apex Legends | King's Canyon."

Also the devs and CEO said there will be more maps a while ago.
        Angel City or we RIOT
            A full city to fight in, full sized, 60 people, futuristic sky scrapers and other areas... Omfg yes
                Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

        I think they need a quick improvement on their friends list. Just so you can check recent players/team members and be able to add them. Also be able to do it from the end game screen. 


Unless I’m missing something and have been taking the long route of remembering someone’s name and then searching for their GT..
    I noticed he talked about how titans were in early versions of testing, but removed, which I had read before. However "There is a variation but mostly just for transportation" makes me wonder if that might come in a later update!
        I think it's pretty sure that one of the new characters in the future will have ultimate ability which summons titan (maybe not "full sized" titan but...) for a set amount of time. Just wait. 
            This seems like the thread to drop this nugget into, so a friend in the industry told me that an IMC stalker will be released as one of the upcoming legends. Current plans are an ult that allows for a reaper to be called in. They're not all in agreement on how to balance just yet (lower hp or very limited in deployment time) but that's about all that needs to be worked out. 🤫
                Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
>Literally they're making a battle royal mode and put TF3 on hold till  next year. Mode is called Apex. Open beta out July/August. Questions?  
>  
>– 11 months ago

*no response*
    There were a bunch of responses 
[deleted]
    >	Max exodus on the star wars team. Literally all their leads quit last week. Other than that.... ehhh could be worse.


:(
    Welcome to 4chan
I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease
    I've never read something that made me feel this flavour of discomfort before..
        I just polished my grapple to it.
        Are you sure the flavor is discomfort and not something else?
        4chan in a nutshell. Not that I hate it, but I don't exactly like it either. 
    Nice you just copied the comment in the link above, 10 points for creativity
        Never said it was mine. Probably should've put it in a quote though.

My bad.
    After Apex Legends doing so well, Titanfall 3 has potential to sell a lot of copies. A lot of people are playing Respawn's game, and a lot of people are very happy with their experiences so they're more likely to buy a game from that developer. 

It's not exactly a hard and fast rule but Respawn and the Titanfall world is seeing a lot of attention which usually translates to more sales, which they 100% deserve 
I like how he starts out with "sources in the industry" and then just says "we" everytime after that. Was a developer the whole time
“One of our maps”
From the comments in your source - "I'd straight up suck my own shit out of a cumsock for another Titanfall game but we all know TF2 didn't sell well enough to get a sequel, don't fucking tease"

Let's not get technical here guys... whomever wrote this better suck it!
Wow that's really interesting to read. With the guy being so open and detailed I seriously wouldn't have believed him. I'd think a real leaker would try to be more subtle to not give themselves away
[deleted]
    [Here is the screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/KOlYMDW.png)
Holy crap....I'm surprised that information didn't get more wide spread.
I wish
    Can you please give us night time or weather effects?
        No, but I can stand next to you while blowing really hard to simulate a wind storm while you play.
    Where did you find this originally???
        https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
Dibs
    **D E E B S**
    Thanks

I could use that. 
Dibs
Deebs 
That's mine
I need that 
I need it!
Try playing a game of Titanfall 1 on PC, I dare you.
    I tried it didnt go so well
        I joined the game and a man appeared behind my chair and whispered "git gud noob" in my ear before he moonwalked out and hit my dog.
Black ops 2 is actually not bad on Xbox rn since it went backwards compatible
    Nice. I play PC though and multiplayer has been killed by hackers. At least Black Ops 1 has dedicated servers with admins so it’s fine. Zombies on BO2 is great though and still really active (you can somehow find games for all maps!) so I can’t complain too much
they fixed the movement bug but still hella aimbotters
    Every game is just 2 people shooting walls getting headshots with every bullet, real annoying. At least zombies is still good though
Why did you never play TF1? It was **ART**
    Never either had the PC for it or I felt like it was too late to buy the game since it had passed its "prime".
        It was sad how quickly it died... :(
You talkin mad shit for someone in Mozambique range
    Whatever. The Zique shoots airsoft pellets
https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
    Wow! So much detail too. 3 man squads, 60 players, no titans. But there is a variation where titans are used as transport. 

So interesting. 
        He even says the name: Apex. It's an incredibly candid and thorough leak
            Meh, I'll call it a wild guess.
                he got lucky lol
        Yesterday shroud was getting frustrated that someone in his chat badmouthed Respawn, so he said something along the lines of: “They have some crazy stuff planned. I playtested stuff that isn’t even in this build”
        AND ALSO TITAN FALL 3 NEXT YEAR
            So glad everyone's seeing Respawn's game design because of Apex, Titanfall 2 was one of the most balanced and well designed games I've ever played and I feel like it's really underrated. Free monthly DLC, almost every weapon is viable while still having their quirks, and the weird weapons are still great if you get good at them. A well balanced point system for each game type along with the AI enemies that make the 6v6 on a huge map feel more alive. Then, upping the classes to have a secondary + an anti-titan weapon, changing classes during the game, and I believe it was the first game I played that had weapon levels (both BF and CoD have weapon levels now). To top it all off, they managed to design two maps in one for every map that work well separately and include plenty of places for good crossover between titans and pilots. I'm pumped for Titanfall 3 and for people to finally notice Titanfall. Titanfall 2 lived up to the idea I had of Titanfall back when I first heard of it in like 2013. 
                Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
    [deleted]
        Depends, sometimes leaks comes from directly from the studio to build hype.  And sometimes   leakers get fired and blacklisted by companies for spilling secrets.
            We never hear about the aftermath of leaking, hmmm, any sources?
                I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
I'm not sure if I should be concerned with your username or not
    U should, or else you’ll slip down the stairs. 
Bangalore flair here! 

Level tree!
    *COME AND GET YA BIRTHDAY PRESENTS*
        "Backpack here, leather one"

I hear this every time
Look at the *moyai* sway 
🗿 
Möiai
They're called the m o y a i
Looks like his power has been... revoked
    YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH
The m o y a i also appeared on Titanfall? I only played Tf2 and don't remember them :(
nice!!
Did you ever think your pessimistic, negative comments on a small post would reap you hundreds of upvotes 11 months later? 
    Although he got some negative comments too :(
        >some

You should see my inbox lmao
        Because people like him are the problem for "outrages" in reveals these days. Ex. BFV suffered a toxic pre-launch community, but they didn't turn positive like the Apex community has, instead running it into the ground and yelling at the devs when they made TTK balancing. Or Diablo, a game that many play when bored, having a spinoff made for the-platform-you-play-when-you're-bored: mobile. Can only hope people see sense through this mess once that releases.. :/
I respect a guy who isn't afraid to admit defeat 
I really just wanna rub it in your face that this game was good, but not as much as I'm just happy you are enjoying it when you thought you wouldn't. 
RemindMe! 2 Days "Pay up"
    look now
Nah, people just think they know more than they actually do.
it stands out because its a good game, thats literally all there is to it haha. from what i've seen of 99% of BR games they are all poorly made/poorly balanced/unoriginal or all of the above

apex is made by respawn, who are the people who made titanfall which has some of the best and smoothest movement in any shooters i've ever seen, and they are the people who made cod4 which has some of the crispest shooting and is basically the godfather of modern shooters
Well, Yeah I mean... He is so sick looking
Ah that explains it. I only ever played TF2. Thanks for the info.
    [removed]
A spring.
    *Weird alien underground hydrology*
        ***A spring.***
            Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
                A ^spring.
With enough of them underground, they can effectively push the water up! Causing a river.
    /r/shittyaskscience/
I loved the first season of fortnite. Before everyone realized that building was the way to win fights. The building mechanic was mostly just to make ramps to get on top of buildings and to make a tower for final circle. But I never caught on to building in a fight (aka I sucked at it) and I lost interest. Pubg was fun but soo campy. Apex feels like the best of both
    This is exactly how I feel.

In PUBG games are too slowly paced, and they punish you for enjoying the game and engaging in fights that aren't snipe fests. Armor and helmets have durability, TTK is very low in close quarters, and there's significantly less mobility to try and Dodge shots. You're encouraged to take the "bathroom strat" of waiting upstairs in a building and trying to pick people off from a distance.

In Fortnite the game is too frantic, if you don't know how to build in seconds while others are attacking you there's no chance of victory. The only way you can win is if you're better at playing Sim City than everyone else in the game with you. 

In Apex they did a good job of getting the right TTK and weapon balance so that people aren't encouraged to camp or sit somewhere sniping the whole game. There's also no need to learn an entire second game besides the FPS portion. It's just good fun, and it really rewards good teamwork while simultaneously providing the tools to make that happen (the ping system).
        I find sniping in Apex to be nearly useless. If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them. It's occasionally good when initiating, but it's almost always better to have a different weapon.
            I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
                I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
                
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


            > If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
                >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
        In first person the people camping bathrooms rarely won because you typically wouldn't come across enough loot to make it a viable strategy. PUBG is a slower paced game, but similar to Apex it is best to get into fights but only if you finish them very quickly because third partying is your biggest threat. Difference is PUBG is just on a larger scale with less dynamic options due to less mobility options and hero moves.

Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking. 
            >Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
                #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
                Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
        What absolutely turned me on to this game was the ping system. I had no idea how useful that shit was until I used it... a complete game-changer for me.
    Building is such a strange concept to me for an action shooter. It’s what has kept me from ever playing Fortnite. I’m glad Apex came out because I finally get to play a BR game and I’m loving it! 
        I feel the same. For me is much more satisfying dodging bullets and outplaying the enemy with the buildings/environment than building your way though it. 
    The building is very clunky as a mechanic, it's almost like it's found its way into the metagame, but it got away from them on the design side. I can build a bit myself and edit ok, but mechanically editing is a terrible design (how it works with the buttons etc). I respect everyone that learned to do it well, but it is not a transferable skill whatsoever to other games so I sort of found perfecting it as a waste of energy for me personally.
        I can’t do it and don’t see myself learning either. I will say though that watching people who can do it is very impressive. I played with this guy couple days ago who was an incredible builder and it was to the point where I would rather my character be dead so I could just watch him play lol. Dude carries us to a couple wins in squads by himself. Doubt I’ll ever play w/ him again though after the pitiful display I put on the couple times he died before me and he watched me get wrecked. 
    I couldn't get into building either. My step daughter loved that aspect though. Duo's with her are a blast. "I'm taking fire from the east, sweety. Requesting fortification of or AO immediately!"

I swear playing with her is the only way I can get more than a couple kills.
Yeah everyone that plays PUBG has been lamenting how terrible the game is from a technical standpoint. I still think PUBG is a really fun game, and the "quirks" were excusable 2 years ago when they were a small indie team overwhelmed by the massive success, but two years on and many of the same issues are still a huge problem, which is insane for a game making that much money.

It was a matter of time before a game came along that was smooth, fun and had all these quality of life things that PUBG is sorely lacking.
    Shows how bad that game is, designed. They need a FULL redesign and launch to fix that mess.
        If they built PUBG 2 from the ground up it would be amazing. The thing these other BR games lack is the sense of being on a HUGE island or map with vast fields and forests. Also I love the building designs and details like trash inside of the old houses. Blackout is like an arcade machine version of PUBG which isn't bad but doesn't have the downtime or adventurous feeling that PUBG does. 
            i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
                [deleted]
    I actually don't care about the quirks.  Pubg just takes too long
        Right. I can get 10 matches in after work of Apex. Or 4 good matches of pub.
            Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
            This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
                Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
                The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
        You could have an entire satisfying match in AL by the time you've finished looting in the average game of PUBG.
    Isnt the developers Bluehole? It's not like it is their first big game either.
        It's not? I honestly don't know anything about them.

Whatever the reason is it does feel like the games original code was a piece of crap and they've never managed to refactor it and make it smooth, just patchwork ontop of existing code to put out fires for 2 years straight.
            They made Tera, too.
                Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
                Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
    The tricky thing about "fixing quirks" in a massively-successful game is potentially turning away the player base that made it successful...

"The devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't know".
    Try ring of elysium. It's what pubg should have been after all this time. 
As someone that played cod since its inception as a pc only title it still blows my mind that MW2 is regarded as a high standard for games...it was an absolute abortion that many in the cod community that played since the beginning marked as the beginning of the decline into a crappy perk filled game that catered to the lowest common denominator...but at this point maybe im just old guy yelling at kids to get off my lawn...
Well I can't speak for everyone, but personally I like the fact that it's fast-paced and games don't feel like they take a long time to start. I know the reason for the latter one is that loading is mostly covered by the class/squad/champion screens but I like it.

My biggest complaint in PUBG/BR in general was the downtime between matches and it's much faster in Apex to get into a new one. I didn't play PUBG enough to know much about the bugs and such, maybe if I did I'd think of them as the worse thing about it.

I'm indifferent about the class system, I'd probably enjoy the game even if it wasn't a thing, but it's a nice touch. The respawn system is also a fun addition, because if you die you're not necessarily out yet and aren't forced to wait in the main menu for a while again. The ping system is really useful especially if you're a mostly solo queue player like me.
Which is a shame. The Halo community rejects the idea of a Halo BR game so hard. If friggin Titanfall can do it well then so can Halo which has the exact mechanics needed for a BR game. Just like a Battlefield BR, Halo Br is something I've been looking forward too and my dreams had been crushed because the Halo community is too good for a BR when it would be fun.
It would be completely different and not really comparable to warzone.
a 95-5 split in favor of a BR-mode, sure. Hardpressed to say there was more dissent than that.
Pick it up for cheap now. Campaign still worth it.
Absolutely still worth it, the campaign was widely revered to be one of the best of all time, albeit entirely too short. And the movement mechanics in multiplayer have a learning curve that, when understood (not even mastered), are addicting. Flying across the map with the help of your tether will never get to be an old feeling, never mind what you can do while you're flying.

Plus, if you're not that great, there's npcs running around to kill, so you still feel like you're doing something to help the team
Respahrt.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'RESPAWN SMAHRT'. To learn more about me, check out this )^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/78ilq0).
Hey, if you're still crashing, have a look at your texture budget in game. We've got a small group of like 10 of us that play. Maybe 3-4 were having issues and we've spent the last week or so looking all kinds of random different settings. We've removed skins, updated drivers, rolled back drivers, moved pagefiles, reinstalled the game, etc... with no luck. Just recently 2 or 3 of them updated their texture budget setting in game and set the FPS lock launch command in the game settings on origin and haven't seen any crashes in 2-3 days. We're still not 100% sure if that's actually what fixed it, but not having crashed in 2-3 when it was multiple times every day is something!
    This is what fixed it for me.  

I was having issues with dropping frames, and my game crashed all the time. The first 40 hours was just me trying to optimize my game and playtesting without going into launch commands and potentially messing up my game.  

Then I watched the variety streamer Jericho go through the same issues. Now granted, he was streaming and using a high quality camera and greenscreen overlay, but he has a  2080 Ti graphics card. He should have been having those issues.  

He did +max_fps 60, and the stream gameplay went from literally unwatchable to smooth as hell on max graphics. His CPU went from 99% down to 60%, with everything else running in the background.

 Sure enough, when I did the same, I was able to have the smoothest jump launches and gameplay since I got the game. 

Now I'm not exactly a computer expert, but I'm pretty sure it all stems from the fact that this game is run on the Source Engine.

Yup, trusty old Source. 

3kliksphillip did a video a while back about the CSGO Battle Royale mode that came out a few months ago, and the challenges in creating a BR map in the source engine, which you can watch here: https://youtu.be/EYDaIKIoOkw

Now, if we take what we learn from that video, and apply it to Apex, it's actually pretty easy to see the "rooms" of the map, with all the high cliffs and plateaus.

The downside to this, though, is that unlike Blacksite, the Apex legend map is much larger, and has larger rooms, thus you have all the "rooms" loading in at once when you are your squad first dive out of the plane, or upzip and travel to another "room". The Source Engine does not like this, and it puts a huge load on your setup to compensate for it. As is evident, even the best setups are going to have trouble running the game like that and not drop frames/crash.


Also, I guess that source engines have had trouble with in-game adaptive frame locks in the past and that it doesn't really work with in-game menus?  I'm not sure on this part since I got this specific part from Jericho's discovery with his setup.

 At any rate, the constant calculations and graphical compensations could be adding to the load in its own way, especially when its also trying to load the game assets in as well. The adaptive frame rate may not be a good idea for a BR source game.

Regardless, the launch option forces a certain amount of frames, so instead of trying to render in at once in 150-200 fps spikes and failing, it loads in at a rate that your system can more easily manage.


Again, working theory, but it's making more and more sense to me as I think about it more and more. 

    Thank you guys for your tests and time! 
The crashing thing is going to be hard to replicate in house before releasing it, you just can't account for all the differing PC configurations out there.  Crashing should get better over time, I'm guessing there are a few core issues causing most of them, they just happen often (hopefully).
    Yup, people who don't crash just never crashes for hundreds of hours, it's very configuration specific that's why the devs posted asking people to send their logs and hardware configuration.
https://media.giphy.com/media/l41YdsBZC6Im0L8cM/giphy.gif
Bloodhound is kinda like the sonar knife. In TF2, it's a knife that you throw to reveal everything in the surrounding area.
    Yeah, the only tacticals we don't have from Tf2 yet are cloak stim and a-wall. The other four are in the game just watered down. I imagine they'll eventually implement all the tacticals in some way down the road.
    Damn, the more I hear of all these cool items in TF2, the more I wanna check it out. Like that gravity bomb/black hole thing (sorry, dont know the name) i saw in a video that was warping bullet's paths. They seem to have some interesting mechanics in their multiplayer.
        Hell yeah. [Here's](https://youtu.be/Ekhg7ZiXB_I) a video of a guy curving Kraber shots with a Gravity Star. There's some really cool loadouts that you can do too. I really like using the EVA-8 with a grappling hook, or an Alternator with the stimpack.

If you do decide to check it out (the game comes included with Origin Access for like, $4 a month), keep in mind that lots of the weapons are different than in Apex. The Alternator and Mozambique are actually pretty good, especially with the run and gun perk.

The multiplayer is still pretty active, albeit with a fairly harsh learning curve due to lots of veteran players, but you should catch on quickly. I'd also highly recommend the campaign. Along with DOOM and Wolfenstein, it's probably the best FPS campaign in recent years.
Operators have a different weapon pool and abilities.
    overwatch gets the comparison but this game is way closer to siege in terms of its hero shooter elements 
They are called operators and have special abilities and specific guns/attachments. It's an operato (hero) based tactical shooter.
No the whole point of the different operators is that each has a unique ability or gadget, from bear traps to drones that can shock you. Also, each operator gets access to a unique selection of weapons.
Get siege! Slightly toxic community but TOTALLY worth it!
    It's like the most toxic shooter out in wdym *slightly*
        I’ve been lucky enough to have never experienced someone be more toxic than an accidental teamkill and I’ve played since beta. However I HAVE heard about other people’s experiences.
Nah, they each have there own gadgets and some have passives that counter other operaters
those things can be real expensive yo
Is there any other kind of death with a Mozambique?
    non-death
        Deathn't
        Which actually is the slowest of deaths...
    Let's hop into Titanfall 2 and I'll show you just how heinous the Mozambique can be.
        I love how people with caustic flair comment as if they were in character, always so concise and confident, almost provocative. Uhh I meant to say I love death, life sucks, gas is fun.
    You can very easily break a toe when you throw it to the ground in disgust. That might cause you to trip and fall somewhere. 
REMINDME! 100 years “it’ll take that long for Mozambique”
They'll die of old age before the Mozambique would kill them.
Throwing the Mozambique gun at him does higher damage than the actual gun.
**YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER**
Also, he says "Here's a photo of **one** of our map**s**"


So definitely they got some more maps in the works. Also apparently there was a mass exodus on the star wars team at respawn. So not a good sign for the respawn star wars game(EA, you fuck it).



    > So definitely they got some more maps in the works. 

It's reasonable to assume we will get more maps unless they do what Fortnite does and alter the one they have. However, just because it was planned at the time doesn't mean it's proof there will be multiple maps. Stuff gets dropped and adjusted all the time 
        I'm glad people are still speculating on stuff that the devs have already confirmed are coming. Keep it up everyone! 
    They're announcing something related to Jedi Fallen Order in Star Wars Celebration next month so I doubt they're cancelling it. It's probably close to being done since Chris Avellone (Kotor 2, Fallout New Vegas) apparently worked on and finished working on it.
Oh, it's obvious there will be more maps. When looking at the friend list on Playstation, it says something like "Playing Apex Legends | King's Canyon."

Also the devs and CEO said there will be more maps a while ago.
    Angel City or we RIOT
        A full city to fight in, full sized, 60 people, futuristic sky scrapers and other areas... Omfg yes
            Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

    I think they need a quick improvement on their friends list. Just so you can check recent players/team members and be able to add them. Also be able to do it from the end game screen. 


Unless I’m missing something and have been taking the long route of remembering someone’s name and then searching for their GT..
I noticed he talked about how titans were in early versions of testing, but removed, which I had read before. However "There is a variation but mostly just for transportation" makes me wonder if that might come in a later update!
    I think it's pretty sure that one of the new characters in the future will have ultimate ability which summons titan (maybe not "full sized" titan but...) for a set amount of time. Just wait. 
        This seems like the thread to drop this nugget into, so a friend in the industry told me that an IMC stalker will be released as one of the upcoming legends. Current plans are an ult that allows for a reaper to be called in. They're not all in agreement on how to balance just yet (lower hp or very limited in deployment time) but that's about all that needs to be worked out. 🤫
            Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
There were a bunch of responses 
>	Max exodus on the star wars team. Literally all their leads quit last week. Other than that.... ehhh could be worse.


:(
Welcome to 4chan
I've never read something that made me feel this flavour of discomfort before..
    I just polished my grapple to it.
    Are you sure the flavor is discomfort and not something else?
    4chan in a nutshell. Not that I hate it, but I don't exactly like it either. 
Nice you just copied the comment in the link above, 10 points for creativity
    Never said it was mine. Probably should've put it in a quote though.

My bad.
After Apex Legends doing so well, Titanfall 3 has potential to sell a lot of copies. A lot of people are playing Respawn's game, and a lot of people are very happy with their experiences so they're more likely to buy a game from that developer. 

It's not exactly a hard and fast rule but Respawn and the Titanfall world is seeing a lot of attention which usually translates to more sales, which they 100% deserve 
[Here is the screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/KOlYMDW.png)
Can you please give us night time or weather effects?
    No, but I can stand next to you while blowing really hard to simulate a wind storm while you play.
Where did you find this originally???
    https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
**D E E B S**
Thanks

I tried it didnt go so well
    I joined the game and a man appeared behind my chair and whispered "git gud noob" in my ear before he moonwalked out and hit my dog.
Nice. I play PC though and multiplayer has been killed by hackers. At least Black Ops 1 has dedicated servers with admins so it’s fine. Zombies on BO2 is great though and still really active (you can somehow find games for all maps!) so I can’t complain too much
Every game is just 2 people shooting walls getting headshots with every bullet, real annoying. At least zombies is still good though
Never either had the PC for it or I felt like it was too late to buy the game since it had passed its "prime".
    It was sad how quickly it died... :(
Whatever. The Zique shoots airsoft pellets
Wow! So much detail too. 3 man squads, 60 players, no titans. But there is a variation where titans are used as transport. 

So interesting. 
    He even says the name: Apex. It's an incredibly candid and thorough leak
        Meh, I'll call it a wild guess.
            he got lucky lol
    Yesterday shroud was getting frustrated that someone in his chat badmouthed Respawn, so he said something along the lines of: “They have some crazy stuff planned. I playtested stuff that isn’t even in this build”
    AND ALSO TITAN FALL 3 NEXT YEAR
        So glad everyone's seeing Respawn's game design because of Apex, Titanfall 2 was one of the most balanced and well designed games I've ever played and I feel like it's really underrated. Free monthly DLC, almost every weapon is viable while still having their quirks, and the weird weapons are still great if you get good at them. A well balanced point system for each game type along with the AI enemies that make the 6v6 on a huge map feel more alive. Then, upping the classes to have a secondary + an anti-titan weapon, changing classes during the game, and I believe it was the first game I played that had weapon levels (both BF and CoD have weapon levels now). To top it all off, they managed to design two maps in one for every map that work well separately and include plenty of places for good crossover between titans and pilots. I'm pumped for Titanfall 3 and for people to finally notice Titanfall. Titanfall 2 lived up to the idea I had of Titanfall back when I first heard of it in like 2013. 
            Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
[deleted]
    Depends, sometimes leaks comes from directly from the studio to build hype.  And sometimes   leakers get fired and blacklisted by companies for spilling secrets.
        We never hear about the aftermath of leaking, hmmm, any sources?
            I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
U should, or else you’ll slip down the stairs. 
*COME AND GET YA BIRTHDAY PRESENTS*
    "Backpack here, leather one"

I hear this every time
YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH
Although he got some negative comments too :(
    >some

You should see my inbox lmao
    Because people like him are the problem for "outrages" in reveals these days. Ex. BFV suffered a toxic pre-launch community, but they didn't turn positive like the Apex community has, instead running it into the ground and yelling at the devs when they made TTK balancing. Or Diablo, a game that many play when bored, having a spinoff made for the-platform-you-play-when-you're-bored: mobile. Can only hope people see sense through this mess once that releases.. :/
look now
[removed]
*Weird alien underground hydrology*
    ***A spring.***
        Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
            A ^spring.
/r/shittyaskscience/
This is exactly how I feel.

In PUBG games are too slowly paced, and they punish you for enjoying the game and engaging in fights that aren't snipe fests. Armor and helmets have durability, TTK is very low in close quarters, and there's significantly less mobility to try and Dodge shots. You're encouraged to take the "bathroom strat" of waiting upstairs in a building and trying to pick people off from a distance.

In Fortnite the game is too frantic, if you don't know how to build in seconds while others are attacking you there's no chance of victory. The only way you can win is if you're better at playing Sim City than everyone else in the game with you. 

In Apex they did a good job of getting the right TTK and weapon balance so that people aren't encouraged to camp or sit somewhere sniping the whole game. There's also no need to learn an entire second game besides the FPS portion. It's just good fun, and it really rewards good teamwork while simultaneously providing the tools to make that happen (the ping system).
    I find sniping in Apex to be nearly useless. If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them. It's occasionally good when initiating, but it's almost always better to have a different weapon.
        I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
            I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
            
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


        > If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
            >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
    In first person the people camping bathrooms rarely won because you typically wouldn't come across enough loot to make it a viable strategy. PUBG is a slower paced game, but similar to Apex it is best to get into fights but only if you finish them very quickly because third partying is your biggest threat. Difference is PUBG is just on a larger scale with less dynamic options due to less mobility options and hero moves.

Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking. 
        >Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
            #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
            Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
    What absolutely turned me on to this game was the ping system. I had no idea how useful that shit was until I used it... a complete game-changer for me.
Building is such a strange concept to me for an action shooter. It’s what has kept me from ever playing Fortnite. I’m glad Apex came out because I finally get to play a BR game and I’m loving it! 
    I feel the same. For me is much more satisfying dodging bullets and outplaying the enemy with the buildings/environment than building your way though it. 
The building is very clunky as a mechanic, it's almost like it's found its way into the metagame, but it got away from them on the design side. I can build a bit myself and edit ok, but mechanically editing is a terrible design (how it works with the buttons etc). I respect everyone that learned to do it well, but it is not a transferable skill whatsoever to other games so I sort of found perfecting it as a waste of energy for me personally.
    I can’t do it and don’t see myself learning either. I will say though that watching people who can do it is very impressive. I played with this guy couple days ago who was an incredible builder and it was to the point where I would rather my character be dead so I could just watch him play lol. Dude carries us to a couple wins in squads by himself. Doubt I’ll ever play w/ him again though after the pitiful display I put on the couple times he died before me and he watched me get wrecked. 
I couldn't get into building either. My step daughter loved that aspect though. Duo's with her are a blast. "I'm taking fire from the east, sweety. Requesting fortification of or AO immediately!"

I swear playing with her is the only way I can get more than a couple kills.
Shows how bad that game is, designed. They need a FULL redesign and launch to fix that mess.
    If they built PUBG 2 from the ground up it would be amazing. The thing these other BR games lack is the sense of being on a HUGE island or map with vast fields and forests. Also I love the building designs and details like trash inside of the old houses. Blackout is like an arcade machine version of PUBG which isn't bad but doesn't have the downtime or adventurous feeling that PUBG does. 
        i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
            [deleted]
I actually don't care about the quirks.  Pubg just takes too long
    Right. I can get 10 matches in after work of Apex. Or 4 good matches of pub.
        Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
        This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
            Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
            The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
    You could have an entire satisfying match in AL by the time you've finished looting in the average game of PUBG.
Isnt the developers Bluehole? It's not like it is their first big game either.
    It's not? I honestly don't know anything about them.

Whatever the reason is it does feel like the games original code was a piece of crap and they've never managed to refactor it and make it smooth, just patchwork ontop of existing code to put out fires for 2 years straight.
        They made Tera, too.
            Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
            Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
The tricky thing about "fixing quirks" in a massively-successful game is potentially turning away the player base that made it successful...

"The devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't know".
Try ring of elysium. It's what pubg should have been after all this time. 
This is what fixed it for me.  

I was having issues with dropping frames, and my game crashed all the time. The first 40 hours was just me trying to optimize my game and playtesting without going into launch commands and potentially messing up my game.  

Then I watched the variety streamer Jericho go through the same issues. Now granted, he was streaming and using a high quality camera and greenscreen overlay, but he has a  2080 Ti graphics card. He should have been having those issues.  

He did +max_fps 60, and the stream gameplay went from literally unwatchable to smooth as hell on max graphics. His CPU went from 99% down to 60%, with everything else running in the background.

 Sure enough, when I did the same, I was able to have the smoothest jump launches and gameplay since I got the game. 

Now I'm not exactly a computer expert, but I'm pretty sure it all stems from the fact that this game is run on the Source Engine.

Yup, trusty old Source. 

3kliksphillip did a video a while back about the CSGO Battle Royale mode that came out a few months ago, and the challenges in creating a BR map in the source engine, which you can watch here: https://youtu.be/EYDaIKIoOkw

Now, if we take what we learn from that video, and apply it to Apex, it's actually pretty easy to see the "rooms" of the map, with all the high cliffs and plateaus.

The downside to this, though, is that unlike Blacksite, the Apex legend map is much larger, and has larger rooms, thus you have all the "rooms" loading in at once when you are your squad first dive out of the plane, or upzip and travel to another "room". The Source Engine does not like this, and it puts a huge load on your setup to compensate for it. As is evident, even the best setups are going to have trouble running the game like that and not drop frames/crash.


Also, I guess that source engines have had trouble with in-game adaptive frame locks in the past and that it doesn't really work with in-game menus?  I'm not sure on this part since I got this specific part from Jericho's discovery with his setup.

 At any rate, the constant calculations and graphical compensations could be adding to the load in its own way, especially when its also trying to load the game assets in as well. The adaptive frame rate may not be a good idea for a BR source game.

Regardless, the launch option forces a certain amount of frames, so instead of trying to render in at once in 150-200 fps spikes and failing, it loads in at a rate that your system can more easily manage.


Again, working theory, but it's making more and more sense to me as I think about it more and more. 

Thank you guys for your tests and time! 
Yup, people who don't crash just never crashes for hundreds of hours, it's very configuration specific that's why the devs posted asking people to send their logs and hardware configuration.
Yeah, the only tacticals we don't have from Tf2 yet are cloak stim and a-wall. The other four are in the game just watered down. I imagine they'll eventually implement all the tacticals in some way down the road.
Damn, the more I hear of all these cool items in TF2, the more I wanna check it out. Like that gravity bomb/black hole thing (sorry, dont know the name) i saw in a video that was warping bullet's paths. They seem to have some interesting mechanics in their multiplayer.
    Hell yeah. [Here's](https://youtu.be/Ekhg7ZiXB_I) a video of a guy curving Kraber shots with a Gravity Star. There's some really cool loadouts that you can do too. I really like using the EVA-8 with a grappling hook, or an Alternator with the stimpack.

If you do decide to check it out (the game comes included with Origin Access for like, $4 a month), keep in mind that lots of the weapons are different than in Apex. The Alternator and Mozambique are actually pretty good, especially with the run and gun perk.

The multiplayer is still pretty active, albeit with a fairly harsh learning curve due to lots of veteran players, but you should catch on quickly. I'd also highly recommend the campaign. Along with DOOM and Wolfenstein, it's probably the best FPS campaign in recent years.
overwatch gets the comparison but this game is way closer to siege in terms of its hero shooter elements 
It's like the most toxic shooter out in wdym *slightly*
    I’ve been lucky enough to have never experienced someone be more toxic than an accidental teamkill and I’ve played since beta. However I HAVE heard about other people’s experiences.
non-death
    Deathn't
    Which actually is the slowest of deaths...
Let's hop into Titanfall 2 and I'll show you just how heinous the Mozambique can be.
    I love how people with caustic flair comment as if they were in character, always so concise and confident, almost provocative. Uhh I meant to say I love death, life sucks, gas is fun.
You can very easily break a toe when you throw it to the ground in disgust. That might cause you to trip and fall somewhere. 
> So definitely they got some more maps in the works. 

It's reasonable to assume we will get more maps unless they do what Fortnite does and alter the one they have. However, just because it was planned at the time doesn't mean it's proof there will be multiple maps. Stuff gets dropped and adjusted all the time 
    I'm glad people are still speculating on stuff that the devs have already confirmed are coming. Keep it up everyone! 
They're announcing something related to Jedi Fallen Order in Star Wars Celebration next month so I doubt they're cancelling it. It's probably close to being done since Chris Avellone (Kotor 2, Fallout New Vegas) apparently worked on and finished working on it.
Angel City or we RIOT
    A full city to fight in, full sized, 60 people, futuristic sky scrapers and other areas... Omfg yes
        Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

I think they need a quick improvement on their friends list. Just so you can check recent players/team members and be able to add them. Also be able to do it from the end game screen. 


Unless I’m missing something and have been taking the long route of remembering someone’s name and then searching for their GT..
I think it's pretty sure that one of the new characters in the future will have ultimate ability which summons titan (maybe not "full sized" titan but...) for a set amount of time. Just wait. 
    This seems like the thread to drop this nugget into, so a friend in the industry told me that an IMC stalker will be released as one of the upcoming legends. Current plans are an ult that allows for a reaper to be called in. They're not all in agreement on how to balance just yet (lower hp or very limited in deployment time) but that's about all that needs to be worked out. 🤫
        Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
I just polished my grapple to it.
Are you sure the flavor is discomfort and not something else?
4chan in a nutshell. Not that I hate it, but I don't exactly like it either. 
Never said it was mine. Probably should've put it in a quote though.

My bad.
No, but I can stand next to you while blowing really hard to simulate a wind storm while you play.
https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/410050215/
I joined the game and a man appeared behind my chair and whispered "git gud noob" in my ear before he moonwalked out and hit my dog.
It was sad how quickly it died... :(
He even says the name: Apex. It's an incredibly candid and thorough leak
    Meh, I'll call it a wild guess.
        he got lucky lol
Yesterday shroud was getting frustrated that someone in his chat badmouthed Respawn, so he said something along the lines of: “They have some crazy stuff planned. I playtested stuff that isn’t even in this build”
AND ALSO TITAN FALL 3 NEXT YEAR
    So glad everyone's seeing Respawn's game design because of Apex, Titanfall 2 was one of the most balanced and well designed games I've ever played and I feel like it's really underrated. Free monthly DLC, almost every weapon is viable while still having their quirks, and the weird weapons are still great if you get good at them. A well balanced point system for each game type along with the AI enemies that make the 6v6 on a huge map feel more alive. Then, upping the classes to have a secondary + an anti-titan weapon, changing classes during the game, and I believe it was the first game I played that had weapon levels (both BF and CoD have weapon levels now). To top it all off, they managed to design two maps in one for every map that work well separately and include plenty of places for good crossover between titans and pilots. I'm pumped for Titanfall 3 and for people to finally notice Titanfall. Titanfall 2 lived up to the idea I had of Titanfall back when I first heard of it in like 2013. 
        Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
Depends, sometimes leaks comes from directly from the studio to build hype.  And sometimes   leakers get fired and blacklisted by companies for spilling secrets.
    We never hear about the aftermath of leaking, hmmm, any sources?
        I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
"Backpack here, leather one"

I hear this every time
>some

You should see my inbox lmao
Because people like him are the problem for "outrages" in reveals these days. Ex. BFV suffered a toxic pre-launch community, but they didn't turn positive like the Apex community has, instead running it into the ground and yelling at the devs when they made TTK balancing. Or Diablo, a game that many play when bored, having a spinoff made for the-platform-you-play-when-you're-bored: mobile. Can only hope people see sense through this mess once that releases.. :/
***A spring.***
    Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
        A ^spring.
I find sniping in Apex to be nearly useless. If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them. It's occasionally good when initiating, but it's almost always better to have a different weapon.
    I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
        I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
        
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


    > If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
        >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
In first person the people camping bathrooms rarely won because you typically wouldn't come across enough loot to make it a viable strategy. PUBG is a slower paced game, but similar to Apex it is best to get into fights but only if you finish them very quickly because third partying is your biggest threat. Difference is PUBG is just on a larger scale with less dynamic options due to less mobility options and hero moves.

Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking. 
    >Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
        #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
        Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
What absolutely turned me on to this game was the ping system. I had no idea how useful that shit was until I used it... a complete game-changer for me.
I feel the same. For me is much more satisfying dodging bullets and outplaying the enemy with the buildings/environment than building your way though it. 
I can’t do it and don’t see myself learning either. I will say though that watching people who can do it is very impressive. I played with this guy couple days ago who was an incredible builder and it was to the point where I would rather my character be dead so I could just watch him play lol. Dude carries us to a couple wins in squads by himself. Doubt I’ll ever play w/ him again though after the pitiful display I put on the couple times he died before me and he watched me get wrecked. 
If they built PUBG 2 from the ground up it would be amazing. The thing these other BR games lack is the sense of being on a HUGE island or map with vast fields and forests. Also I love the building designs and details like trash inside of the old houses. Blackout is like an arcade machine version of PUBG which isn't bad but doesn't have the downtime or adventurous feeling that PUBG does. 
    i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
        [deleted]
Right. I can get 10 matches in after work of Apex. Or 4 good matches of pub.
    Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
    This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
        Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
        The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
You could have an entire satisfying match in AL by the time you've finished looting in the average game of PUBG.
It's not? I honestly don't know anything about them.

Whatever the reason is it does feel like the games original code was a piece of crap and they've never managed to refactor it and make it smooth, just patchwork ontop of existing code to put out fires for 2 years straight.
    They made Tera, too.
        Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
        Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
Hell yeah. [Here's](https://youtu.be/Ekhg7ZiXB_I) a video of a guy curving Kraber shots with a Gravity Star. There's some really cool loadouts that you can do too. I really like using the EVA-8 with a grappling hook, or an Alternator with the stimpack.

If you do decide to check it out (the game comes included with Origin Access for like, $4 a month), keep in mind that lots of the weapons are different than in Apex. The Alternator and Mozambique are actually pretty good, especially with the run and gun perk.

The multiplayer is still pretty active, albeit with a fairly harsh learning curve due to lots of veteran players, but you should catch on quickly. I'd also highly recommend the campaign. Along with DOOM and Wolfenstein, it's probably the best FPS campaign in recent years.
I’ve been lucky enough to have never experienced someone be more toxic than an accidental teamkill and I’ve played since beta. However I HAVE heard about other people’s experiences.
Deathn't
Which actually is the slowest of deaths...
I love how people with caustic flair comment as if they were in character, always so concise and confident, almost provocative. Uhh I meant to say I love death, life sucks, gas is fun.
I'm glad people are still speculating on stuff that the devs have already confirmed are coming. Keep it up everyone! 
A full city to fight in, full sized, 60 people, futuristic sky scrapers and other areas... Omfg yes
    Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

This seems like the thread to drop this nugget into, so a friend in the industry told me that an IMC stalker will be released as one of the upcoming legends. Current plans are an ult that allows for a reaper to be called in. They're not all in agreement on how to balance just yet (lower hp or very limited in deployment time) but that's about all that needs to be worked out. 🤫
    Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
Meh, I'll call it a wild guess.
    he got lucky lol
So glad everyone's seeing Respawn's game design because of Apex, Titanfall 2 was one of the most balanced and well designed games I've ever played and I feel like it's really underrated. Free monthly DLC, almost every weapon is viable while still having their quirks, and the weird weapons are still great if you get good at them. A well balanced point system for each game type along with the AI enemies that make the 6v6 on a huge map feel more alive. Then, upping the classes to have a secondary + an anti-titan weapon, changing classes during the game, and I believe it was the first game I played that had weapon levels (both BF and CoD have weapon levels now). To top it all off, they managed to design two maps in one for every map that work well separately and include plenty of places for good crossover between titans and pilots. I'm pumped for Titanfall 3 and for people to finally notice Titanfall. Titanfall 2 lived up to the idea I had of Titanfall back when I first heard of it in like 2013. 
    Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
We never hear about the aftermath of leaking, hmmm, any sources?
    I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
Weird ^alien underground ^hydrology.
    A ^spring.
I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

That said, I do really enjoy the G7 Scout. If you're not playing an aggressive hero (Bloodhound, Wraith, Bangalore) it's great to use it to soften up and distract the enemy squad while your aggressive squad mates move in for the kills. Mid range it's actually really deadly since you can tap fire it VERY quickly.
    I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.
    
>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


> If you down someone from long-range, their teammates have time to revive them.

That why you lay down some area of denial on their position, Bangalore/Gibraltar ults and/or grenades, while using a Wraith portal/Pathfinder line to quickly push in and finish whoever is still alive.

At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.
    >At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
>Third person was and still is nothing but camping and camera peeking.

I almost always dislike 3rd person games for this very reason. It's a built-in advantage for campers. I remember Gears of War just being a bunch of hiding around a corner and waiting for someone to come near.
    #*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
    Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
i don't know if there is the appetite for a 45 min game anymore.  i kinda feel like pubg's moment has come and gone.  it was a ton of fun for a couple years though.

i regards to blackout, i feel like they built a BR game with people who have never played BR.  the drop speed/flight time is wrong, the loot mech is clunky and unintuitive, the circle wall, instead of being a passive thing that slowly gets everyone bunched together, is like a super active component that kicks your ass, .  its just a game mode that I really don't enjoy and I played the heck out of blops multi player.  
    [deleted]
Even fortnite can take a long time compared to apex
This is the main reason I favor Apex over other games. I can die and be back in a new match in 15-20 seconds.
    Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
    The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
They made Tera, too.
    Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
    Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
Has there been a BR game that has done a more narrow map yet?

Instead of wide open fields have it completely city streets, alleyways and buildings?

Calling this a stupid idea that will never happen, then saving this so I can get the karma in the future when it happens and calling you a God. ;) 
he got lucky lol
Honestly, getting Apex to succeed is the perfect way to get people to be aware of Titanfall's existence, which is seemingly what it's always lacked.

I loved the shit out of Tf2, and I got a bit hyped when the first one was announced because parkour gunfights and mechs was everything young me ever wanted, but I played on PS3 so :(
I’ve helped catch a leaker at a previous job. Was his first industry position and was newly hired and relocated. Don’t think he lasted a month before he decided to leak. We caught him within a week and fired him. 
A ^spring.
I've been looking for a rifle to scratch the itch the FAL left me in MW2. I *love* the G7 Scout.

>I agree, unless you have a Kraber it's rarely worth it to snipe unless you're trying to 3rd party the last person left in a fight while they revive their teammates.

This actually happened to me unintentionally. I had a triple take, I could barely see this guy through a window of a building that was pretty far away. I shot at him and turns out he was the last person not knocked on his team and I eliminated the team. I think he may have been trying to revive a teammate or something. 


>At least that's the theory, in practice your Gibraltar will be instantly downed, your Pathfinder is busy playing Mirrors Edge in the nearby bones, while the Wraith just anime runs all over the place to saver her own ass.

Lol. But what I mean is, why even bother sniping if you can just rush in with all 3 squad members at once? And then you don't have to worry about holding onto a sniper and sniper ammo. Just load up on SMGs and shotguns.
#*CHAINSAW TO THE FACE*
Uh what? The only people who corner camped in gears were unskilled players. Wall bouncing was gears online. The gnasher was god tier. Gibs were instant kills. 

I demolished so many people wall slide cancelling into corners just to bait them into trying to corner peak me it was insane. Maybe you didn't play from day 1? Cause it has been this way since Gears 1 and still is. The gnasher is King and wall bouncing is to good to not use. 
[deleted]
Me and my squad were talking about this last night. I enjoy Apex so much more because I don’t feel like I’ve gone 10-20 minutes looting just to get sniped in the back of the head by someone 400m out like in PUBG
The turnaround time is a huge plus for me, someone that was raised on OG Doom in the early  90s. The game mode as a whole is prone to dropping and dying within 30 seconds (which is something i still dislike about BR games in general) and long waits to get into the game and out and back in is extremely detrimental to the experience.

They did a great job with the load in, die, load in loop, it makes dying to shit luck right away less painful.

Youre just like, goddammit! Oh well, quit and join another match
Tera online ? The game that had a ton of hype then fell out of existence due to I am guessing faults of the devs/ 
Woah woah woah what? Published by, maybe, but the actual PUBG started with one dude who made a bunch of Battle Royale mods for different games. He went by the online moniker "Player Unknown", hence the name of the game.

It's possible that they're now a satellite company *for* Bluehole, but I can't believe that Bluehole are the actual devs.

I have no idea why I know this.

Quick edit after some super fast google-fu. Yep, the people that made PUBG (Now PUBG Corporation) were acquired by Bluehole on July 2015.

Bluehole did not make PUBG, they bought it.


EDIT: This is wrong, I've been informed. Apparently Bluehole approached him with the idea.
